<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,3/15/2014,210,261,,7,6>My friend and I passed La Tagliatella a few months ago and decided we would check it out for her upcoming birthday.  I had heard this was a pretty popular spot for dinner and there is typically a long wait, so we made reservations in advance to ensure we didn't have to wait.  Upon arrival we were promptly seated.  La Tagliatella offers a different perspective to Italian fine dining then what I am used to.  They offer traditional Italian dishes but they also have a more distinctive Pasta menu that allows the guest to build there own pasta to his or her specifications.  It allows you to pick your noodle, then you pick your sauce, then you pick your proteins. There are roughly 10-20 different combinations one can get.  I have been to restaurants that work like this before but never an Italian one. What an awesome concept for Italian food!  This really gives the guest the opportunity to have there plate of pasta exactly how they want it!I was DELIGHTED to see that La Tagliatella offers homemade pasta! They offer a number of different tagliatelle and spaghetti noodles, as well as a selection of dry pastas.  Not many Italian places in the DC/VA area make their pasta homemade and believe me, homemade pasta makes a HUGE difference in the quality ,the  taste and authenticity of the dish.I was also presently surprised with the wide variety of different sauces offered.  The sauces are based in 4 categories; Tomato, Light Creme, Creme and Olive Oil.  Each category has 4 or 5 different sauces under it.   I ordered the Tagliatelle with Carbonarra, and my friend ordered the Tagliarine with Calabrese style. My dish was excellent, creamy thick and full of pancetta.  It was delicious and very filling.  My friends dish however stole my heart.  The Calabrese style with tomatoes, balsamic onions,garlic, sun-dried tomatoes, pine nuts and basil  was quite possibly the best Italian dish I have ever had.  On the side my friend and I shared the goat cheese and caramelized tomato salad.  The salad was huge, enough to feed 2 or 3 people easily.  The star of this salad is by far the caramelized tomato.  Who knew you could even caramelize a tomato?.  It sorta tasted like a piece of candy!  It was sweet and went perfectly with the pine nuts in the salad.  The black olives work perfectly in this salad because without them the salad would be too sweet.  For dressing we chose the balsamic glaze which was clearly very high quality.  it was thick, tangy and sweet, that's EXACTLY how all Balsamic should be.To round it out we ordered a Torta Rocher (hazel nut mouse with chocolate sauce) for dessert.  It too was excellent.  It was very satisfying without being too heavy, or too overdone. Finally an upscale, fabulous and authentic  Italian restaurant worthy of being in Italy right here in our area!  I will definitely be back and couldn't recommend this place more.  Buon Appetito!!!!
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,3/14/2014,90,420,3,9,5>My friends and I were curious as to whether this new business would be worthy of a good to great rating!    My hubby and I decided to give it go....   Walking the strip mall across from the local post office, we were greeted by a friendly server.   Note to all, service was excellent but we were the only patrons at this 1:00pm hour.  They start with fresh chips and hot salsa.  We had 2 baskets of these yummy "crack-like" chips!   The salsa was very flavorful.   I like my salsa thin and with lots of onions, perfect!   Homemade chips sold me on this place!    A to-go order for $3 was already on my mind.  We both ordered the steak tacos and were able to customize with corn tortillas.  The portion of steak was so plentiful, I hope they continue this!  I loved their Spanish rice, it was very similar to a sweet sticky rice.  That's also on my future list of to-go food!   The pico was so tasty, just the right amount of onions!     The server offered us some hot sauce, and out came bottles of habanero goodness!    There was a green and red version.We will definitely be back!   I want to try the pupusas and other items.   Glad to see a new ethnic place on Burke.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,3/13/2014,213,273,5,9,8>The staff are very nice & helped me pick my first drink here. I was on the fence between a dirty chai & Nutella and the lovely barista nudged me towards the Nutella as a "must-try". Taking them up on their option of alternative milks (love it!), the almond milk paired well with the nuttiness of the Nutella. The last sip of that drink was heaven since the Nutella had settled to the bottom, but torture since I knew the cup was now empty. The inside is charming and a little beat up with mismatched tables & chairs. I will  definitely be back to sample the rest of the menu!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,3/12/2014,141,320,5,14,11>A few months ago I started a discussion link about sushi near Annandale.  A bunch of the Korean places also have sushi bars and I was on overload trying to decided which was the best option.  To my surprise, everyone was recommending I go the other direction and try Yamazato.  I was on my own for dinner last night, so I decided to try it. Yamazato is about as tucked away as you can get in downtown Lincolnia.  It's on the ground floor of a two story commercial building, but not right out on Little River Turnpike.  In a way, it's kind of unassuming.  Inside, though, it has a nice atmosphere.  It's darker, but not too much.  I sat at the sushi bar (they have a regular bar as well), and noticed the preparation area was well kept.  In fact, when the sushi chef in front of me wasn't preparing anything, he was actually wiping down his work area!The service was amazing.  My waitress was attentive at all times, even coming by to pour more sake when my glass was low.  Best, she explained some of the sushi specials without me asking.  Sometimes I forget what the non-main ingredients are and get embarrassed if I have to ask. First, I ordered some unfiltered sake.  For the price, I thought I was going to get one of those tiny bottles.  However, it was almost a full sized bottle.  I was kind of intimidated.  Thankfully, it was smooth and easy to drink.For an appetizer I had the crispy duck wontons.  I was afraid that they may be to greasy as both duck and fried food can be.  However, they were perfectly done and didn't taste of old oil.  They were as light as anything with duck in it can be.For my sushi, I ordered two special dishes.  The 'Hole in One' which had salmon, tuna, yellowtail & avocado on the inside and tobiko on the outside.  It was very good.  However, with the rest of the sushi menu to try, it would not be my first choice to try again.  The 'Godzilla' consisted of deep fried salmon & yellowtail on the inside, and scallion, tobiko, spicy mayo & eel sauce on the outside.  To say the least, it was amazing.  That alone would be worth a trip back.For dessert, had the mocha ice cream.  I decided to try the red bead which was a bit below average, the green tea which was above average, and the black sesame which was simply amazing. This is my new sushi place!
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,3/11/2014,102,270,7,8,7>*****____________200th Review!!!!!! Woop Woop___________****My mission to eat at every Korean BBQ place in Annadale is in full swing...and this is my favorite non-AYCE Korean BB place. We came around 7pm on a Friday night and only had to wait about 15 minutes. They were organized about the waitlist and handed all of us fancy buzzers. I am so glad we came when we did because right after we sat down, the place was packed to the brim and there were a lot of people waiting.The BF loves starting with the seafood pancake, I always order Galbi and he gets Brisket. We were informed that there was a min of 2 Brisket orders so we would have to forego the Galbi or just order too much meat. We went for the latter but were bummed about this meat rule.Everything was delicious! The pancake filled with seafood and perfectly crisp. Their bonchon is the best I have ever had - fresh and so many options. The Galbi and Brisket were not too fatty and perfectly cooked. The only thing missing was steamed egg to go with our rice.Subtracting a star because they don't take reservations, they don't cook Galbi in front of you, and because of the minimum 2 orders for Brisket. We also felt really rushed...is it possible to complain about food coming out too fast? Well here I go...our bonchon, apps, galbi and brisket all came out at the same time! We looked like pigs and I was bummed we felt so rushed to eat our apps/meat before they got cold.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2014,3/10/2014,421,454,19,34,27>When Ted's Bulletin first opened in DC, I bookmarked it all the while thinking that we would get there during one of our forays into DC.  Well...as my DC bookmarks grew, Ted's seemed to fall down the list when it came time to choose a place for dinner.A couple of weeks ago, I noticed that they were now in Reston Town Center so no need to go to DC to try them.  It's located in the spot where Uno's was.We were here on a Saturday night around 5 p.m. and were surprised to be told that there would be a 20-25 minute wait for a table.  After deciding that we still wanted to eat there, we were given a pager and told that it would work up to 1/2 block away.  We took the pager and saw that The Pottery Barn was 1/2 block away so we headed there to kill time.  As we were crossing Market Street, a Ted's employee came running after us yelling, "Hey, guys!"  He told us that a table just came open.  That was nice of them to send someone after us and we appreciated it!We noticed that a lot of the infrastructure that was there for Uno's was left in place but Ted's put its own stamp on the dining area.  The seating is tight and the chairs used were the type of old seats once found in schools.  The place is very loud so at times it is difficult to have a conversation without constantly saying "what?".Our server, Rachel, was very friendly, efficient and prompt.  She knew the menu very well.  When we were seated, we were given 2 food menus but only 1 drink menu.  My husband had just finished looking at it when she asked what we wanted to drink.  One of the mixed drinks that has "dogpatch" in its name isn't available in Virginia.  It seems  that Ted's makes one of the alcoholic ingredients that is in it and doing that, apparently, is illegal in Virginia.  So, after a quick glance at the drink menu, I chose a mixed drink called Lincoln County Line.  I forget exactly what was in it but it had vodka and some fruit juices with a Rosemary sprig for garnish.  It was on the tart side but not bad at all.  My husband chose Ted's Light beer which he said was a lager and he was pleasantly surprised as he said it was good.For dinner, I chose to order off the breakfast menu and had The Big Mark.  This dish consists of "3 eggs, 2 bacon strips, 2 sausage patties, hash browns, toast and a homemade pop tart. I got the eggs fried over easy and chose marbled rye bread for my toast.  For my pop tart, I chose peanut butter and bacon.  Our server said that this pop tart was sweet and savory.This dish was very filling!  The eggs were cooked exactly as I ordered them.  The sausage patties were clearly made in-house.  At first bite, they taste sweet due to the maple syrup but then the heat in them catches up to you!  The hash browns were perfectly cooked as they were just crisp enough on the outside but on the inside were still soft and flavorful.  I ended up taking the pop tart home and ate it later.  When eating it, the peanut butter and the sweetness of the crust came through but I tasted very little bacon.  The funny thing is after I ate it, a sweet and savory flavor lingered in my mouth.  All in all, it was quite good.My husband ordered meatloaf with Mingo County ketchup glaze.  This dish comes with your choice of 2 sides. He chose mac and three cheese plus BBQ baked beans.  The meatloaf portion consisted of 2 large pieces!  My husband said---and I agreed---that one piece would have been enough.  I tasted his meatloaf and found it to be flavorful and moist and he agreed.  Our server said that she thought this meatloaf was better than her mom's LOL!  The 3 cheeses in the mac and three cheese are regular cheddar, white cheddar and asiago.  It is topped with bread crumbs and is gooey, smooth and tasty.  The BBQ baked beans were sweet but not overly so.We were too full to even consider dessert!    All in all, it was a great dining experience with both great service and great food.  Before the tip, dinner cost $47 + change.  We both agree that we will add this Ted's into our restaurant rotation and will try other items next time.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,3/9/2014,1031,583,1,7,5>Came here for dinner not to long ago.  The service was amazing, everyone was very nice and friendly and helped me decide on some wine.  They offer flights or glasses and the cost of the wine is very reasonable.  The food here is also great, a little small, but still good.  They do the farm to table thing, so I understand the cost may be a little higher, cause you can taste the difference.  The place can be a little pricey, but if you have not had dinner here before it is worth checking out.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,3/8/2014,231,461,4,9,7>I tell you what... this place isn't a gimmick. It is the real deal. A lot of brew pubs have okay beer and average at best food. This place is not one of those places! The pizza is unreal. The blue cheese & balsamic pizza is so good (obviously you need to enjoy blue cheese), the Garlic Pig pizza is just unreal, and the caprese pizza is awesome. I love fried pickles so an order of frickles never hurts. The bottom line here is, they care about the food. They want to make an exceptional beer and food that pairs well with the beer. This love of what they do shows in the food and beer that lands in front of you. I have tried four beers and a cider here and I have enjoyed all of them. All though I am not an IPA drinker, the IPA is very good. I am looking forward to the wet hopped Two Hemispheres brew coming up soon. If you like good beer, this is your place. If you like good food, this is your place. If you like friendly service, guess what... this is your place!
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,3/7/2014,54,172,5,14,10>Beltway Brewing is the latest addition to the NOVA craft brew scene. Owned and operated by Sten Sellier, a former homebrewer, this sparkling $2M facility is a  must visit. BBC is a contract brewer - brewing their own ales and also brewing for others.  At this time, the tasting room is open Thur and Fri from 4 - 7 pm. Currently they are serving up three brews. Two BBC originals (Suite Dee and Batch One) and one from Adroit Theory. While the tasting room furnishings may be sparse, it makes up for it in character. With two foosball tables and even cornhole, there is plenty to do while you enjoy a beverage. Grab a flight of beer and pull up a keg seat. Beer is available by the pint, 6 pack or fill up your growler to go. As of early February, there should be two more ales to try out. Rumor has it that they will soon start brewing for a local restaurant chain. After a recent tasting, I inquired about hosting a private event on the premises. Sten was extremely accommodating especially given the last minute notice. With the details all worked out, the event was set. BBC allowed me to order outside catering.  While I set up our mini buffet, my colleagues were able to sample some brews. After a few drinks and some food, we were given a tour. The facility itself is a stainless steel shrine. Not only is the tour fascinating, it's a true pleasure to hear Sten speak so fondly of his craft. Mad props to him and John for a great evening!I very much look forward to BBC expanding their draft offerings and business hours. With that growth will likely come an upgraded tasting room. Do yourself a favor, and make sure you check out BBC during a Thurs or Fri.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,3/6/2014,66,170,4,11,8>Just wanted to provide an update since I've had an opportunity to come here a few more times and try a few more things.  My daughter has fallen in love with both the Milk and Taro Bubble Teas, and I have enjoyed more varieties of their pastries.  All are super fresh and really delicious.  My last visit, 11-11, happened to be what they told me was a kind of "Korean Valentine's Day."  The employee offered me a "pie stick," which was two long pie-crust looking sticks dipped in chocolate on one end, wrapped in plastic and accented with bows on either side, and cost $4.  He said that the tradition is to give it to your loved one.  I thought that was pretty cool, it kind of looked like giving your love a long stem rose (that you can eat!).The employee was also super attentive, offering free tapioca (usually an extra 50 cents) for my son's strawberry banana smoothie, and filling it to the very top of the cup.  I have heard this bakery is on the expensive side, but when you are selling top shelf items, I suppose you can get away with that.  Everything, so far, has been top shelf, so I'm awarding five stars.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,9/10/2013,55,681,2,5,2>Some of the best BBQ I've tried in the DC area. The pulled pork is tender without being dry, the pulled chicken is moist with that perfect smoky flavor, and the brisket is thin sliced and worth trying but not quite as good as the others. Their BBQ sauce just comes in one flavor, an interesting and unique combination of a vinegar and tomato based sauce (which I think may have some onion in it too). If you want a little more kick add a little of one of the many varieties of hot sauce they have around. As for the sides, the BBQ beans are worth a try, and the red beans and rice aren't bad but add a little Tabasco sauce for some extra flavor. The fried okra is the best I've had in a long time, lots of flavor, not too heavily battered,  fresh, and not greasy. They also have one of the best sweet teas I've had in the DC area, it's almost good enough to make you think you're back in the South. If you like roasted peanuts, and if you're eating in a BBQ place you probably do, grab some peanuts in the shell from the tub while you wait for your meal.Friendly service (order at the counter, self serve drinks, they bring your meal when it's ready) and you get a piece of corn bread if you sign up for their email club. If you try to come with a large party keep in mind this place is pretty small so getting a table might be tough. This place isn't on the Metro and it's in a little bit of a weird location but worth the drive and I'll be back here many times.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,9/9/2013,115,493,3,10,4>Thali Express is serving up Indian food fast. As a result, it's not a bad place due to the price and quick delivery of food. Items here are served cafeteria-style, except for various breads are baked to order. Here, they use a metal lunch tray that has a setting for your choice of rice (biryani is extra), serving of salad and half a papadam, a setting for their yogurt sauce (has little chickpea dumplings in it), and 3 settings for curries of your choice. Overall pricing depends on how many sides/curries you get and if they are vegetarian or meat. Naan is extra, but freshly made to order which is great. I think it is about $7 for a vegetarian thali meal. For the meat curries, it seems like they will always have a mutton curry and some sort of chicken (there was curry chicken and butter chicken during my visit) option available. There's a decent number of vegetarian options. Food overall is very similar to the other Indian restaurants in the area, such as Angeethi's buffet options. They have a decent selection of sweets, but we didn't get the chance to try any. There also have a few "street snacks" too. You have to bus your own table, which isn't very clear. There's a small bussing cart located in the direction of the restrooms.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2013,9/8/2013,94,100,3,2,1>3.5 stars.  I've been here numerous times for lunch and for the late night dinners that are 10 bucks/person because I honestly like being able to eat as-much-stuff-your-face spicy pork as possible.  I like to eat the white rice with the sesame oil, salt and the spicy pork together.  I also add garlic to the grill while it's cooking to give it some flavor.  You get to cook it yourself too because if you allow the servers to finally get to your table then your meats will be burnt.  They kind of give you looks if they see you cooking it but hey, WHY ARE YOU OVER THERE GIVING ME A LOOK instead of OVER HERE COOKING MAHHH SPICY PORK???  Regardless, the spicy pork is pretty good.  I wouldn't touch the sushi though.  I've tried it and it doesn't taste that fresh or good but...come on it's a Korean Buffet but a Japanese one.  In addition, I didn't like the soft serve because it tasted grity. You know when it has that "sandy" taste on your tongue?  That means the machine probably isn't washed daily.  All in all, I'd still come back to cook my own spicy pork and munch on all the side dishes!!!
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,9/7/2013,9,17,8,12,4>The problem with opening a new restaurant in the DC area is everyone thinks they are an expert.  The only thing worse than that is coming down to the 'burbs and opening a restaurant and having a bunch of pretentious would-be "foodies" tell you how to cook your family recipes.  I have many friends from Louisiana, and I have had Cajun and Creole all kinds of different ways.  Some are awesome; others, well, I don't find myself running back for more.  After reading the good reviews and the plenty of available hater reviews, I had an urge for some good food of the Bayou and decide to give Lagniappe a try.  I was not disappointed.  I ordered the gator bites (first time I have seen gator on a menu since I left Okinawa), the white beans and rice, and the chicken gumbo.  Contrary to others who apparently think you should get an entire gator tail, the portion was more than enough for two people (as an APPETIZER), and a small meal for one person.  I ate it alone and was more than satisfied.  The cup of house sauce that came with it was actually the perfect amount.  If you need more, then you might as well just drink the sauce by itself, because you are obviously not ordering the gator for its flavor at that point.  And, the $13 market price for the amount you get is a deal. The white beans and rice were really good as well.  And for a $5 side item, it is nearly a meal alone as well!  There were plenty of beans to mix with the rice, and the dish was well seasoned with the right amount of sausage.  Any more, and I think it would have been a sausage and rice dish with white beans.  The only "complaint" I would make, if you call it that, would be that the container is filled to the brim and you have to eat down the side a little to make enough room to mix everything together.  Or, you can just dump it into a bowl at home (if you take out) and mix it up that way.  For a "side item" it was more than enough for two, and, as I mentioned before, enough for a small meal for one. On to the star.  The gumbo was pretty darn good.  I ordered the large and barely ate a quarter of it as I was already full from the previous two items.  I think of gumbo as one of those dishes that is always better the next day, anyway.  But, at first taste, it was very good as well.  Lots and lots of chicken, sausage, rice, okra, etc.  It had just the right amount of flavor and spice, but not enough to be over powering or really hot (spicy-hot, that is).  I am not sure who is serving up everyone else's gumbo on here, but there was more than enough meat in mine.  Now, I will say that I have a friend that makes an amazing gumbo at home, but it is obviously HER recipe not THEIR recipe.  And for not having any other gumbo/po' boy options in the area, this one is pretty much as good as it gets.  I went on a Monday evening and there was no crowd, the place was quiet, very nicely decorated, and the staff was really friendly and helpful with the menu.  I don't think I waited anymore than 15 minutes for my food, and was back home in no time to enjoy my dinner. I look forward to going back and trying out the rest of the menu over time, but as far as the basics go so far, Lagniappe is definitely going to be my go-to place when I am in the mood for some good Cajun comfort food.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2013,9/6/2013,102,270,7,10,8>I am not a big fan of burgers but my boyfriend is. So over the course of the last 4 years, we have tried every burger place in the DC/VA area and this one is my favorite! I crave this place and I love this location. It is much bigger, cleaner, and parking is not as bad - there are parking garages in CC!I always get the Obama burger (Applewood bacon, onion marmalade, roquefort cheese & delicious horseradish mayo sauce) with village fries. This place is sauce heaven!!! I actually like dipping my fries in all of their sauces - especially Sriracha Mayo, & Chipotle mayoThe BF gets the Smokehouse burger (Applewood bacon, sharp vermont cheddar fried vidalia onion rings with chipotle bbq sauce) and he swears by it! It's hard to complain about a burger with a crispy onion ring on it.The size of the burgers are perfect for me. I can actually finish the whole thing and still have room to split a Toasted Marshmallow milkshake with Jon at the end.My waistline is very thankful that I no longer work and live in Crystal City.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,9/5/2013,90,420,3,6,4>Dim Sum is one of my fav types of 'chowing down' on some good ethnic grub!   I can't believe this was my first time dining at Hong Kong Palace.   I had always been a "Fortune" and "Mark's Duck House" patron, so I was so excited to check out a new dim sum place.Based on other yelp reviews, we made sure our party of 6 headed over there early, 11ish.   It took a few minutes to secure a table since our party was not 4 or 8, seems 6 people is too big for a table for 4 and too small for a table for 8.   Eventually, they gave us a table for 8.   Now for the grub!    The thing I love about dim sum is that you can eat off all the carts in a matter of minutes.  I've always thought that the dim sum carts love new tables, so they all converge within minutes of you placing your napkin on your lap.    There was so many types of dim sum.   We selected many many items, to a point that our table for 8 was overflowing in dim sum tins and plates.    They don't really give you a menu, so we asked for an order of beef fried rice and was shocked to see a huge plate of rice(enough for two families).   This place was amazing!   We had 3 to-go bags that we split between 3 parties in our group!   The place was grand, very huge, and the service was awesome.   When I turned around to glance at the people waiting by the door, I saw a sea of faces just hungry to grab the next available table.   It was definitely worth arriving early.  I imagine that arriving at 1pm on a Sunday afternoon meant you would probably be waiting at least 30 minutes for a table.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/14/2013,9/4/2013,321,489,4,7,5>Ah, Kitbar...the kind of place where as long as you set your expectations correctly, you will leave feeling somewhere between "A-OK" or "YAY!" (hence, the 3 to 3.5 star rating from me).Do you have random out-of-town visitors that want to go someplace "fun" and "easy"? Do you like to have some drinks with friends in a casual environment and share food as opposed to hog it? Do you not mind socializing with "cheftenders" (their term for bartenders/waiters)? If you answered 'YES' to all of the above questions, then Kitbar is for you.Oh, and do you drive a plug-in electric car and are looking for reserved parking with charging stations while you grab some food? Kitbar is also for you.Are you looking for a quiet, intimate, sit-down dinner experience? Are you looking for large portions and big plates of food? Are you hoping to spend less than $40? If you answered 'YES' to any of the above questions, then Kitbar is not for you.Setting is in the chaotic parking lot (not Kitbar's fault) that is Herndon's Clock Tower Shopping Center, connected to Red, Hot and Blue and across from Sun Trust/Starbucks.As long as you know what you're looking for, Kitbar may be pleasing to you. The atmosphere is fun and there are lots of "cheftenders" waiting to serve you. It truly is nice to bring friends or business friends there, but not awesome for families, big eaters, etc.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,9/3/2013,487,282,,9,4>Come here for breakfast! You won't regret it.With as often as I frequent this establishment, I should have reviewed them a long time ago. I'm here at least once a week, it's all about the breakfast rib eye with some sausage gravy on the crispy yet soft thick cut home fries. Everything here is made in house, true country cooking, down to the large portions with those divey diner prices. The hotcakes are delicious and fill up almost the entire plate, the bacon is thick, the hungry man breakfast special fills you to bursting, I really can't complain about anything on the breakfast special side of the menu. When you first walk in to Yorkshire, the decor does not add to the experience, but its clean, just a little old and run down though I think they are slowly working on some minor renovations. It doesn't have any smoke smells as another reviewer mentioned, seriously it was probably one of the older patrons that frequents it as much as I do. Yes it could use a fresh coat of paint but I'm here for weekend morning deliciousness where the focus is on the food and not the pretentiousness. The clientele are even small town folk types, this really is a local establishment and makes it that much more Pleasant because everyone is so darn polite and friendly.The entire is all extremely friendly and eager to please. I never have to wait long even during those busy after church Sunday mornings. Couldn't ask for a better bunch of people to see on a weekly basis. Looks can be deceiving, don't judge a book by its cover. :)
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/11/2013,9/2/2013,87,193,3,25,5>I'd never been here before because I didn't want to be naked around these other women. But then there was the Groupon coupon. And honestly, nobody cares what you look like. Everyone there just wants to relax. This place is split into 2 sections. The common area where males and females can gather. This is where they have the poultice rooms. They're kind of like saunas except they're made up of different materials such as clay, ice, onyx, etc. Apparently the different materials have different benefits. We tried all of them and some are just too hot! The bottom of my feet started burning after 15 seconds. The red clay ball room was interesting....they hurt my feet when I walked on them. Then there was the bade pool. This is segregated by gender and yes, you must be nude. The bade pool was a giant jacuzzi. There were jets spitting out water everywhere. Very relaxing. There's also a restaurant and gym. There really wasn't much to do unless you wanted to sit around all day and do nothing. I'm not sure I would pay the regular $40 fee, but it was a good experience. Tips:1. No shoes allowed; place shoes in the small locker in the lobby2. They have water dispensers3. They have magazines to borrow4. They provide shampoo, conditioner and body wash5. Your locker key is used to make purchases so you don't need to go back to the locker to get your wallet. 6. They provide towels
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,9/1/2013,54,40,3,8,2>The sign on the door says Mt Vernon Deli, but the food inside is all Mama's.This restaurant is brand-spanking new, so I didn't really know what to expect. Hell, I had to add the shop to Yelp myself. You're welcome. Now, go, check in.Ignore the sandwiches.Go straight to the soul food.I had the fried chicken (dark), collard greens and mashed potatoes. Excellent life decision. The meat is tender, juicy and falling apart. The skin is quite possibly the crispiest I've had. Perfectly seasoned. The combination of the two is religious.The mashed potatoes are better than my own homemade, and quite possibly the best I've tasted. They're creamy with a perfect texture. They don't hide behind excess salt, and with a bit of their homemade gravy, are perfection.I wasn't sure about trying the greens, but since they graced every other plate in the house, I figured I had to try. I normally find them bitter and tasteless. Mama has converted me to the church of collards. Wow. Just Wow.Best of all, the service was friendly, kind and helpful. The people in their are genuinely excited about their new establishment, and they should be! In a town that prides itself as a place where mainstreet still exists, Mama Reacer's is exactly the sort of food you would expect to find. Tucked into a little shop with people passionate about what they're serving up.It's not fancy, it's not pretty, it's just good food served well. I'm so happy to have these folks in my neighborhood.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2012,1/5/2013,87,193,3,5,2>This is a great dinner/show combination. The performers, servers, even the person taking reservations stays in character and just exude tons of energy and fun. If you want to come on a Friday or Saturday, I suggest you make reservations 2 weeks in advance. It's in Old Town Alexandria, so parking can be hard to find. However, parallel parking is free after 7pm. The restaurant is modeled after a great dining hall and they have assigned seating. They serve authentic medieval food and you eat it with only your hands! Just like back then, how cool is that?! They bring out plates to share among 4-6 people so be courteous to others. The first course was prime rib, caramelized carrots and sausages. The second course was rosemary chicken and stuffed yams (tater tots) and for dessert they served pound cake. Everything was good, especially with the 800 year old recipe of pear-cinnamon sauce and honey mustard. The show changes every 3-4 months and they ask for audience participation so be prepared to volunteer. The servers sing during your meal and the show continues during the rest of the time. The show we saw was very funny and enjoyable. They even had a real sword fight! I think this is a fun event for groups, and I would defitnitely recommend to others.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2012,1/4/2013,209,343,3,4,5>A geeky gamer's paradise! I first heard about eStarland through a coworker who mentioned they had a ridiculous Nintendo/ NES selection of games. The same coworker just sold me a refurbished NES so figured I'd stock up on games at this place. I was warned to go in with a list of games I wanted since it could get overwhelming (naturally, I wrote down all the games I had as a kid). When I got there (it is hidden amongst office buildings with a very small sign- if you feel like you're in the wrong place, trust you're not!), I wasn't prepared for how many games they have. For the NES games in particular, it's basically one whole row, which isn't much in comparison to the walls and walls of Xbox and Wii games. At any rate, I found a few things: California Games (bought solely for the nostalgia of it- the game kinda sucks), Yoshi's Cookie, Super Mario Bros 3 and DUCKTALES! I was shocked they had Ducktales so took a stab and asked if they had Darkwing Duck- they didn't unfortunately but their stock changes often so the clerk mentioned I should just check back. As someone else mentioned, there aren't prices on each game but if you want to know how much something is, just ask.If you don't want to make the trek out there for fear they won't have your favorite game, check their online stock-- for games specifically, it's broken up into console to make things easier. If it's been listed on their site, it's ready for sale (but might not necessarily be on the sales floor).
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2012,1/3/2013,523,699,4,16,7>I've been meaning to write this review for some time, but haven't been able to fully describe how I feel.The good- It's a decent workout...your legs will definitely shake during the first class.  There is enough variety to the classes that they don't get boring, but most of the moves are staples so you'll know how to do them after a couple of classes.  They have online booking (a personal favorite of mine) and the instructors are very friendly.Where that extra star went-Perhaps I'm spoiled by TRX training center (yelp.com/biz/trx-trainin…), but I find that I can't challenge myself as often as I want to.  At times, I would like to push myself more, but I'm still doing the same exercise.  Also, there are not that many modifications for beginners, which could potentially turn people off to this workout.  There are no cues for water.  None.  I almost feel guilty when I pick up my bottle to take a swig.  I realize it's a fast-paced class, but it's also an hour and I feel that it's a little dangerous.  In addition, although they advertise as a "corps," I still feel like an outsider.  You know how some classes make you feel welcomed?  I feel like a ghost.  That might just be me...and I don't know how to remedy that...but I figure in an environment like this there would be more interaction.All in all, it's a workout I would recommend, although it can be cost prohibitive, particularly when it's recommended you come at least 3 days (!) a week.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,1/2/2013,222,447,7,15,7>Sugar Palm is a cool little restaurant located on Edsall Rd.  Unless you live in the area, or work close by, you probably would not pay it any attention.  It is surrounded by apartments and the highway, so you might just zoom right past it.When you first walk in, you are greeted with smiling faces and a fully stocked bar.  It is not a large establishment, but they have it decorated well so that you don't feel like it is a hole in the wall or a small cafeteria.I thought the prices were a little high at first glance, but that was before I tasted the quality of the food.   They also have a decent happy hour with beer, wine, and tasty appetizers from 3 pm-6pm.  I arrived shortly after this time, and they still allowed me to order the specials.I am in love with the seafood dish Pad Cha Talay.  I typically don't like mussels (at all!) or calamari that is not fried...but for this place I made an exception.  The dish also comes with shrimp and scallops in a yummy light sauce.  My sister got the Pad Khing with shrimp.  They allow you to change some of the dishes if you want seafood instead of pork or chicken for a small fee. The ginger sauce was delicious.  Both of our dishes were so good that we made sure we sopped the sauce up with the rice...and I'm not even a fan of white rice!Overall, Sugar Palm is an excellent addition to the neighborhood.  If these people started food delivery, my waistline would be in trouble.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2012,1/1/2013,443,442,,14,10>**4.5 stars**This new Japanese restaurant is located in the same shopping center as TJMaxx and Noodles&Co. Sushi Prince is very small inside and the tables are tiny, but the food and variety were excellent. Service was on point as well- we barely had to wait for water refills or for them to clear each finished plate off the table.Spicy Yellowtail appetizer ($7 for 4 pieces): The fish was tender and I enjoyed the sauce; the jalapeno on top gave it a good kick!Kushiyaki (~$3-4): You can choose from a variety of meats or seafood and these are presented on mini-skewers. We ordered chicken, beef, mushroom, and scallop. Scallop was by far my favorite, but the others were tender and juicy as well. Lunch Chirashi Bowl ($14): Comes with a variety of fish (salmon, tuna, white tuna, roe, squid) and veggies/egg. I've had better. The fish was not as fresh as I had hoped, but this deal was decent and worth the price.Spicy Scallop hand roll ($6.50): yum! This roll had plenty of scallop and had a good spice level to it.Mochi Dessert ($4 for 2): A bit pricey since it only comes with 2 small pieces (one strawberry, one green tea), but a good end to the meal.You Complete Me Dessert ($1 for 2 pieces of jello): lemon was refreshing, but red bean did not taste very good to me.Overall, I'd come back and I'll definitely tell my friends about it!
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,12/31/2012,273,378,6,11,8>I just bumped this place up one star. Why? Friendly new staff! Now, I don't have to deal with the owner's rather grouchy demeanor. Yayyyyy. That aside, Indaroma is still the boy I fell head over heels for. You can still find consistently good food--from the entrees to the desserts. I visited this place two days in a row this week, so that should probably tell you just how much I adore Indaroma. I tend to always order the alu tikki chaat but I decided it was very unlike me to be so safe and unadventurous, so I ordered the gobi Manchurian kati roll today, to mix it up, and it was, like everything else here, very good. And like all other items sold in this bakery/cafe, it was super cheap. It only set me back $5.50 for a perfectly portioned wrap with a complex and satisfying blend of Rumali roti, fried cauliflower, tomatoes and onions. They have two glass cases on each side of the register. Look to the left and you'll see an array of cakes and pastries to satisfy your sweet craving. To the right are assorted savory pastries and salads, including veggie puff pastry and corn salad (simple and refreshing). With the new faces working the register, Indaroma is the whole package.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2012,12/30/2012,45,864,3,4,4>This is a thoroughly enjoying craft brewery -- it's a little off the beaten path, but the excellent beer and staff make the bar a welcome place to visit any time.  There's a decent variety of beer, all full of flavor.  All the offerings can be purchased in two sizes of growlers and some are available in six packs.  The staff is knowledgeable, friendly, welcoming, and having a great time selling and making beer -- and, really, who wouldn't? -- and sharing all of that with their customers.  The beer is served in an open, bright and clean tasting room / bar (two bars, actually) with huge windows, and chalkboards and framed signs describing their beers and history.  In a huge room off the tasting room is the "brew house," full of shiny, well-kept equipment, and space and attachments for expansion.  The brew house also has a classic bottling machine, which almost outshines all the modern equipment surrounding it.  Good times!  [If I wasn't greedy and wanted at least the option of appetizers to eat, this most likely would have been five stars to me.  Location plays a factor in this though -- if a restaurant were to open up beside Port City, then this wouldn't be a concern.]
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,12/29/2012,438,299,5,11,6>Size matters...Really it does. Once you see a movie on a REAL IMax screen you'll have a hard time watching it on the other 'imax' screens. The screen here is 6 stories tall so prepared to be amazed!Things of note is that you should definitely arrive EARLY. I got here about 30 minutes or so before one movie and there were people lined up already to get into the theater. There is stadium seating but with the screen being so tall you'll want try and sit near the middle for the best experience. Because of that, the earlier you get here the more likely you'll be able to sit where you want. The other thing of note is that you can't eat or drink in here, so if you're hungry you better get something to eat from beforehand. There is a food court in the museum so you can eat there, you just can't bring it in.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2012,12/27/2012,232,240,8,9,8>I have been here twice now, but past up a meal the first time due to the bad conversation I was having at the time. The second time around I had sure to make up for the lack of eating, and was satisfied with every bite. I was a little disappointed that the only menu available at the time was the Happy Hour menu. My friend and I actually got there about 5 minutes before the menus switched. Our waiter told us that the kitchen would still prepare serve from the lunch menu, but my friend and I didn't want to order when we knew it would mess them up back there. I've worked in kitchens before and understand this all too well.Our waiter was pretty awesome. I actually feel bad I didn't get his name. I guess the next time I visit Lyon Hall I'll just have too scan the floor for him. (I am an admitted waiter stalker. If I like the way you service me, I just keep coming back for more! Haha).Now for the food...Drinks:John Doe (red wine): 5 stars. I am just not a wine snub (yet!!), so I don't remember the name of this one, and can only say that I really liked it. One thing worth pointing out, however, is how generous Lyon Hall is with letting you taste the wines. My waiter had no problem bringing over two bottles and pouring me a taste of each. I like a place that isn't bothered by this request.Little Happy Hour Nibbles:Mussels: 3.5 stars. I will say that these mussel were good, but they just didn't have what it takes for 5, or even 4 stars. Here is why: First, the broth is not as complex and rich as what you get at Brasserie Beck. Second, the mussels are not served with additional bread. Yes there is complimentary table bread, but I had already almost polished that off by the time the mussels arrived. This dish needs lots of bread. Everyone knows it's all about dipping crusty bread in that rich, buttery, briny broth. The mussels themselves are actually just an obstacle you have to eat through to get to the broth. More bread Lyon Hall!Pommes Frites: 4 stars. The highlight of this was the light essences of dill on the frites. I will forever want dill on my frites. Good choice. The low point was that the frites were not perfectly cooked. The cut was perfect; just enough surface area and just enough fluffy potato inside. However, they came to the table a little soggy. This l equated to them not being made fresh. Also, the trio of dips are a great idea. The more the merrier. I just wish that the two creamy dips (one hollandaise, one ranch?) were too similar. I would have loved something a little more adventurous.1/2 lb of Olives: 5 stars. This assortment of olives was so tasty, and the herby oil that they were marinading in was great for bread dipping. They come hot and with the stone, so make note of that before you dive in and crack a tooth. ;)Miscellaneous Salad: 3 stars. This salad was brought to us I believe by mistake. Somehow our waiter or the kitchen mixed up the order and swapped our olives for the salad. No harm. Without any hesitation out waiter brought out our olives, and didn't charge for the salad. I will say that it was one of the most beautifully colorful salads I've ever had. Taste wise, however, I just found it dry and having too many bitter notes. Nice start for a perfect recipe, but it's not quite there yet.Lyon Hall is a nice place for a drink and nibbles. The service is fun, and food is worth paying for. Also, if you aren't that into your date, or you're looking for one, just go to the bathroom. You'll understand when you do. ;)
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2012,12/26/2012,146,515,2,4,2>Like many, I sometimes cut through Clifton as a "back way" home to Manassas from my office in Reston, to avoid the traffic hot spots. I had always seen this quaint little local store and pub and was curious to come back and give it a try. Recently, my wife and I took a short ride over to Clifton to try it out. Overall, the experience was good, and it's a neat out-of-the-way place to go if you are looking for something different. The site is half local market and half casual pub. You enter through the store in the front and proceed to the back, which is a clean and well-decorated traditional pub (with the traditional pub-green paint). There's a few tables and a small bar area - it's not huge, but doesn't feel cramped either. Their beer selection is mostly your typical pub fare - Guinness, Harp, Smithwick's - and Starr Hill Amber, a nice option. Their bottled beer selection was mostly standard fare, although the selection to purchase in the market was a bit more diverse. Understanding that I couldn't buy and pop one of those, I went for the Starr Hill Amber. The menu has a strong selection casual market/pub fare. There is a nice selections of salads, sandwiches and wraps, a create your own burger option with a vast amount of toppings, appetizers, and limited full entree selections. The wife opted for the chicken caesar wrap, while I went for one of the specials - a tomato, fresh mozzerella, and basil sandwich. My sandwich was great - basil and tomato were fresh, with a nice portion fresh mozz. I've had better fresh mozzerella in Italian markets, but this was pretty good. The wife thoroughly enjoyed her chicken caesar wrap. The service was nice here, and the place had a very warm, local feel to it, even though I suspect they get a lot of passers-through as well as Clifton locals. If you're looking for something different and are in a nearby area, or passing through Clifton and want an affordable bite to eat, check this place out.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2012,6/12/2012,222,447,2,19,5>I took my father for his birthday because I wanted him to experience something different than the norm in Woodbridge, VA.  This place is the closest thing to fancy that I have found in the area, and I was not driving him to DC and back in traffic.I made my reservation the same day for 5 pm.  Upon arrival, the staff had friendly smiles on their faces, and we were immediately seated.  We both ordered glasses of wine while we decided on what to order.The Menu:  I am a person who cannot stand looking at anything that has too much going on.  This menu needs to be redone because it is not well organized.  It was hard to focus on one thing at a time because they had everything jumbled together.  They have a prix fix menu, a seven course menu, appetizers, salads, soups, and entrees with stars next to it with instructions as to what is included in the prix fix.  Then they have the weekly specials.  To top it all off, the menu is in French and English.  It took us about 20 minutes to order.Food:  To start, we had cauliflower soup and the fried oysters.  Both were tasty.  We ordered the filet mignon and shrimp, and the duck for entrees.  Everything was well seasoned and prepared perfectly.  The red cabbage that comes with the duck is really good.  For desert, we ordered the carrot cake.  I asked them to add a candle to whatever desert I ordered for my dad when I made the reservation.  They made it extra special by bringing out an additional chocolate mouse and wished him a Happy Birthday.Service:  Excellent.  They were very attentive.  They even brought my dad a pair of glasses to read the menu because he forgot his at home.Prices:  I didn't think the price was too high.  I actually expected it to be higher.  Entrees range from $22 to about $34 (most of them under $28).  However, bottles of wine were about $60 and up, so we ordered by the glass.  But as far as the food is concerned, the portions were decent and they come with side items.  I was stuffed when I left the Bistro.  We took the desert home.4.6 STARS (I rounded it up to 5 because giving a 4 would be too low!)
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,6/11/2012,210,261,1,7,6>Sweet Water Tavern is definitely my all time favorite local restaurant. In fact every time I have friends visit from out of town, I take them here and there comments are all the same!  This place is fantastic. Where to start?After the waiter takes your order, they come back by and bring the best bread known to man.  Normally its a small selection of breads which they get baked daily from there sister company Best Buns Co.  My favorite bread is the Ozzie roll.  Ozzie rolls are sorta like  dunkin donuts glazed munchkins minus the glaze. They are mouthwateringly delicious and are served with a light honey butter!I've had pretty much every salad they offer.  My favorite is the chop house salad.  Its your run of the mill salad  (romaine, cucumber, cheese, tomatoes, grilled corn) and its premixed with a buttermilk ranch type dressing.  Its sounds heavy but I assure you it is not.  Its surprisingly lite and refreshing.  The calamari is a great appetizer.  Its pretty big and enough to feed 2-3 people.  I really enjoy the lobster bisque, but if your order any of the Sweet Water soups, keep in mind they are pretty heavy, so you might not be hungry for a main dish afterwards.My favorite main dish is the drunken rib eye.  I have been around the world and back.  I have eaten at some of the most expensive steak houses in the world, and the 26 dollar rib eye from Sweet Water takes the prize!  It is the best steak I have ever had! The steak is marinated in Sweet Waters homemade beer, and then cooked with some marinated mushrooms.  I typically get it medium to medium rare and its packed with flavor.  One may want to note that  Sweet Water does not skimp, this dish is enough to feed 2 people with a healthy appetite.  It comes with a salad , and I normally get the loaded baked potato or the cauliflower mash as my side!  My favorite dessert is the Warm Flourless Chocolate cake....which is like eating brownie batter!  Anyone who likes chocolate will LOVE this.  Bottomline- SWT offers Great Service, Great food, and reasonable prices!!!  The only and I mean only con is that this place is always so crowded its hard to walk in and get service during the dinner rush.  However they do offer call ahead seating (they wont do reservations because of how popular they are).  I typically will call 1 hr to 45 mins in advance and put my name on the list and generally there isn't much of a wait by the time I arrive.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,6/10/2012,966,3217,1,17,9>I was surprised to discover that I've never written a review for the current location of Deja Brew (the other review was for the old location in Gainesville, VA).Deja Brew is one of my favorite local coffee houses! It beats Starbucks hands down every time! DB is located in the Merchants View retail complex at the intersection of U.S. 15 and Dominion Valley Drive. It's tucked back in the far left hand side of the shopping center between a Dentist office and a Minnieland.Their coffee selection and flavor is better! They typically have 3-4 different coffees each day to choose from! When I go for hot coffee - I tend to go with whatever is their "Bold" of the day.Their espresso beverages are strong and tasty. They offer about everything you can imagine espresso-wise. During the hot/humid months - I usually stick with a medium, iced triple shot latte - half whole milk, half skim milk. They pre-brew and then chill the espresso used in iced drinks - so that you don't experience that unpleasant scenario where hot espresso poured over ice makes your drink all watery.You can bring in your own mug and leave it there - and each time you come in - you grab your mug and use it - thus saving some paper materials!They also offer a variety of sandwiches and wraps, including breakfast sandwiches. My fave is the Lox & Bagel! They have baked goods, chips, bottled beverages, and more!But Deja Brew is more than just a place to grab some caffeine. Tom, Lisa, and Max Nichols are the owners of Deja Brew - and they pour their heart and soul into this. On weekend evenings - there are all sorts of open mike events, concerts, and more! People gather here to enjoy the music, perform, and mingle with friends, family, and meet new members of the community! On the back walls are a variety of stringed instruments - I can't tell you how many times I've walked in just as an impromptu jam session is kicking off! One day I walked in and several regulars were cranking out some high quality, foot stomping country tunes - and they were really good!They offer free Wifi, a variety of seating and tables.Deja Brew also supports the local community through fundraisers for local causes. They recently put on a fundraiser for a small local boy who was suffering from Cerebral Palsy and Traumatic Brain Injury. He needed a very expensive therapy for his condition that his family could not afford. The Nichols and Deja Brew put on an event through their 501(c)(3) Deja Brew Foundation, held a music/concert event with raffles and silent auctions - and raised the entire amount the family needed to pay for their son's therapy! Awesome!
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,6/9/2012,168,304,7,7,6>I finally got the opportunity to try this place.  I remember when I first saw them building this place up.  I got all excited because there was another Pho place close to my office.   As I walked in, I was kindly greeted at the door.  I was taken to my seat and a menu was brought to me.  As I looked over the menu, I was brought a glass of water.  After looking over, I noticed that the prices were a little high.  I thought to myself, who cares.  If the product is good, then I don't mind paying a little extra.   I also noticed that their sizes were different than most places.  Theirs said Regular and Super.  I figure I'd get the Super.  I wanted to see how big Super really was.  I also got the combo, a Super #1, 1 crispy spring roll, and a soda.  All for  $11.25.  The Spring roll was the first item to come out.  While the spring roll had good flavor, it wasn't hot.  It also didn't seemed it was cooked recently.  Usually a freshly cooked spring roll is super hot and crispy.  This one tasted just warm and not super crispy.  Tough it was tasty.  Now on the Pho.  I don't know if the name Super was just there to play games on my mind.  To me it did seem a lot larger than most places.  As I looked around I saw people with the regular and that seemed to be the same size as a large in other places.  Maybe it was just an optical illusion.  Who knows, I was starving.  I took nice whiff of the broth and it had a nice strong aroma to it.  I then took a sip of the broth and it was piping hot and flavorful.  For those that know me.  That's a good sign.  When the broth is good, I only add the veggies.  No sauces.  I'm a purist I guess =)  Noodles were not clumped.   There was a ton of meat in this bowl.  In fact, I ran out of noodles before I ran of meat.  That usually never happens.  I was stuffed by the end.  It was a very good bowl of Pho.  The wait staff was friendly and they came by to check up on me.  They seem to remember if you come in often.  I saw them talking to a few regulars saying,  You're back.  Good to see you again.  As Neal E. stated the bathrooms are nice and clean.  That is a true statement.  They even have a fancy sink in there.  I actually took a picture of it, why?  I have no idea!!!  I'm just a weirdo.I'll be back here again, no doubt.  I'm going to dock them a star for the spring roll at this time.  The next time I go back, if is better, I'll raise it up.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,6/8/2012,229,399,8,11,7>Hole in the wall WIN! Where did this place come from?? I for one do not come across Turkish/Bosnian/Ukrainian/that-kind-of-Mediterrane­an food often in NoVA...well, ever. Thank you, Yelp App. for this find! More of a take-out type of place, Balkan Grill has roughly 6 bar stools for you to sit on if you do decide to dine-in. Which we did. To kill some time, however, we explored the Turkish grocery store the Grill was attached to - full of chocolates, candies, coffee, and other Turkish packaged foods and drinks for you to take home. Time was killed and food was ready to be consumed. Like everyone had suggested, we went with the Burek with beef for appetizer (which could very well be eaten as the meal), fries, and a couple spicy Adana burgers. All of it was excellent! The fries were your standard fries but cooked just right, the beef Burek juicy, and the massive Adana burgers spiced just right - but go ahead and ask for some hot sauce on the side to turn it up if you need it....or if you enjoy whipping a runny nose while eating. Be warned now though, even for those who are going in very hungry: the portions really are quite large. Share or be prepared for a take-out box. A whole lot of yummy for very, very, cheap, a definite win in my book. I'll be back to try out the pizza next!
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/29/2012,6/7/2012,192,253,8,11,10>This is the kind of place that Robert Irvine would walk into and want to rip apart based on the bland, out-dated decor. But once he sat down and ordered a few dishes from the menu, he may have second thoughts. Delias is not the typical kind of restaurant I usually visit.  It's your standard middle America family restaurant with huge portions. However, it's a family-owned and operated  non-chain, so that scores big points with me. **Parents: this is a great spot for you to dine with your kids. You don't have to worry about them being noisy cause Delias already is.**The menu is massive! The largest section consists of Greek food, but there's also pizza, Peruvian entrees, burgers and pulled pork, Italian pasta dishes and calzones, subs and sandwiches, and a nice-looking breakfast menu with a huge omelet selection. Honestly, I have the hardest time trying to figure out what to eat when the menu is this big. I came here for some pizza since many people seem to like it, and I am always trying to find the best pizza joints. It didn't disappoint. I got the all vegetable one with gyro meat as an addition. The pizza is American-style with a thick and chewy crust and pretty tasty. The pizza comes in 8, 12, or 16 inches. If you're looking for Italian-style thin crust pizza, this is not it.Husband got the gyro platter which came with a "dinner-sized salad" which was pretty large. The gyro platter itself had a least 2 pounds of gryo meat, and he said it was the most tender he'd ever had. We started with the calamari which was not the greatest. The breading was  bland, the marinara meh, and there were no tentacles. I like those chewy little things.I have a feeling that some entrees are much better than others here so order carefully. But, one entree will likely feed you for 3 days, so it's a good value.pizza: 4gyro: 4calamari: 2decor: 2service: 4
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,12/25/2012,84,1122,1,3,3>I'm really a fan of this 'yes, we have it ' local hardware store.You can have your H Dep, Lowz, Wa-Mar & Targy, give me Trenis any day of the week.Everytime I've needed a tool or a harware item they've had it and at a better price.You get great personal service as well.You can also gas up your car, fill your LP tank, get breakfast, lunch or dinner and get FREE  air for your tires!You gotta love these independently owned shops!
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,12/24/2012,96,439,,5,3>Most Indian restaurants come with a lunch buffet-only warning. Not Minerva. I typically actually go here for dinner, and it's always filling, delicious and does not disappoint. I swear this Herndon location is better than the one in Fairfax for some reason, but I believe they are the same ownership.The menu is varied, authentic and robust. The service is always impeccable. The most recent time I was there, the server was a young Indian guy who spoke perfect English and took the time to explain each dish in detail to folks in our party who weren't seasoned Indian food goers. The dinners at Minerva come on a big silver round dish with your pot of main dish in the middle, surrounded by little dishes (like eight or something) of various sides. For example, I had the saag chicken (amazing if you love spinach like I do), surrounded by corn soup, curried veggies, mushroom soup, raita, rice, yogurt/fruit dessert, spiced chickpeas... I'm probably forgetting something. Oh, and the naan. Mmm. Did I mention you get poppadums as a pre-meal snack?It's SO MUCH FOOD. And it's SO GOOD, for the most part. The only downside is that you'll probably end up liking half of the little side dishes, which vary depending on the chef's preference (and what's left over from lunch buffet?). Folks at our table sort of traded around based on what they liked and didn't, but regardless, there's so much food here that even if you don't like something, you'll be fine. I recommend at least trying everything, even if you aren't sure what it is. Sometimes you'll be pleasantly surprised by the deliciousness!This is Indian food at its best. My only qualms are the hit-or-missness of the sides... I would prefer to just pick getting one or two of what I really like instead of four small things I do and four small things I don't. I also had to ask for my drink to be refilled after going the whole meal without one (except the water, they'll refill that all day for you). The value is also impeccable -- we had four people who ate for $60. That's a dinner for two at a lot of places, for much, much less food.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,12/23/2012,187,308,9,10,5>Everytime I hear the word H-MART...I get excited. Not in the inappropriate way but, I really like saving money. I mean really like it. Come on....6 limes or lemons for $1.00 but, Wegmans wants 50 cents per lemon or lime. Not to downplay the beauty and awesomeness of Wegmans but, some items shouldn't cost that much...especially some lemons and limes. Just saying...Ok. My apologies for going off on a rant :)So...H-Mart is that place to be! Just avoid it like the flu on weekends and you will be extremely happy with this place. H-mart offers every single vegetable or fruit you can think of...even ones you dont know existed. And the seafood/meat department is fabulous....a tad smelly but, the selection is out of this world. The customer service is nonexistant but, who needs customer service when you can get 6 limes for $1.00!!!!!
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,12/22/2012,157,256,2,3,2>This place just warms my soul. RIGHT NOW, just thinking about it, I am craving a beignet. The way in which they do things here can be a little odd, but it works. So, you come here and you get in line to order. You step up and you order and pay and they give you a card with a name on it. When they call that, your food is in the window. The Sunday morning we were here was pretty crowded. No big deal. We waited in the line for a short time because it does move quickly. After that, the next task was to find a seat. Here's a hint - wearing dark clothing is not a great idea. Powdered sugar everywhere! That was fine. That's what happens when you have beignets, so we knew that. I ordered a biscuit with cheese and turkey sausage and a coffee. Boyfriend got something with eggs, I think (I don't eat eggs, so I didn't taste his). And we got beignets to share. The food was really good. Is it down home, NOLA-style -- I dunno. I don't care. It's yummy. That's what I care about. The place is certainly kitschy-looking and gives you something to look at while you wait. I'd def come back here for Sunday brunch. There is a parking lot across the street (free!) on Sundays. I do want to try it for dinner as well.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2012,12/21/2012,706,347,5,9,7>I have had Lavender Moon bookmarked for ages and while strolling along in Old Town this past weekend, I made it a priority to check it out and I am glad I did. First of all, there are no lines like at other cupcake places that shall remain unnamed. The storefront is quaint and relaxing. My friend and I were the only two customers in the store and were able to relax and enjoy our cupcakes in the cute reception/dining area in an unhurried part of Old Town. It's so difficult to get away from it all and Lavender Moon provided the perfect respite.  It was definitely a few minutes of heaven. The staff was friendly and named of all 12 varieties of cupcakes for us. I guess they do that all day long!  I tried the Sandy Beach, which I keep calling Sun and Sand for some reason. It's a vanilla on vanilla cupcake with graham cracker crumbles on top.  It was phenomenal.  It actually tastes like cheesecake, which I am obsessed with.  The cream cheese frosting was outta this world! My friend had the red velvet which she found delectable. I did not like it as much. The cake in their cupcakes is softer than at other cupcakeries. I decided to stop by Lavender Moon the next day to pick up half a dozen cupcakes for a BBQ. My friends and I cut each cupcake up into fourths and sampled them all. I have to say it tastes better to eat a full cupcake the proper way because then you really get to taste the icing. When you cut them up it's not as good. We tried the flourless chocolate with almond and sea salt, the lemon curd, the sandy beach, the triple chocolate, the oreo cookie, and the roasted peach and blackberry. My favorite is still the sandy beach. The triple chocolate would be the next best. The lemon curd was not as good as everyone says IMHO. The oreo cookie was kind of dry. My friends were not as ecstatic about the cupcakes as I was. I especially liked ordering one cupcake and sitting inside the venue to enjoy it.  Buying in bulk was not as satisfying. The cost per cupcake is $3 including tax. A dozen cupcakes is $30 including tax. There is no website. You will need to call to find out the day's offerings. Note: be careful with the to-go boxes. The cupcakes seem more secure than they actually are. You still need to handle with care. Two cupcakes toppled over on my drive.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2012,12/20/2012,74,153,,4,3>I have tried a few peruvian chicken places in the area, this one is a winner. They get even the small details right such as the rice. If you are American, you probably don't "get" rice. Especially white rice..for me being raised in a latino family, white rice is for EVERY meal. And latin american white rice tastes way different than indian jasmine rice or the (usually horribly tasteless) white rice you get in Americanized chinese food. Lightly salted, hints of garlic, moist, this stuff is amazing.The chicken is very good, lightly crispy skin. They have an amazing spicey sauce that is of a unique recipe I have not had anywhere else. A previous review mentioned the fries suck..well here is a tip: never order regular fries at a latin restaurant. get the yucca fries! Those were excellent and come with a delicious mayo-like white sauce for dipping.I picked my chicken clean to the bone, which I rarely do since some bits sometimes seem yucky..but I basically wanted to cover the plate it came on in their spicy sauce and eat that too. I will be back! Very happy to find a good peruvian chicken place near me.Interior is very clean, service good, lots of tables to sit in. Give it a shot! Try the dark meat ... in my experience dark meat is usually tastier with this type of chicken preparation.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,12/19/2012,127,433,2,10,5>A new Korean diner tucked into a semi-basement of Annandale, VA definitely delivers for Korean comfort food.  Next to more popular Palace and only a few blocks from Shilla and a few other more famous Korean pit-stops like Ara & BonChon, a great alternative with some different options than the aforementioned popular joints.They serve the double-fried Korean fried chicken that has become all the rage lately, and it is almost as good as BonChon.  Now that the Annandale Bonchon has been surpassed by the far superior (in service & variety of options) Fairfax and Centreville Bonchons, Red Holic is a viable option when you crave the delicious chicken.Additionally, they have a variety of combination boxes that include some of the Korean street food and fast food that is flavorful and even a bit healthy compared to their American diner alternatives.  The bang for your buck is in play here, as most of the food is quite cheap.  The tempura plate is large and flavorful and comes in several sizes, a nice addition to the other options on the menu.The servers were very friendly (not always a given in some of the spots in Annandale, not naming any names) and most spoke English if needed.  Overall, a good experience that was a little different than the plethora of Korean food found in Annandale.  If you thought Korean food was just meat plates and kimchi, the multitude of options available in Annandale continue to prove that misconception wrong.  Enjoy!
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,12/18/2012,27,180,2,5,3>Will never use any other company, and can only hope they stay in business forever!!When we first bought our place 15 years ago, the heat pump was on its last legs.  Being new to the area, when it finally bit the dust, I had no alternative but to pick someone out of the phone book.  Luckily for me, that someone was K&M.It was hot as hell out, but K&M came out the same day we called & by the very next day we had a new heat pump installed & the rest of our system inspected, with detailed maintenance instructions provided.  And even though they didn't know us from Adam - when I had my checkbook in hand, I was told that I'd get a bill in the mail.  (Oh, & the price estimate was spot on.)Fast-forward several years later when we had a fan problem.  Again, K&M came that very afternoon, & the job was repaired by the next morning.Two very BEST examples of how wonderful these people are? First time - we had a minor "flood" in our basement, that I thought might be connected to our a/c, so called K&M.  They came out & figured that it wasn't the a/c, but a backup in our drain system.  Not only did they give me the name & number of a reputable plumbing company, but they refused to charge me for coming out & making the diagnosis!!!  Second time - just last year the electrical box for our well pump stopped, & while I knew this wasn't in their line of business, I called the lovely, friendly, & EXTREMELY polite lady who runs the office, who again gave me a referral to someone who could help.  When I explained my predicament & that K&M had referred me to them, those folks were out in a shot, & my problem was solved by the next  morning.Sorry - but I can't agree or frankly even believe the poor reviews others have posted here.  K&M has NEVER let us down during 15 years of dealing with the heating & a/c (& plumbing & electrical referrals) for an old farmhouse.  I absolutely CRINGE at the very idea of a day when K&M might not be around!!
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,12/17/2012,162,152,4,10,9>My friend and I were exhausted and hungry after a morning at the outlets, so we decided to grab a late lunch nearby. Browsing through our options on Yelp, it was Taste of Burma that caught my eye. I've never had Burmese food before, so I thought it would be fun to try out. Since it was late afternoon, the place was pretty much empty when we got there. The host seated us right away, but it took 5 minutes or so before someone came by to take our order. Maybe because their menu is so big? I had a hard time deciding between the salads, noodles, and curry dishes. Everything sounded delicious! Once our order was taken though, service was very good! The lady serving us was super sweet and was good about checking up on us.To start off our meal, we decided to get the vegetable samosas. They were light, not greasy, and delicious. It came with a slightly sweet tamarind sauce on the side.  Being fall and all, I went with the Asian Pumpkin Curry (Pumpkin cooked with onion, garlic and lemongrass) for my entree. I enjoyed the dish, but probably would not get it again. The pumpkin was cooked perfectly, but the flavor was pretty mild. I think I was expecting it to be bursting with flavor like a Thai or Indian curry dish. My friend let me try some of her Glass Noodle Salad (clear noodles with chicken, shrimp, cabbage, cucumber, onions and cilantro - mixed with a chili and lime dressing) - and she definitely had the better dish of the two. I'm a big fan of the glass noodles. Filipinos use it in some of their noodle dishes. The dressing was tasty and had a little zip from the chili. The most unique thing I saw on the menu had to be the goat dishes. My Dad would have loved this place. Sterling is a bit far from me, so hopefully I'll be able to try out this place again soon.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,12/16/2012,38,379,,5,4>As a sucker for good Greek food, I was excited to stumble upon Opa! in Ashburn. Our previous Mediterranean dining destintation was closed for renovations and this girl needed some tzatziki sauce, We started with the dip sampler. The pita bread was nice and fluffy - not the super thin, dried out some places stick you with. It was also wonderfully warm. The hummus, tzatziki and third sauce were all very good. The third sauce we picked was a spicy cheese thing. The Mister loved it while I hogged the tzatziki. I was a bit put off by the fact that it was 10.50$, felt over priced to me.For entrees, we've tried the pasta salad, the Opa! gyro, the classic gyro and the chicken souvlaki. All were solid and we both loved the touch of shoving fries in the Opa! gyro - it reminded us of how street gyros abroad are often served but it's something i haven't encountered much in the States. It was an extra 3.50$ to make the sandwiches a combo with fries and a soda. Fries are 3.50$, so basically you are getting a free soda. Servings are plentiful and the meat is well seasoned. My beef with Opa! is that it's an above average quick-order, sit down Greek place with prices that are not in line with the menu, atmosphere, etc. Spending about 35$ for two people to have appetizers and gyros just feels like a bit too much.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,7/9/2013,479,514,3,10,4>Love, love, love.This has become a regular stop for us. I seriously crave the Thai basil rolls--it's like garden freshness in a wrap-- and the wonton soup is a must. Lately I've gotten more adventurous and have been branching out from my safety zone--haven't been disappointed yet. They have a whole gluten free section for those of you who are intolerant or avoiding "just because." I love the variety of dishes made with seitan, tofu and soy proteins and have been really surprised how tasty they can be made when prepared correctly. Last time I was there I tried the Vege Coconut Shrimp appetizer. It was crazy how much the inside looked like shrimp (color and translucency) and had the exact texture of shrimp. I really had to question whether it was shrimp. Anyway, totally worth a visit!
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,7/8/2013,53,164,19,9,5>I will keep this review short and sweet: If you do not eat at Santini's you are a bad person. Hands down, the food is amazing, and they're easily the best sandwich shop in the area. Get the Santini fries. They taste of salted guilt and pure bliss.. and a lil' bit of Old Bay. If you're not big on seasoned salt go with the boardwalk or steak fries. Can't go wrong.The Jersey Boy is absolutely nomlicious. Order it. And while you're eating it, you'll think "That fat guy's review I read online was totally right."EDIT: Editing my review to say that, yes, while I love the Jersey Boy I have recently been introduced to Chicken Philly. Being a Philly kid, I had my doubts... but somehow, the Chicken Philly brought a cholesteroled tear to my eye. It's not just good. It's "Oh god, I forgot about my wife and kids for a few moments and found happiness!" good.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/11/2013,7/7/2013,105,208,6,4,4>I've spent many evenings at A-Town.  I really enjoy the atmosphere there, though I have to agree with other reviewers -- recently, this place has become packed!  While I am happy for their successes, being bumped into and pushed around to get a drink generally is not my cup of tea.Recently, Hubby and I decided to try some of their culinary offerings in addition to the many liquid ones we've already had.  We sat at the bar area on a Friday night, but this Friday night had many reserved tables, and what appeared just few staff to take care of it all.  Don't get me wrong, we saw a few waiters and waitresses that were running around busting their tails to take care of the guests (which we definitely appreciated -- great job!!!), we just felt like we came to the wrong place for food.We ordered a couple of rolls of sushi:  the prime rib and godzilla.  I loved the godzilla and will be back to A Town on a Monday night to sample their half price menu.  The prime rib was just ok.  It's a little outside the box to have rib in a roll, but I'm sure it works for others.  We also ordered some calamari and wings.  We enjoyed the calamari over the wings.Overall, our experience was fine.  It was just a wee bit too crowded to enjoy food rather than drinks, but next time we'll just sit at a proper table.I will also update this review when I have a chance to experience their brunch, which looks phenomenal on facebook.  Until then, I'm thinking of you, A Town.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,7/6/2013,25,158,3,7,3>Want to pamper yourself, but don't want to spend $60 or more on a massage? For $25 you can get an amazing foot soak, mug of of hot tea, and a fresh baked,house-made lavender cookie. I went here on my day off because where else are you going to go in the middle of the day when all your friends are at work? And also, sometimes I like to pretend I'm still in LA, so a tea house and "foot sanctuary" really fit that bill.The foot bath exceeded expectations. It had oils and tea and herbs and salts and smelled awesome and felt even better. Your feet are in this kind of metal basin with a textured bottom, with smooth stones so you can rub your feet against the different textures as they soak. Ahhhh...It would be better if they had WiFi and if the foot spa area was a little more secluded. It's just behind a folding screen so you can hear everything going on in the main room, but in the middle of the day almost nobody else is there. WiFi would also encourage people to linger and maybe get hungry enough to order some of the stuff on the menu. It's also really far from any metro, so I ended up undoing whatever positive juju I acquired by walking the 1.2 miles back to the metro, but the experience was so relaxing I sort of didn't care. Also you probably have a car so this shouldn't be an issue for you.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,7/5/2013,15,171,,4,2>I've been a fan of Swing's coffee for several years -- mainly consumed from their DC retail location -- but their new roastery/coffee bar in Del Ray is even better!  Swings is the antithesis of Starbucks. Their roasters are viewable through a large window (I believe they even offer tours), there's a cupping/tasting room, and an industrial-cool coffee drinking room.  Heck, their music even comes from a turntable!  On my first visit to their new location I had a Brazil Poço Fundo pour over -- wonderful! It was as-decribed on the menu, "Sweet, walnut, milk chocolate".  Don't confuse this with a "flavored coffee" -- all of the flavors were naturally-developed during the roasting process. I drank mine there, so it was served in a nice large ceramic cup, complete with saucer.  The coffee drinking room (I'm not sure what they call it, but that's what I call it!) is a largish industrial-like space -- the coffee bar is in the center, a few small tables, a few large (industrial) tables, and a couple retail tables occupy the space.  I don't mean this to sound as negative as it probably does, but the space doesn't have a warm, inviting feel. Instead, it's very utilitarian and in contrast to the nostalgia-ladened atmosphere of Swing's DC retail location on G Street. It's not the type of place you go to use your laptop and sit for hours (I don't know if they even have WiFi). Instead, you go for the excellent coffee (and perhaps conversation).  My only (slight) complaint is they need a larger bike rack.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,7/4/2013,44,188,4,5,4>Definitely coming back to this interesting deli in the future.  4.4999 stars.  Having never been to NY (yet!), I can't comment about how it compares to this or that in relation to NY..... but for a simple man from good ol' VA, I can say confidently that I am a fan of this place so far.  So, without further ado, my Chutzpah story:I stopped in for a quick lunch since I was in the area.  Upon entering I saw a sign at the door clearly directing traffic; full table service to the left and takeout to the right.  Since I was a first timer and wanted to look over the menu pretty good and the alternative was eating in my car, I happily opted for the table service.The gentleman who greeted me with a menu took my drink order and asked me as if I was some kind of NY deli native, "pickles and coleslaw?".... without thinking twice about what he was even asking me, I said YES SIR!  No one in my life has ever greeted me with the question pickles and coleslaw.... and now I'm kind of mad about that because its the most awesome greeting ever!  I am clearly a fan of pickles and coleslaw....Well, after committing the extensive menu to memory, I painstakingly fingered "The Miser" as my lunch -- (a split and grilled knockwurst with grilled onions and a potato Knish on the side).  Decided thusly because I'm pretty much a miser; I wanted to try a knish; and the homemade mustard on the table I had been eyeballing wasn't going to eat itself.So in goes the order and out comes the pickles and coleslaw.  DAYUM!  That is some good coleslaw!  I mean, really good coleslaw.  Thanks again Chutzpah for greeting me with Coleslaw and pickles!  Pickle was good too.... but I'm a coleslaw man, and I would come here just for the coleslaw.  When the bill arrived later, I also realized that coleslaw and pickles were complimentary!  Shut the front door! I'm lovin' this place.Next comes out the Miser.  It's about as good as you can expect from a grilled and split knockwurst with grilled onions on top.  It had that signature *snap* when biting into it.  The onions were soft and sweet as grilled onions should be and the bun held it all in place.  The homemade mustard on the table was a homerun as well.  A little sweet and packed with flavor -- made me want to throw the ketchup out the window because no one coming here should need it.  The potato knish was also good.  I don't know much about knishes, but I feel like I should get to know them better.  It was like a mound of mashed potatoes fried on just the outside.  It was delicious; as delicious as a mound of fried potatoes wants to be.All throughout the meal (which I felt like I was eating with 3 arms and 4 forks), the waiter was doing an excellent job ensuring I was satisfied with my meal and keeping my drink filled.  He even offered me a to-go cup without my asking for it; which I declined, but dang, great service!So, in closing, like I stated before the story, I will definitely be back to try one of their corned beef sandwiches most likely and possibly some breakfast.  If the experience is as good... I'm going to have to bump them to 5 stars fo'sho.Thanks Chutzpah.  you's got all the Chutzpah with a side of complimentary coleslaw on top!  whatever that means....
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,7/3/2013,34,168,,2,3>A great Italian restaurant in Vienna?  Went here after a long day traveling for dinner.  Didn't have to wait long for a table.  The server is very attentive and know the food very well.  We ordered Mussels for appetizer and that is the BEST that we ever had.  The broth is so good that you want to drink it all. For entree, I ordered the Zuppa Di Pesce and, that too, is excellent.  Other entrees that were ordered Filleto Di Spogola and Agnello in Crosta.  Those were excellent also.  We were so stuff that we didn't try any dessert. Maybe next time.So, great food, great services, and great prices will keep me coming back here for more.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2013,7/2/2013,195,115,,3,2>Hubby and I have been to Monty's a couple of times and I have been in for lunch a few times. I have never been disappointed... EVER... the Crab & Corn Bisque is always delish... I will make a special trip out for that alone. I have had the Bone-in Filet with the Roasted Garlic Jus and it melted in my mouth! I tried to eat it all but it got the better of me. I know the arguments about the cut of meat and all... but it was still cheaper than some of the chains, and the quality was equal, with great service and came with 2 great sides as a part of my meal rather than paying stand alone prices.  The French Dip sandwich, again a great lunch choice. nothing that stands out about it, but nothing bad. However, the Croque Monsieur is amazing, ham, Gruyere with Bechamel sauce seared to perfection... piled high I might add... Dessert... one word Heaven... Creme Brulee is the best I have ever tasted!!! And that's all I have to say about that!The staff are as good as the food too, Ari and Reynaldo are the best we have had there... superb service!!!!
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,7/1/2013,333,669,,4,2>I still love this place for my greek food fix. I changed up my order this time and had the plaka salad with plaka gyro meat. I have to order dairy free but like that the menu breaks down how each meal can be gluten, dairy and egg free. However, I think it is funny that to make a gyro gluten free you would need to under it minus the wrap. haha The salad was good but I would recommend seeing about getting the dressing on the side. It was swimming in the dressing towards the bottom and I am personally not a fan of that. Also the salad comes with pita wedges!! Score!Be sure to check in here on Yelp and receive 10% off your bill.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,6/30/2013,34,450,4,8,5>Is the burger craze over yet?  No?  Really?  Okay, well, when it is over, can Freddy's stick around? That coffee custard shake by itself is worth the trip...(The burger is good too; patties mashed thin on the griddle are a little crunchy around the outside, with a nice sear giving them a little flavor.  The fries are fine; although I have to admit that I much prefer steak or boardwalk to shoestring, these are at least well done shoestrings that are fresh and hot)Also, some of the early reviewers have called out the service as being slow, but that happens with any new restaurant, and there has been a marked improvement over the last month so we've been perfectly happy with it!
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,1/4/2014,443,442,4,8,6>Best crepes in town!Oby Lee is an awesome chill spot in Clarendon. Make sure you have reservations if you're going Thurs-Sat, but my 3 friends and I went on a Wednesday and no reservations were needed. While browsing the menu, I salivated at everything. As entrees, they have savory crepes, quiches, and crostinis. Although these might not sound filling, the portion sizes are decent. My favorites were the bacon avocado crostinis and the CHICKEN PESTO QUICHE. For dessert, they have crepes with almost every combo imaginable! We tried the bavarian banana (which turned out to be a little heavy/too sweet), apple crisp (yum), and my favorite, the BANANA & STRAWBERRY NUTELLA CREPE (you have to order this!)You order the food at the counter and have to pick it up from the side when they call it out, but they'll clear your table if you have finished plates.The owner, Oby Lee, is very friendly and accommodating. My friends and I stayed for about 3 hours so he brought out mini dessert fraps for us on the house!There's also HH Tues-Friday from 4-7PM where you can get $5 sangrias/wine drinks and $5 crostinis!Overall, Oby Lee offers delicious food at reasonable prices with great personable customer service... I will definitely be back soon!
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,1/3/2014,520,1346,4,11,9>This lovely market is next to the eponymous restaurant and is perfect for all of your Asian cooking needs.  I had found some interesting recipes, but did not feel like trekking out to H Mart, so I decided to visit.  This market had everything that I needed (with the exception of udon) and at great prices, too.  The market is actually a decent size, and is packed with items.  Staff was helpful.  Also, there is a hot food bar - I picked up some yummy satay over rice.   Definitely a great place to purchase some specialty products and/or prepared food!
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2013,1/2/2014,146,515,1,4,5>I've got a love/hate relationship with Jackson's, which I realize is a weird intro to a 5-star review. The truth is that every time I've been to Jackson's I have loved everything about the food and the service. I'm typically not a huge fan of the GAR restaurants, but Jackson's is an exception. The hate comes in because they simply get WAY crowded during lunch and happy hour. But if you're smart and go during a non-peak time you'll get an excellent dining experience and one of the best values for your food dollar among the pricey RTC restaurants.I've tried many times to get my wife to go to Jackson's with me, but have scared her off with stories of the large crowds at lunch and in the evening. But a couple of weeks back my wife and I had to run some morning errands and then she was going to drop me off at my office in Reston. We got into Reston at about 11AM, and I sold her on the fact that this is the PERFECT time to hit up Jackson's. She bought, and we arrived a little after 11 to a mostly empty and stunningly quiet restaurant.  Jackson's has a nice variety of selections on the menu, including several options that fit with our low-carb diets. But all of that goes out the window when they bring the bread to the table. Those little donut-like things are like bread crack. And the deviled eggs are awesome - $8 for a half-dozen for an appetizer is reasonable, but when they say "with sugar-cured bacon" they don't just mean in the eggs - they give you two pieces of this sweet, pork-candy goodness.We both did big salads for entrees, and Jackson's has an awesome selection with the option of adding protein to any of them. My wife ordered a chopped house salad with beef added and raved about how well-seasoned and perfectly cooked the filets were. I went with the short-smoked salmon salad ... every GAR restaurant serves their version of this salad, but Jackson's is a little bit different, and better. The salmon has a great smokiness to it (although my wife thought it was a bit over-powering for her pallet) and it comes with another of those awesome deviled eggs. And add goat cheese for a $1 - yes please!My wife and I enjoyed our meals thoroughly and thought that it was reasonably priced, especially for RTC. But she started to see the "hate" part of my Jackson's relationship when it got to be about 11:45 and the lunch patrons flocked in. Quicker than a hiccup, Jackson's was packed. Later that week we went to The Counter for restaurant week and parked in the attached garage and exited near Jackson's. My wife was shocked at the crowded bar at the tail end of happy hour, and the patrons stumbling out of there. And I honestly don't see what the fuss is about for happy hour. Their beer selection is mostly pedestrian.  Sure, they have their house-branded pale ale and lager. (Made by the Sweetwater brewmasters I assume. I've had neither - I'm not much of a lager person, but I hear the pale ale is pretty good.) Outside of that, it's your usual wannabe hipster craft and import selection. (Blue Moon, Sam Adams, Guinness, Stella) I guess the attraction is the outdoor bar where all the 40-somethings are reliving their better days at Jimmy Buffett concerts. Despite that bit of haterade, I do love Jackson's enough to give them 5-stars ... just as long as I go before the lunch crowd or in-between lunch and happy hour.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,1/1/2014,105,208,2,5,3>MM MM good. I have been wanting to try some of the fresh seafood the mid-atlantic has to boast for awhile.  I was feeling a bit crabby the other day, so Hubby offered me some fresh crab!After reading several of the reviews, we thought it best to call ahead for a reservation on Sunday afternoon - they told us not to worry, to come on in. It was pretty empty for  a beautiful Sunday afternoon, but it was also competing with a Redskins game. I digress.I was really excited to finally use the hammer and butter sauce and stuff my face while working for it, and it delivered. Our waiter was prompt, provided great service, and good info.  Hubby says we should only get jumbo crab, but the QD only had regular. Rather than back down, we got them anyway. Luckily (I'm told), they were still very meaty and quite fun (in my opinion) to hammer open.  I enjoyed the Old Bay seasoning that gave it a bit of a kick and the freshness I could taste with each crab. We ordered a half dozen crabs along with an order of the mini crab cakes, which were so meaty and delicious!  Add a side of fries, and we were really full during the rest of NFL-day.  Both of us really enjoyed the crab and service at Quarterdeck, and though my first time, I am sure we will be back!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,12/31/2013,50,340,6,5,4>Now that I'm in my 30's, my definition of going out as changed drastically. I still enjoy conversing over drinks and getting all dolled up. What I don't enjoy is crowded bars with freshly minted 21 year olds bumping and grinding against me and spilling beer down my back. As my good friend Roger Murtaugh would say, "I'm getting too old for this sh..." I just want to go out and catch up with friends somewhere other than our couches once in awhile. Away from babies, husbands, boyfriends, pets, etc.We picked Screwtop because it was long on my Places to Check Out list. I was not disappointed. We arrived around 7 on a Saturday night without reservations. I was a little surprised at how small the bar actually is but it was buzzing. We were able to snag the end of an empty community table. Our server was quick to greet us and was so helpful when we weren't sure what to order. He brought out some samples to taste as well.I should probably note that I've never been to a dedicated wine bar. This was pretty fancy for me, yet the atmosphere was casual and the ambiance was buzzing. I loved it. In lieu of an actual dinner, my friends and I decided to split 3 appetizers. If we wanted to stay, we'd order more, but we found the appetizers filled us up pretty well. The food was amazing and the wine paired perfectly with them, thanks to our server.We had a great time, the service was impeccable, the atmosphere was vibrant and cool. It was a perfect way to spend girls' night out. I will definitely be a repeat customer.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,12/30/2013,110,193,,8,3>I've known about Mokomandy for quite some time.  Initially, some other foodie friends of mine had mentioned about how cool it sounded and how we should go try it.  Then later, some other friends of mine had actually tried it and recommended that I go try it as well.  So finally, last night, on a spur of the moment hunger quest, I made the decision to finally try some Modern Korean by Mandy with three of my friends.  A little over an hour after we arrived, we had all reached the same conclusion....WOW.I don't even know where to start with Moko, everything we ate was delicious.  I suppose I'll go with the favorites.  We constantly asked our waiter all evening what some of his favorite dishes were.  He recommended the Modern Korean Scallops (the most popular dish here according to him) and after eating it, I think we all agreed it was the best dish of the night.  The sweet scallops, seared the perfection sitting on top of a thin slice of sweet potato with a pea puree, orange essence, and foam all combining to fill the plate...made this the most flavorful plate I've eaten in a long time.  We also ordered the fish of the day which happened to be a tile fish (similar to rockfish).  While the fish itself wasn't amazing by comparison with the scallops, the buttery sauce that it was cooked in was incredible.  And the hash that came with the fish completed the exquisite dish.  Among our other favorite dishes of the night, I would say the foie gras dumplings were one of my personal favorites.  It was one of the most delicious appetizers I've ever eaten and one of the best presentations of foie gras.  Other standouts during our meal were the Shrimp and Grits, the Steak Frites, and the Chicken Fried Wagyu Steak.Of all the dishes, the only one that somewhat disappointed me was the poutine.  And actually, the poutine wasn't that bad, it's just that by comparison to poutine that I've eaten up north, it just doesn't match others that I've tried.  I think it was the cajun flavor and the sausage that had me confused.  Nonetheless, it was good poutine, just not my favorite.All in all, the four of us can't wait to return here again.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,12/29/2013,83,195,3,6,3>Oh yesss...the most legit tacos that I've had in Virginia. It's a bit of a trek to Hybla Valley so it's best to go earlier rather than later. There is a really cool home cooking kind of vibe as soon as you walk in this place. The outside may not seem welcoming but trust me, the people who run this place are so nice!This is the first place that I've been to in the DC area that you can get tasty tacos loaded with good quality meat for $2.20 a piece. They also had melon and tamarind drinks which sounded like they would be sweet and refreshing.On each taco, I recommend the chopped onions, cilantro, and lime...the standard, just keep it simple and it tastes great. The carne asada taco was filled with juicy bits of steak which was even better with a dash of salt. I had a chorizo taco and the chorizo was a nice crumbly lightly fried flavor packed bite! I had both the green and the red sauces from the salad bar and I liked the red one better but be warned, it is spicy. The bar allows you to put as much onions/sauce/etc. or as little as you like!I can't wait to come back and try some of that carne asada on a sope....mmm!Even Diana D., a California native, put her stamp of approval on the authenticity and value of these tacos...so you know it has to be the real deal!
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,12/28/2013,180,1695,2,7,3>I scored free tickets to the first-ever preview (their premier is scheduled for this Saturday) of Alfred Hitchcock's 'The 39 Steps' play.  Based on the novel by John Buchan, the play was a combination of 'high speed chases, murder, mistaken identities, and romance.'  I am a huge fanatic of espionage and all of that spy stuff, so this was a real treat.  The performances of the 4 actors (Nick Rose, Evan Crump, James Finley, and Emily Levey) were AMAZING, and I laughed my heart out!  The theater itself is very nice and clean, cute and very artsy, and a great alternative to theaters existing in the NoVA area - the cute little rolling concession stand is available after the performance so you can munch on the snacks (like the Cheddar Popcorn) on your way out so the theater is kept clean (a great idea, I thought!). I am definitely interested in watching more shows at this place.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2013,12/27/2013,103,279,,6,4>I was bummed when the previous tenant vacated the space (they had our favorite lau thai hot pot in Eden), but was pleasantly surprised by the new kids on the corner block.They upgraded the TVs and will certainly attract the drinking and sports crowd. We went for dinner but the lunch specials look pretty darn good. They have the usual menu offerings but also do skewers of grilled meats, seafood, veggies and the like. Will have to give those a shot next time around. Hubs and I split the grilled lobster, grilled clams and bo luc lac (shaky beef) on a nice early fall evening on the patio. The quality of meat has definitely improved. Big plus there. The lobster were tasty but seem to have been frozen - maybe I am mistaken? Clams were tasty, as well. Not sure about the french fries on the bo luc lac - I've only seen that on saltado/Salvadorian meat plates. I was super duper pleased to see the lobster and bo luc lac served with muoi tieu chanh - the lime, salt and pepper dipping sauce. We usually ask for a ton of limes to make our own. All in all a great spot - I'm sure we'll be back when I'm tired of cooking :)
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2013,12/26/2013,63,182,,4,5>I also don't get some of the lower reviews for this place.  I have been meaning to try it for a while as it is the ONLY Vietnamese spot in Burke.  I finally tried it Saturday for take-out.  The owner greeted me and it seemed like there were a lot of regulars in the place.  She greeted one customer who came in after me by name and called out his order before he even sat down.  That's my kind of service right there!  I ended up ordering the large #2(don't judge, I needed the miracle Pho hangover cure), eye of round and flank steak, and it came out so fast that I don't know why I haven't been stopping by here to pick up lunch all of the time.  I wouldn't say it is necessarily the greatest pho of all time, but it was delicious and definitely hit the spot.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,5/26/2013,706,347,3,13,10>I have been meaning to visit the Majestic for a full fledge sit down dinner since I thoroughly enjoyed my impromptu experience at the bar this past summer.For dinner, the restaurant appears to offer staggered seating. They were booked at 5:30 pm but at 6:30 pm it was still not crowded. I assume that's their way of ensuring they can serve the food in a timely manner. Cocktails - I started out with my favorite cocktail which I finally discovered is 1 oz St. Germaine, 1 oz gin and 1 oz fresh lemon. It was just as tasty as I remembered. It tastes like how I imagine a lemon drop should taste, but for some reason never really does. Everyone else at the table drank beer or wine. Starters - My friend had a Caesar salad made table side with anchovy paste, red vinegar, garlic, parmesan, prepared dressing and real anchovies. This is apparently a popular choice, but we agreed that the red vinegar overwhelmed the salad. My other friend had the calamari as a starter and was happy with his choice. Main course - the main courses turned out well. My friends had the Amish chicken and the steak. I had the veggie plate with spinach, mushrooms, green beans, peas, carrots, and a fried green tomato. This was my first fried green tomato experience and I will definitely be back for more. It tasted like a fresh onion, instead of a tomato. Dessert - we had the key lime pie (not as tart as I would have expected), coconut cake (one slice is enough to feed several people) and my fave - the apple cider, cinnamon, and cranberry sorbet, which tasted exactly like Trader Joe's spiced cider - a winter must-have. They also gave me a little surprise packet of homemade fudge for my birthday - thanks! Service was satisfactory. The staff was not particularly friendly and appeared to be chuckling at our requests or questions.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,5/25/2013,153,102,1,4,5>5 stars for customer service.Continental is a very chill place to go. I was just here again for a friends birthday over the weekend and I really appreciate  when theres good customer service. Katie, the manager is soo nice and very accommodating, she made sure that all was right for my friends birthday. I enjoyed being at Continental because the bartender Megan was awesome! She recommeded great drinks and has a great sense of humor. Megan recommended me the "grape soda" awesome drink, made delicious. She didn't just give you the typical "what do you want" she joked, laughed, made sure we were taken care of and a sweet heart too. We had reserved the back room where Josh took care of us and he was super attentive and made many rounds back to check on every single person in the room. Really nice and also looked like he enjoyed being there. He was very upbeat and we order the cheese fries and later on that night the fried pickles. TRY IT! It was really good! Not soggy but actually crispy and came with a great sauce. Continental- You will be seeing me more often.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,5/24/2013,167,251,2,5,2>Authentic Chinese food in Vienna?!?  Open until 2 AM when everything else within a 10-mile radius closes at 9 PM?  A-mazing.  I will admit that the prices are a little bit high, but I guess that comes from the Vienna real estate and the fact that there is no good Chinese food in this area.Hand pulled noodles are a definite plus and they are done the authentic way.  The broths vary in quality, but the noodles are delicious--chewy and al-dente just the way they were intended to be.  I'd like to try some of the other broths but I haven't had a chance to yet.I have also had the duck and taro casserole and it was phenomenal!  The taro was cooked perfectly--soft but not squishy and it was a perfect complement to the saltiness of the duck.  Definitely a favorite of mine and I will be back to order it again!I know they just opened but I hope they stick around and keep their late hours because I love eating late!  I just wish their prices were a bit more appropriate.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,5/23/2013,49,128,2,8,2>A family run restaurant that is a nice change of pace from all the standard fare in Woodbridge - tradish Cajun food!!!! These are recipes and dishes that have been in their family for many generations. I tried about 6-7 things on the menu the other night and my bill was still was below $40! My favs are the red beans and rice, gumbo, shrimp po boy, okra, greens, and dirty rice and I will def be heading back soon to tackle the rest of the menu. Not only is the food good, the restaurant is beautifully decorated - many of the pics were taken by the owners on their trips to LA or are old family photos. It's the real deal! And the ABC license will be in soonnnnnn!
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/2/2013,5/22/2013,404,719,4,4,3>Why is it that every season on Hell's Kitchen, Gordon Ramsay has them making beef wellington? I mean who eats that anyway?  I never see it on any menus... which of course gave me the challenge of finding it on a menu.  My boss, who is a foodie, goes, "I bet Le Refuge has it!"  Sure enough.... they do.So my date and I came here.  He got the wellington.  I tried a piece.  I feel like anything wrapped in puff pastry is bound to be amazing.  I had rockfish with crab.  I love crab.  It was ok.  The vegetables were a little weird.... I don't need my carrots pureed into a fancy puff. Just give me some carrots!!I also had the pea soup.  I really enjoyed that.  Also they give you bread.  I'm a fan.As far as the ambiance, it's a very tiny restaurant with not many tables.  They had a little outdoor seating, but this spring hasn't been very conducive to eating outdoors yet. :-(
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,5/21/2013,487,282,1,4,4>I LOVE THIS PLACE. I have been haunting this tiny gem for years now, its hidden in the interior of a strip mall at Eden Center. It's décor doesn't look like much but I am not coming here for ambience, I am coming for the deliciousness that is their food! Before you even walk in the door some people may be taken aback by the hanging animal carcasses of pig and ducks behind glass but that only makes my taste buds water in anticipation.I brought my boyfriend here this past weekend and it looks like I've gotten him hooked too. He was quite taken with the deep fried pork chops and the crunchy pig. He liked their version of eggrolls and the wonton noodle soup too. OH! I also ordered the flat wide rice noodles with beef and black bean sauce... yah... our table was overflowing and near the end our tummies were filled to the brim too with at least 2 more meals leftover. Thank you very much for reasonable prices and portion a plenty. Did I mention the offer a large take-out menu too, for any kind of celebration you can come here for that whole baby pig that's been flying through your dreams. *drool*
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,5/20/2013,94,100,5,10,9>I'm driving down a busy street that has 3 lanes on either side.  I see McDonald's, busy gas station, lots and lots of cars.  I make a right into a street and..... did I just travel back in time?  Here is a tiny little niche of a town that has a very old-town feel nestled right in a busy suburb.  Literally in the middle of lunch, I kept thinking... "Am I just 10 minutes from home?" That's Occoquan for you and exactly why I love this sweet little town.  Hubby took me and our daughter for a Valentine's day lunch at Cock & Bowl. Great Belgian Cuisine. This place is PERFECT for this town.  Small, quaint and a real delicious gem.  The decor and food took me back to when I visited Belgium.  We got the Special Of the Day Soup which was Beer & Cheddar.  It was a slightly bitter veggie soup.  Pretty flavorful and easy to dip your bread in.  GET THE BELGIAN WAFFLES.  Even if you are on a diet.  DITCH THE DIET. This is by far the BEST DECADENT BELGIAN WAFFLE I've EVER HAD!  We ordered the Turtle Belgian Waffles which were huge and fluffy (easily shared by two, but not more because it's that good) topped with whipped cream, chocolate and caramel drizzle and bits of toffee candy.  ................................I'm drooling and sighing as I'm reminiscing right now.  Of course, you can't leave without trying the country's national dish - Moules-Frites.   Their fries were salty, crispy and eaten with mayo (Europeans think it's weird we eat fries with ketchup...when you go to Europe and ask for ketchup with your fries, they'll search thru some mysterious junk drawer for you).  Side note: The two dishes have to be ordered separately Mussels are so damn good.  They bring out a huge bowl.  There's 8 options on the menu for mussels .  We choose the "We are the Champignon" made of mushrooms, garlic, sage, brandy and cream.  Very delicious and slightly bitter.  All the mussels dishes are about 14-15 bucks, very affordable for mussels.  I'm eyeing the "Alpine" for next time because I wanted to try the Gruyere cheese with the mussels.  Jessica was our server and was incredibly helpful, accommodating and sweet. Music was good too! I suggest calling ahead for seating if you coming on a busy night because there are only about 8-9 tables (4 downstairs and 4-5 upstairs).  Very small but worth the wait/trip.   They don't do reservations.Cock & Bowl is a special novelty in Occoquan.  Oh! I forgot to mention...did I really forget to mention?  FIFTY PLUS TYPES OF BELGIAN BEERS!!!!!  I don't drink beer so can't really comment on them directly but the bellini was divine!
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,5/19/2013,122,406,,4,2>We dined here with some friends this last Sunday.  We arrived a bit early for the reservation so we decided to wait for our friends at the bar.  It's one of the first things we noticed walking in.  It is quite striking - onyx, lighted underneath.  The hostess confirmed our reservation and took our coats.  We enjoyed a glass of red wine while waiting, but next time I would like to try one of the signature drinks.  The Titanic looked very tasty.We were seated upstairs for dinner.  Sunday, the prix fixe menu is available for $38 per person and include an appetizer, entrée and dessert.  The bucket wines are also served for $5 a glass - basically the wines left over from Friday/Saturday tastings.  A nice way to try a new wine at a very reasonable price. My husband and I never order the same thing so we get to sample more of the dishes offered.  Since he decided to go with the curried cauliflower soup, I ordered the bone marrow.  That was the highlight of my meal.  I had never had bone marrow before, but it was served with a sweet potato jam and grilled ciabatta.  It was very flavorful and I loved every bite.  The soup for me was ok - creamy, but not as flavorful as I would have expected with the curry, rock shrimp and golden raisons.  The other standout for us were the desserts.  My husband had the popcorn ice cream while I had Southern Comfort which was a pecan shortbread served with smoky ice cream and chocolate covered bacon.  It was an inventive and flavorful dessert.  Our entrees were good, rockfish was in my opinion a bit tastier than my husband's short rib, but both were prepared well.At the end of the meal, Jonathon offered to show us the wine cellar.  This was a treat and we thoroughly enjoyed listening to Jonathon talk about the wines the restaurant offered while sipping on the sparkling wine he had poured us.The service was impeccable.  The restaurant and bar are classy and inviting.  I would definitely avoid coming in jeans.  Although the servers were wearing jeans Sunday night, I felt more comfortable in business casual.  I would definitely take advantage of the Sunday prix fixe menu again.  It's a nice way to sample some of the restaurants offerings at a cost savings.  I will definitely be back for that Titanic and more bone marrow!
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,5/18/2013,62,229,,7,4>I have lived a couple of miles away from Port City for over 2 years now, but never paid it a visit.  I changed that this past weekend.  The interior is a tasting room with 2 bars with some tables/seating, plus more seating in their brewing area.  In the tasting room you can do tastings of all their beers, order drafts, or get growlers filled.  When we were there the place was packed, but it didn't seem like there was a long wait to get to try the beers or anything.Port City offers tours Friday-Sunday, and we joined one, which provided a brief overview of their brewing process and bottling.  A tour is only $7, and you get the sampler.  The sampler normally costs $7, so basically the tour is free, if you were already getting the sampler (which I would recommend - the beer is worth trying).The day we visited, they were closing early for a private party so we didn't have time to do a full tasting.  They did explain what was going on, apologize for the inconvenience, and give us a free tasting for the next time we visited.  A little disappointed about not getting to have the full experience, but I thought the staff did a good job, given the situation.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,5/17/2013,17,308,,7,3>Its been tough to find decent sushi places in the Reston area, so we excited to try Nikko Sushi after it opened.  Its nice and cleanly decorated inside, and the staff was extremely friendly and attentive.  We decided to try a variety of dishes.  The gyoza as an appetizer was great, and the house salad was tasty as well.   The sushi was excellent-  very fresh-  I just wish they had a little more selection.  We also got two of the hibachi dishes.  It should be noted its not the typical hibachi set up-  they have one hibachi in back and bring the dishes to your table-  no show here.  But the dishes were excellent.  Also, the prices are pretty reasonable, another huge plus.  Its great to have a good sushi place so close to us, and I look forward to going again!
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,11/10/2013,159,235,5,6,5>House of Fortune is not close to me, but I went there on a recommendation from a co-worker so I could experience real Chinese food.  In order to get around the "General Tso's Chicken and "Chicken Chow Mein", you have to ask for the Chinese menu.  Yes, there is an ancient Chinese secret!  -There is a alternate menu at House of Fortune if you ask for it!On this menu you will find several delectable selections not offered at your typical Chinese carry-out.  Items such as Gold Sands Squid, Fish Head Casserole, Braised Lion Head or Large Intestine with Pickled Cabbage... mmm yum!  Oh seriously...I didn't mean to scare you - these items are only four among a list of 80 different selections that are certainly less adventurous.  I personally tried the Salt & Pepper Pork and it was fantastic!  If you have ever had Filipino sisig then you have an idea of this tangy dish - little bits of crispy pork mixed in with peppers, onions and garlic and spring onions.  Delicious..My weak family went with the Americanized menu but that's ok.  P.S.  You know you are in an authentic Chinese restaurant when you have the word "Appetizers" spelled "Apperizers".  My daughter had a round of laughter over that.  With that being said, we truly enjoyed the Steamed Dumplings, Lo Mein, Combination Fried Rice and Beef Skewers.One last thing to say about House of Fortune.  The people there are great.  There is a bald- headed guy (owner?) that loves to laugh it up with his customers.  He is a truly entertaining fellow.  And the older lady that explained the Chinese menu was very helpful and particularly nice to my son and family.  Great people and a great alternative to the ordinary Chinese restaurant, IF you are willing to be a little adventurous!I hear the soup dumplings are MUST TRY...and intend to come back during the hours they are offered so I can sample what the hubub is all about.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,11/9/2013,231,461,2,11,6>This place is easily one of the best places I have eaten at in the greater NoVA area. My wife and I first stopped in for lunch when we visited while house hunting. I ordered the crab and corn bisque and it was pretty delicious. My sandwich, I believe it was the Croque Madame (Croque Monsieur with a fried egg on top) was awesome! The bread was perfect as it had a nice crisp on the outside yet soft, not rock hard.  We were waited on by Reynaldo who was very knowledgeable of the menu. He was able to tell me things in detail and very attentive. Outstanding service.My wife and I have been back several times since. We are never disappointed with the food. My wife has ordered the Filet Mignon and let me tell you, I am a true believer now. It was perfect. My steak was amazing as well, but that filet was so tender!!! We have had Ari as our server a couple of times as well. This girl is an absolute doll! I mean, adorable. I am not just talking about her looks, it's her personality. She is so likable. She too was very helpful when asking about a couple of menu items and you could see she was confident in explaining the food. Again, outstanding service.Desserts... Crème Brule!!!!!! It is hands down the best I have ever had. It's delicious. They also have a Blueberry Crème Brule but I haven't tried it. I have tried the Tiramisu though and was thoroughly disappointed. The one item I have tried and did not care for. Let me explain though... I am Italian and when it comes to Tiramisu I am very traditional. This is not traditional. It has a spin and for that, I will give them credit. That is just my opinion and just because I didn't like doesn't mean it isn't any good. Well, you can't go wrong at lunch time. You can't go wrong with the steak or the soups and if you ask to be seated with Reynaldo or Ari, you will be taken care of. I can't speak highly enough about this place. As a foodie and someone who has eaten the world over (literally, Germany, Italy, Ireland, Yemen, Iceland... the list goes on) I find this place makes my palate do the happy dance. Another thing, if the fact it is in a Strip Mall bothers you that much, step down off your high horse and actually give it a shot (that, or just don't eat there and miss out on awesome meal). I cannot believe people are bashing this place because it's in a strip mall. Seriously?
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,11/8/2013,27,180,2,4,5>Yesterday was Fathers Day, & even though my husband is only a "step-father" to many furred, feathered, & finned "kids", we decided to visit Iron Bridge for dinner - especially since they were running a Fathers Day special where adult males who visited with at least one other guest, & all ordered entrees, "dad's" entrée was FREE.  Really a nice deal.  This would also be our first visit since the restaurant changed ownership several months ago.Arrived promptly for our 6:30 reservation & were seated immediately.  And at one of their two window alcove tables for two overlooking old-town Warrenton Main Street, which I consider the best seats in the house.We started off with two Tanqueray & Tonics ($7 ea.), served in elegant narrow tall glasses, garnished with the requisite lime (although we were asked if we'd prefer lemon), & perfectly potent.  Were also brought 2 squares of crusty foccacia bread in a slick of extra-virgin olive oil for dipping.  Very nice.Hubby didn't feel like having a starter, but one of the day's specials was "Gazpacho" ($9), & since I'm somewhat of a Gazpacho whore. . . .  It was delicious!  Perfectly balanced flavors instead of the frequent too much garlic or too much cucumber, etc., etc., that one often gets with this lovely summer soup. And instead of the usual big chunks of veggie, this one was finely processed.  Not exactly a puree, but relatively smooth.  Finished with what appeared to be a touch of extra-virgin olive oil & had just a little bit of "zip".  Extra nice touch?  Served in a large icy-chilled soup plate.  Perfect.For entrees, hubby ordered the Cioppino ($27.00), which consisted of 6-8 mussels, one or two sea scallops, 2-3 jumbo shrimp, & pieces of some type of white fish in a savory tomatoey broth.  Served with several slices of grilled sour dough bread to do justice to that lovely broth.  He cleaned it up.  I went for yet another of the day's specials, the Sea Bass ($35).  A nice portion of perfectly cooked Sea Bass filet, served leaning against a mold of  aromatic Jasmine rice, with a small pool of creamy saffron-infused sauce.  Small portion of sautéed whole-leaf spinach completed the plating.  With our meals we also ordered & enjoyed a bottle of Caposaldo Prosecco ($26), which was properly chilled & served in an ice bucket/cooler, along with elegant flutes.For dessert, hubby chose the fabulous Crème Brulee ($9) that we've enjoyed here several times before.  I decided to try something different, & went with the chocolate Pot de Crème ($9).  The Crème Brulee (with its chocolate ganache bottom & topped with a fresh strawberry, raspberry, & blackberry) was wonderful as always.  My Pot de Crème - while rich & delicious, & served with 2 buttery shortbread cookie bars - was NOT a Pot de Crème at all.  Rather it appeared to be the exact same chocolate ganache served at the bottom of the Crème Brulee.  Pot de Crème is an intensely- flavored, but VERY soft & delicate custard.  This was intensely-flavored stiff chocolate ganache in a cup.  Good, but the chef needs to look up "Pot de Crème" & rethink offering this dessert as one.  Either offer an authentic Pot de Crème, or change the name of this dessert.Service (by "Sarah S.) was everything service should be - even with it being a busy Fathers Day.  She was knowledgeable, attentive, & friendly without being cloying or overbearing.  Bill after husband's entrée was deducted but before tax & tip came to $100 even.  The ambience, food, & charming service made it worth every penny.Bottom line:  Nice to see that nothing has changed with new ownership.  Looking forward to many more visits.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,11/7/2013,142,133,,5,5>So if you haven't already figured it out I have officially become a fan of Peruvian cuisine. And I'm going take a second just to give my buddy Darren N. a big THANK YOU for introducing me to Peruvian cuisine.  So it was that time again when my wife and I wanted something to either but neither of us felt like cooking. We were both uncertain of what we wanted to eat. So we began to deliberate and during our deliberation I happened to mention one of the Peruvian restaurant's that I like to frequent, which was Guapo's. However, but because that restaurant was tad bit to far for me to drive my wife ended I suggesting this place and asked if I wanted to try this place since she knew how much of a Peruvian fan I was and I answered ABSOLUTELY especially after reading such good reviews of this place on Yelp, and come on it, was Peruvian (Had to try this place out since I've become an official fan of Peruvian).Let me just say that I now have three different Peruvian places to go to whenever I'm in the mood for that sort of cuisine. I mean as soon as you walk into this small little Peruvian you are immediately hit with a great aroma of Peruvian cuisine. I was completely satisfied with everything I ordered from the delicious 1/4 chicken (white meat) which was very flavorful and very moist. The platanos reminded me of how my family makes them. Cooked to where it has a grilled look but is still soft and sweet. Just delicious. And the rice was awesome and accompanied the other items perfect as well as the taste. This place is an absolute must visit if your in the area and looking for Peruvian cuisine. And to top it off it isn't that expensive. Just a heads up this place isn't that big so seats will be limited if it is packed in here so strongly suggest to get your food to go, and to have an alternate place for you to sit down and eat.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,11/6/2013,60,108,3,8,4>Humbled.  That's how I felt after my very first boxing class.  I signed up that very day.  It's only been a week and I am hooked.  I've only taken the boxing classes with Julian (who I will refer to as Satan number 2 by the way--I have a strength coach who is referred to as Satan 1), and Stacy.  Both are phenomenal!!!  I can't wait to try the kickboxing classes.  When my friend referred me and "forced" me to try a class for free, I seriously thought it was going to be like Billy Blanks Tae Bo or Les Mills Bodycombat class.  Boy was I wrong!!!  It was everything but!  I knew my life was over when I thought that we were getting into the workout, but in reality, it was just the warm up.  (I mean this in a very good way).  Then there is the "ten round" actual class.....and then some.  It's like you are having your own sparring match with the boxing bag.  The instructors are wonderful, motivating, and just awesome!  The staff are very friendly and encouraging.  This was totally out of my element which had me second guessing myself when I signed up.  I'm now glad I did.  I have a lot of knee issues and had several knee surgeries which limits me from doing too much jumping or running.  The instructors find modifications and will work with you.   I hate hate hate HATE any type of "cardio".  Why?  Because it's so damn boring.  But I think I have found my niche here at Title Boxing.  Seriously, try out a class for free and you will see what I am talking about.  Sign up!
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,11/5/2013,85,679,3,8,7>Many classes to choose from including Blacklight Zumba, Yoga, XXX Hip hop.  Bokwa, and Bollywood Workout.  They change the schedule up occasionally and do offer master classes at times too.  They even offer Zumba parties... aswell as Zumba for kids!     Great studio and fantastic concept. I love the feel of the studio.  Blacklight Zumba and XXX Hiphop classes.    I love the idea of a blacklight studio.  The feel of the studio kinda makes me feel like I was back in my college days at a club....only much cleaner.  :)   As always with fitness classes try more than one instructor.  You will find some motivate you more than others.  Some are easier to follow than other...or you just like the personality of some better.  I haven't tried them all here but I enjoy Tiffany's and Alexa's classes.  Prices are decent...especially if you buy a larger amount in advance.  I bought a 20 class pass for $100.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,11/4/2013,418,262,7,9,11>I always want to have my cake and eat it, too. At Plaka Grill, I can have just that. How, you ask? A meatastic gyro stuffed with perfectly seasoned french fries. You are probably confused and even stressed when looking at this masterpiece since its size is overwhelming, but close your eyes, attack at either end, and you'll no longer suffer from hurricane season S.A.D.  The Chicago gyro was my first and might be my only choice (call me boring, but try it, and you'll understand) on future visits. The gyro meat is a combination of lamb, beef, and spices. I was fearful the meat might be dry since this has been the case at many establishments, but no, it was as tender as can be, especially when compared to the pork alternatives Plaka gyro (marinated medallions), pork souvlaki (chunks), and Loukaniko (sausage). The gyro meat is accompanied by lettuce, tomato, onion, and tzatziki sauce. I am contemplating getting grabbing a Plaka gyro for dinner as I write this.I was able to try a dessert with the most complicated name, ever: galaktoboureko. It's an orange-flavored custard-filled phyllo pastry that is drenched in syrup. Very tasty, but since it is pretty sweet, I'd recommend sharing it. The only downside to this establishment is its location. It's off that part of Maple Ave which also houses two other establishments I love: Sushi Yoshi and Lotus Garden. Do you understand what a dilemma it is when you drive a long way here and must pick only one spot for a meal? #firstworldproblems
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2013,11/2/2013,45,864,2,5,2>This is a wonderful place for walking (including with pets), having picnics, and exploring a little history.  Paths wind through the old fort, and a mostly one-lane road with several parking areas runs around it.  Several picnic areas have benches, and at least one -- maybe two -- have pavilions and can be rented.  There's a playground, as well as an impressive amphitheater.  Walls and berms remain from the old fort, along with cannon and a few restored storage areas to give you the sense of how the fort operated.  The area's history is captured in the museum, which is closed on Mondays, and throughout the park on signs explaining the fort and early settlers on and around the park grounds.  (At one point, there's also an area that seems to indicate that it's the site of a cemetery, based on a sign describing the site, but no other markers.  The guided path seemed to run straight through this area, but I quickly found a way to walk around this area as I don't like walking over graves, marked or unmarked.)
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2013,11/1/2013,567,346,2,4,2>Explicitly knowing by growing up with, enjoying them most of her life, and retaining the desire to acquire fine Mexican 'dulces' - baked goods are difficult to come by when seeking 'real' Mexican stuff.  My wife and I travel the country considerably, and we rarely will find a place with the selection, product quality, taste and variety Panaderia El Molino (PEM) in Manassas offers.  From the Great Northwest, to the Southwest and Southeast, few Mexican Bakeries can boast what PEM can!  She is only glad that the bakery is not conveniently around the corner, as this way, she can keep it as an occaisional treat!  Highly recommended if you're looking for the real thing.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,10/31/2013,64,823,,6,3>Momo narrowly wins the title of favorite sashimi platter in Alexandria.  It doesn't look like the best option at first - only 16 pieces of fish for $29.00, coming out to a cost per piece of $1.81, more expensive than most of the other options around Old Town.  But boy, is that sashimi amazing.  This is some of the freshest, largest sashimi I have had, and there is usually a good variety on the plate.  The highlight of the platter is the raw scallop - it melts in your mouth and is just incredible.  I thought I hated scallops raw until I had it here.  If freshness matters to you as much as price/quantity ratio I definitely recommend it!  The restaurant is very small, but bright and not too loud and service is fast.  And it is next to Bilbo Baggins to top off the meal with a beer!
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2014,7/26/2014,162,13,8,12,8>Comparing Waku to "other" Peruvian Pollo Places is simple.... It's just another Pollo Place! Several good points that make me like it a tad bit more:1. The pollo here is legit and up on my personal fav list about numerous 4. Multiple visits confirm crispy skin, tons of flavor and super moist. 2. The place is clean and spacious! Compared to my two all time favorite pollo joints Waku plays this note much better! You can enjoy your casual dining experience here. 3. Waku uses "Quality" plastic utensils; ha ha. I'm serious though, your knife and fork won't break or melt when eating here (pet pewve). 4. Easily accessible to the western burbs locals... Can be there in 15 mins. I will say their sauces aren't the traditional of EPR or SC so you may or may not like them better. The yellow sauce has a powerful garlic contingent so beware. Lastly, I would avoid the Chaufa rice as a side,  1 star at best. If you want Arroz Chaufa then order from the menu and it is a formal dish and the quality is night and day to what they serve as a side. Buen Provecho Amigos...
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2014,7/25/2014,55,681,5,8,5>You can never know what to expect from a BBQ chain location in the DC area but this place has legit BBQ with large portions and very friendly service.I had the two meat combo with beef brisket and pulled pork. Both are quite good and lean but I give a slight edge to the brisket as it's tender enough to not even need a knife and has that smoky, charred taste you want in BBQ. I like their sauces as well, all are red tomato based and their spicy one has some kick that doesn't overpower the flavor. They should consider adding a mustard based sauce as well. As for the sides, the fried okra is quite tasty. It might be frozen (not sure) but is hot, fresh, and a little salty in a good way. They cook it fresh so you aren't getting leftovers under a heat lamp. The jalapeño beans are a unique side and are pinto beans in a spicy sauce. If you like heat, these are a must try.No BBQ place is complete without real iced tea and their sweet tea is up to par. It's not too sweet and is real tea, no fake stuff here.After a massive meal that almost requires a nap, I also had a free ice cream cone from their soft serve stand. Maybe they can throw up a few hammocks out front for food coma induced napping?The place is small but they have seating outside as well. They weren't too busy on a Sunday afternoon, but I'm guessing it can be crowded at lunchtime on a weekday. This place is a bit of a trek from Arlington but good BBQ is always worth it so I'll be back.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,7/24/2014,498,437,7,11,8>I will not say how much I spent when I first found this place. Keeping my mouth shut. Closed. Nope won't do it....Over $70....... :X AND this was after my regular weekly grocery shopping. After 8 months of living in VA, I think I was just more excited to find a little of my culture in the area. Okay... More specifically, I was just excited to find me some bagoong for some of my home made dishes. Aaaaaand was able to pick up some frozen longanisa and tocino. Happy Mari! Just to add some cherries to my sundae, they have a small turo turo joint towards the back. I'm not a fan of buying dishes I normally cook at home but for some I don't cook, I was excited! Beef caldereta, pancit, dinuguan, and lechon kiwali... All pretty good! I have yet to try their Bangui sisig. Give them ten minutes to cook this! Thank YOU Filipino Global!
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,7/23/2014,86,120,4,9,7>All moms need Yoga Birth and Beyond! Especially first timers. In prenatal yoga, Sharon taught us more about birth than we would have learned in any birthing class. Her classes are an excellent value because they are very intimate, comfortable and congenial. It's a safe space to share your secrets, fears and ask any question you have about pregnancy, birth, babies, and parenting. As a birth doula who seemed to have experienced every birth situation imaginable, if Sharon doesn't have the answer, she can refer you to the right place/person. She frequently tries to hook up expecting moms who are having similar problems - an acupuncturist for prenatal rib dysfunction in NoVA? No problem...she knows someone or knows someone who knows someone - and she will make sure that your concern is addressed by the next class. Sharon's vast network is at your disposal and her classes create an atmosphere where you feel connected to everyone in your class and even other concurrent classes. It's a Yoga Birth and Beyond community and Sharon makes you feel like you are one of her doula clients. By the last class, it will be hard to say goodbye. After reading Happiest Baby on the Block by Dr. Harvey Karp, I realized how much better my life would have been if I had taken Sharon's Understanding Your Newborn class. With every chapter of that book, the quality of life of my family improved incrementally. Without Sharon having mentioned her expertise in Happiest Baby, I would not have known to borrow this book from the library. During prenatal yoga class, we learned a few different swaddling techniques  -  one facet of Happiest Baby. Swaddling helped my baby sleep longer, making the first few weeks more bearable. But now that I am familiar with the calming methods and understand the theory behind it, I feel much more confident and in control of my baby's crying. We even went to my sister's graduation and he was "an angel" - no one could believe this was the same baby whose cries had kept me up all night a few weeks earlier.Now, regarding the yoga portion, it is definitely for beginners. Very gentle and slow-paced, which is appropriate for the vast majority of her students. I had just come from a more "athletic" prenatal yoga class filled with experienced yoga practitioners. That said, if you are used to faster pace and/or particular about technique and getting critical feedback on your form, might be a little disappointed. Unlike an athletic yoga class, you will not be sweating or out of breath...I was frequently late to the fast paced class so I would have a better chance of making it to the end. If you are looking to sweat and burn calories, I would suggest also taking a prenatal yoga or pilates class at a yoga studio. The athletic style is helpful in relieving and preventing pregnancy related discomfort, but Sharon's class is a much better value, holistically.Anyway, the other reviews are all true - I even recognize people from class by their names and I'm not good with names. I spent some nights in the hospital at the end of my pregnancy and missing class was the most upsetting aspect of my hospitalization. Thanks to Sharon for making my pregnancy, birth, breastfeeding, and first months of motherhood more relaxing and joyful. I even hired a doula because of her. Recommendations on pediatricians, lactation consultants, herbal supplements, chiropractors, milk supply, birth plans, inductions, helpful products (chilled Soothies Gel Pads enabled me to endure the first few painful weeks of nursing), rehearsing difficult conversations with your OB/midwife, videos, weekly handouts - and yoga...and belly dancing...and vocal toning, and birth balling. Obviously, her classes frequently run over...usually at least 30 mins...but I've never seen anyone leave early. My advice: register now because these small classes fill up quickly.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2014,7/22/2014,142,133,6,7,6>During a discussion at work where we talked about pizza, a colleague informed me about Andolini's and about how good there pizzas are a long time ago but I never really payed that much attention. However on 05/30/2014 I was craving some pizza and I didn't really feel like trying the typical chains (e.g. Papa Johns, Pizzahut, Dominos) but something new and different. That's when I opened up my Yelp app and did a quick search for pizza. When the search was complete a few places were displayed as I began to scroll down I happened to come across "Andolini's". When I saw this place in the list I immediately began to think about the conversation that my colleague and I had about Andolini's. I immediately figured out where it was located and off my wife and I went.When we finally arrived at Andolini's you can tell that the seating would probably be limited and that the pizza is either going to be a hit or miss. We finally enter the store and I realize although it isn't a very big establishment they do have a reasonable amount of seating, however, most definitely not enough for large parties (I advise ordering and taking the pizza to go if you want pizza for a large party). They also have a TV there for the customers to watch. Being that it was our first time we needed time to look over their menu (fyi, I don't believe they have a wall menu so you will have to grab one of their paper menu's). After about approximately ten minutes of deliberation my wife and I decided to order a large "Andolini's" Pizza with olives. Let me just say that the pizza was absolutely delicious. I mean the pizza was so good, that although my wife and I were content with two slices we most definitely had to eat a third slice (yeah we were glutenous pigs....lol). After the third slice we were pretty full and wanted to eat a fourth slice but we were just too full. The staff was nice as well ensuring that we had everything and we enjoyed our pizza. We told them that, "everything was delicious".We "WILL" most definitely be back to Andolini's again, possibly to try some of thier other pizzas.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,7/21/2014,108,321,1,9,5>***For Jacques' Brasserie  3.5 stars***I initially had reservations for L'Auberge, but had to cancel at the last minute.  AND THEN, later than the last minute, I was 'relieved of my duties.'  I called L'Auberge back (maybe 2 hrs later) and my dropped reservation had been picked up by someone else already.  They fit me and my husband into a 9pm slot at the Brasserie.  I'm a little disappointed we didn't get to make it to the main dining room for dinner, but the Brasserie shouldn't be overlooked.  We ordered:  onion soup, mussels, duck confit cassoulet, short ribs, plum tart and the almond hazelnut cake.  The onion soup was very good.  My husband liked it more because it wasn't as cheesy as I had wanted.  The mussels were delicious.  Again, the hub liked them for not being in a bowl of broth, whereas I do.  They were presented on a platter where each mussel had its own little slot to sit in.  The flavoring was light, not overpowering; it seemed all the spices they added were equally represented.  I would go back and order the mussels and pommes frites.  The short ribs were so very tender.  You didn't need a knife at all.  The vegetables - brussel sprouts, carrots and some other vegetable that I can't remember - the veg was very basic/simple.  The cassoulet had a good helping of duck, pork, sausage, and white beans.  The smokiness and heartiness of this dish is so perfect for a cold night by the fire (if you're so inclined).  It was my first time having cassoulet and it's my husband's favorite French comfort food and he was very happy with it.  I would definitely want some fresh bread to eat with the cassoulet to sop up the gravy.  OH, and the bread!  I almost forgot you get bread!  You get a dish of garlic bread and a basket of white and multigrain; it also comes with a ramekin of an herby, cottage cheese spread.  I did like the garlic bread a lot, but I'm a sucker for bread no matter what.  I've only had cottage cheese one other time and would really like to forget that I ever tried it, BUT, I gave it another chance.  The cheese spread was very good, it's reminiscent of the Rondele spreads you can get at the grocery story and I like those.  Now for the desserts:  The plum tart is very plain - plums and crust; served with cinnamon ice cream.  The plums were so good, not overly tart or sweet or mushy.  The crust was ok, but if you pair a bite of the tart with the ice cream, it's pretty darn good.  I think the tart was better than the cake though.  I'm not saying the cake was bad, because it wasn't.  I was looking for moist almond cake with creamy hazelnut and I didn't think it ended up like that for me.The service is good.  Every server on the floor made himself available to us diners to answer any questions, recommendations or for just more water.  I'd like to be back to try the brunch for sure!
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,7/20/2014,3,170,3,12,3>As women I feel we have a hard time finding a decent car place that wont treat us like idiots or tries to up-sell us on fixing things on our cars that don't need it.  Well, I was an idiot as I  noticed the expired state inspection sticker just yesterday (only a month late). I immediately took to Yelp to find a location to get this done ASAP.  I found this location close to my house, and after a quick internet coupon search I bought a groupon for inspection and emissions.  When I called saying I needed both ASAP and I had purchased a groupon, they advised I could stop by anytime without an appointment.  So I swung by after work, my car was taken for inspection a few minutes later, and I was in and out in under an hour- both state and emissions- for $20!  The establishment is super clean, very open with free water/coffee, and magazines to read while you wait.  everyone was super friendly, too! No up-selling, no trying to pull one over on me simply because I am a women, just right to the point of what I needed.  I highly recommend coming here for your car needs!
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2014,7/19/2014,1031,583,2,6,5>Came in here last weekend and did a tasting with Jill.  She was really great and did not rush us through the tasting like some other places do.  The wines were pretty good overall.  The place has not been opened up for too long, but I was happy to hear that most of the wine came from grapes on the property, not from other vineyards (at least the whites).  The grounds here are amazing and would be great to spend some more time at.They have some bigger plans for this place and I am sure it will be one of the top spots once it is done.  Even now, it is worth going too.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,7/17/2014,459,643,5,5,6>Let me tell you how after careful consideration and a fair share of trying out different studios, classes, and instructors in the DMV area, I am IN LOVE with Mind your Body Oasis!  I want to run to the top of a mountain and profess out loud my LOVE for Soozie and her classes!  After my initial yoga week "try it out" hot yoga class with Todd, Soozie really brings it to a whole new level!  She makes me want to be more exact in my asanas, she makes me want to be a better yogi and try new things and she makes me want to be a better person all around.  She is a PHENOMENAL teacher who guides you and explains the importance of alignment and makes sure you are executing poses properly and I LOVE that! I've taken her hot hatha which was new for me and really kicked my butt and I loved it.  I LOVE her hot vinyasa classes and so much love that I dragged a girlfriend of mine to drop in and try for the first time and she was hooked too!  Soozie's cold wash clothes sooze my soul and are a welcomed addition at the end of our hot and sweaty workouts.  She's professional, friendly and just so cool, she'll hang out after class and answer any questions you have or just talk to you and see how you're doing.  She's so sweet! Soozie, Soozie, Soozie, is my FAVORITE!  Can we be friends?!  Soozie rocks my socks!Mind your Body Oasis is still an amazing studio.  Studio is large and spacious and clean!  Environment is calm, serene and friendly!  No snooty or pretentiousness here. No problem finding parking, accupunture, massages, sauna/infrared rooms, food and merchandise too!  What more do you need?  I'm happy to say I think I've found a yoga studio I can call my own!xoxo,Joanna NAMASTE!
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,7/16/2014,115,493,1,9,5>This burger joint chain offers a variety of burgers, including seafood burgers (which is different from the other burger places). It's fast casual, so order at the counter, pick your own table, and mark it with your order number placard. There's a good amount of seating, but I find the dining area to be pretty cramped, making it hard to maneuver around tables. You'll want to get up to grab your own fountain drinks, wash your hands in that common sink located across the drink and sauce bar, and grab some sauces to dip your fries in. Overall the food is good. Burgers are juicy and cooked to order and fries are thin-cut, golden crisp. I tried the Tex Mex and really enjoyed the onion straws that was on them. The brioche buns are nice and soft and hold the burger together well. If you are a fry lover and have to, ahem, share fries with another fry lover, I would suggest opting getting the largest fry size. Otherwise, a single fry lover can easily demolish the large fry size, which is comparable to something in between a McD's med and large size. They seem to come seasoned, but it's so sparse it's mostly for show. Every month they showcase a different burger and milkshake, so keep an eye out for that. This place is located where the Silver Line Metro Station will be when it reaches this area. So, as of now, the location is a little bit out there. Also, I think the price is a smidge high, but that seems to be the norm with this kind of fast casual burger joints now.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2012,7/3/2012,121,345,,8,4>You'd think a joint at the end of a strip shopping mall wedged between an auto repair joint and a Dunkin Donuts would pretty muc suck - but it doesn't. Don't get me wrong, this is certainly not a date night kind of place  It's good for lunch and maybe dinner, if you're by yourself. When you are seated, your server explains the process to you.  You can grab their suggestion cards off the wall and fill up the bowl they give you with vegetables, proteins, spices and sauce and take it to the grill.  They'll give you a number.  They'll ask you whether you want noodles or rice and which kind.  They'll bring it right to your table. Now check this part out.  All the food items are laid out in a buffet style and includes information on food allergies.  So, if it contains wheat - it's pretty clearly labeled: even the sauces.  Only one sauce, sweet and sour, is labeled wheat free.When I took my bowl to the grill, the cook asked me whether I had food sensitivity issues, I told him "wheat, glutens".  They fired up a separate grill and cooked everything separately.  Hey....So, two very satisfactory lunches (the hub really liked his too) with an ice tea and a strawberry lemonade came to $24 with tip.  Zip reaction on my part which is pretty awesome and a very nice staff.   I think we'll come back here for weekend lunches.Because it is tile floor and tile walls, it's a little on the loud side.   Parking on this side is kind of dicey, so you're better off parking in the front facing Bungalow's and Baja Fresh.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2011,7/2/2012,42,154,2,10,4>When I enter a Latin American restaurant in say, Hyattsville, I feel really out of place; like everyone is staring at me, the Gringo.  And the service at such an establishment is usually spotty at best.Jesus, the owner of El Chilango taco truck, however, treats all his customers equally and works very hard to satisfy them all.  Its not hard to tell that his high level of service extends to the quality and preparation of his tacos. They are amazingly good. The last time I went to El Chilango I saw an employee cutting up some beef tongue (seeing a cow's tongue is a little gross, but the meat is oh so delicioso).The tacos come with your choice of five meats: Pollo (chicken), Asada (beef steak), Lengua (beef tongue), Al Pastor (spicy pork), and Chorizo (Mexican sausage).  Tacos cost $2 each and come with onions, cilantro, your choice of spicy or mild salsa, some veggies on the side (usually cucumber and radishes), and are wrapped by two mini-tortillas. Yum! My favorite by far is the Al Pastor (wiki this pork dish, its origins are pretty interesting), but all of the meats are quite good.Try the Sangria soda (sodas are $2). It reminds me of black cherry pop!Good food, good service, friendly staff and owners. What more could you ask for? A real gem in corporate Clarendon. I'd eat here more often if I didn't work downtown. It does make good hangover food.Note: El Chilango's hours are 11am to 6PM, Monday thru Saturday. They are located at 14th Street and N. Quinn Street (at least on Saturday).
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2011,7/1/2012,64,284,8,11,7>I think perhaps some of the previous reviewers are spoiled by some of the other (sub-par) thrift stores in the area, with complaints about dressing rooms and the surliness factor of the staff.  As for incomplete merchandise...buyer inspect and buyer beware.To those points, and a list of what I believe constitutes a super-awesome thrift experience (it's not really a store but a place where random shit gets together and makes friends...or a adoption center/pound for under-appreciated stuff):- Does the thrift have a large volume of stuff? Yes- It it well organized and labeled (sizes, spacing, etc.) Yes!- Do you have room to move around the stuff and other thrifters? Yes!- Does it smell? Yes but not terrible...it's a region-wide collection of used people's stuff...it kind always smells like that.- Can you find one-of-a-kind, I've-never-seen-that-at-a-thrift-store-before stuff? Yes!- Do they have decent prices and/or sales? YesI don't know the stocking schedule or how often they rotate the stock...I never was that hardcore of a thrifter.  But I used to supplement my meager NoCal income with books and western-wear shirts and found a few decent items for resale here.  In the grand karmeric traditions of thrifters, I left anything I wasn't going to read or could not fit into (there are some awesome western shirts in XL as of this past Friday...) there for the next group.  This is my favorite thrift in the region thus far...Happy hunting!
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2012,6/30/2012,187,308,9,13,6>Yes...Yes....YES! I was basically screaming this when my lovely hairstylist turned my chair around and I was staring at a new and improved version of myself. I walked outta Special Touch International Hair Salon dripping SWAG...even the teenagers outside was like DAMMMMNNN :) At 28, I still got it but with this fab hair, I can rule the world :)I made an an appt for the same day at 6pm. Walked in and I was immediately escorted to the shampoo area. I had the best shampoo experience of my life...she damn near rubbed my scalp off but, boy did it feel good. Remember...Beauty is Pain.After my shampoo, my hair was set with rollers and I sat under the dryer for about 30 minutes. After my hair was dried, another lovely lady unrolled my hair, blow dryed it and flat ironed it in about 20 min. Everyone was very professional and focused and I loved it.I only paid about $40 for a wash, rollerset, and flat-iron. They rocked it and I'm officially a fan!
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2012,6/29/2012,253,399,9,10,11>"There's an AMAZING restaurant in Sterling!" was how I started my description of Mokomandy to my friends. The next 10 minutes they sat spellbound and drooling as I recounted tales of creatively wonderful food that successfully fused Cajun and Korean flavors. Here's what we ate:**Foie Gras Dumplings**Decadent and tasty little bundles of deliciousness.  The dumplings are full of perfect flavors for those that enjoy foie gras.  **Seared Korean Scallops**The scallops were perfectly cooked with accompanying sauces that made us scape the plate for every last morsel.**Bulgogi Beef**We ordered this for the monkeys.  Although there was some spicy paste on the beef, the boys devoured their bulgogi.  **Sous-vide Seared Duck with Rice Porridge**The duck was sous-vide and finished on the broiler to crisp up the outside.  This gave the meat a slightly tougher texture.  A torch would've been better suited to crisp up the outside, but the flavor of the duck was still tasty.  The accompanying rice porridge was a delicious compliment to the duck.**Korean Pot Roast**Awesome! The beef was flavor filled and definitely the star of the evening.  The beef cubes were seated on top of a generous portion of pureed sweet potatoes.  Other roasted vegetable cubes were mixed in with the beef.  Tasty stuff!We ate like kings leaving satisfied and with full bellies while our pauper wallets were not completely wiped out. Yes my friends were indeed drooling and I haven't talked about a new (to me) restaurant with such enthusiasm for quite a long time. If this restaurant were in DC, you would easily pay twice if not three times the amount of money for the same food.  Our server (Phil?) was amazing as he happily provided suggestions and addressed our myriad of questions about the entrees and the most excellent beer list. Speaking of beer, Mokomandy has a happy hour special from Monday to Friday where all drinks (beer, wine and drinks) are a dollar off.  I truly wish Mokomandy all the success in the world as it's great having such an innovative restaurant in the boonies of Northern VA.  BTW, I'm already planning my next return!
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,6/28/2012,253,387,4,13,8>3.5 with hopes of a 5 future! To all my locals this new bar is the old Cafe Martini. Yeah remember that place? Since the closing of Cafe Martini, I believe there was a short lived reopening of another establishment - clearly it wasn't great enough for me to even recall the name of it and then.... the space sat. And sat, and sat and sat. Finally there was a banner saying "Opening Soon!" - that too sat and sat and sat. Until after last night. After a dreary Saturday night of a good BINGO ass whooping by the local senior community we took our sorrow's to what we thought would be Glory Days but saw that the old Cafe Martini was open. Hooray? Grand Opening banners hung, doors wide open and peering in I only saw about 4 people inside. Hmmm. Still i rallied everyone up to go here instead. They didn't change anything about the interior except for one wall which now displayed wallpaper that played into the restaurants new asian fusion theme. This made me believe that the reopening of this place had a lot more to do with paper shuffling than it did "construction". With that said the bartender was really sweet and friendly and so was the manager who came by to see how things were. The menu was filled with typical (but deliciously described) asian fusion appz and meals, written so non-asians could understand. Like the dumpling soup written on the chalkboard I quickly translated to mandu soup in my head. All in all everyone enjoyed this place. Too bad no one knew anything about it being open. More promotion and marketing of this place is desperately needed. When Cafe Martini was around it dominated the entire area every night of the week for a youthful local watering hole with great food. This place can be too if they promote correctly. Pull in live music, trivia nights, etc. Hoping this place stays around! Seriously hate the other places like V5, Fast Eddies etc. Good luck guys!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2012,6/27/2012,421,454,6,8,10>I wanted to buy a rotisserie chicken for tonight's dinner.  A simple task, you say.  Yes, it should be simple but...  First stop was Bloom since we think that they have some of the best supermarket rotisserie chicken around.   Plus since the nearest Bloom is going to close and not even become a Food Lion again, why not get a chicken while we could.  I got to Bloom---no chickens.  The two women at the deli told me it was a half hour wait.  I had other errands to do so, no dice.  I suppose I can understand it from the employee's point of view---they're soon  to be out of work and now don't give a dang anymore.So...since I had to go to Safeway anyway, might as well get one of theirs.  Safeway now only sells rotisserie chickens between 4 p.m and 7 p.m.  At 4 p.m., there were no chickens out for sale.  I asked at the deli---17 more minutes, they said.  Not acceptable, I said.  Next stop, tell the manager.  Sorry, he shrugged.  Again, not acceptable.  The corporate office got an email about this.Where to get a chicken?  Hmmm... Then "aha!"  It's time to finally try the Pollo Factory!  Shortly after 4 p.m., I went and there were people waiting for their orders.  I ordered a whole chicken, then was told to pick out 2 sides.  I chose platanos fritos and rice.  There was a bit of a wait due to the customers ahead of me plus the platanos had to be prepared fresh.When I got the bag with all the food, it smelled sooo good!  I told the friendly man behind the counter that it all smelled wonderful, who then opened the platano container to show me and let me smell the goodness.We generally eat a later dinner but when I brought the stuff home, I told my husband that it smells so good that I was going to eat now.  When he got a whiff, he agreed.  It was all so tasty.  The chicken had a smoky, salty flavor.  One drawback---parts of it were juicy and parts were on the dry side.  Yet the drawback was easy to overlook due to the rest of the flavorings.   The platanos were superb.  My husband isn't a huge fan of platanos but even he just about inhaled his.   They were cooked just right, soft but not mushy and just sweet enough.  The rice was basically white rice with a few vegetables in it (corn, peas and carrots).  It was bland---nothing to write home about. However, we really weren't expecting anything more.As for the upshot, we're now asking ourselves what took us so long to try The Pollo Factory LOL!  Plus, we both agree---we'll be back!  The Pollo Factory's gain was Bloom and Safeway's loss!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,6/25/2012,81,108,8,4,6>I am a grit connoisseur.  I hail from the land of the South; replete with big-boned women lounging scantily-clad on wraparound porches, sipping tea sweeter than a baby dunked in pixie sticks, gossiping 'bout nothing good but enjoying it all the same.  Now when I say I'm a grit purist, I mean it.  Keep it simple, sweetheart.  Butter, cream and salt or bust.  Start talking some silliness about adding in truffle oil and shaved asiago cheese and well, you might as well consider yourself not from 'round here.  Til I tried the truffled grits at Tuskies.  Made me a believer, first bite. Hooked ever since.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2011,6/24/2012,185,238,4,5,4>A Solid 5 stars.....Mmm Mmm Good.... I highly recommend this place and think I have found my new favorite pizza place in my area, a hidden gem I'll tell ya. This place sort of reminded me of Papa Johns - but so much better. They have the garlic sauce and peppers that come with the pizza, but you don't have to pay extra for it. Also, the pizza is so damn good. Dare I say, New York Style? Well we got two extra large pies on Sunday between three people and they were gone before you knew it. I can guarantee you if we got two extra large pizzas anywhere else there would probably be leftovers. The two types of pies we got were the white pizza and the buffalo chicken pizza. We also had an order of fries and mozzarella sticks. The pizza was the main star here folks. The crust was delicious too and you don't find that many places. Just the right amount of toppings too. Makes me want more Big Papa pizza just thinking about it. A few other things, they have delivery and carryout and the place is open late as I remember. Also, next time I am going to try their wings as I have skimmed through some reviews here and it looks like people like them. I noticed on the menu they have a bunch of different flavors. Also, I thought I might mention they have just about everything on their menu (pizza, subs, pasta, wings, gyros, etc.).Highly recommended!
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2011,6/23/2012,6,171,4,6,5>Best Breakfast in Manassas!Going into this place is like walking into a Jeff Foxworthy joke come to life.  Old red necks with huge guts getting out of pick-up trucks wearing baseball caps with Confederate flag emblems on them.  It's a small, road side old country diner and doesn't pretend to be anything else.Our neighbor told us that this place has the best breakfast in Manassas so one day when we didn't have anything to do we went there.  We weren't disappointed.  Precious loved the biscuits.  The waffle was the best I'd ever had.  You hardly needed any syrup.  The omelette had just the right amount of cheese on it.  I usually don't like country ham.  It's too salty and dry, but that piece of ham I could eat another.  Everything was good.The service was excellent.  In fact, it was some of the best service I've ever had in any restaurant in the U.S.  Beyond polite.If you doubt my words, then take a look at the place when you drive by.  The average waistline of the customers is probably the best testament to how good the food is at this place.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,8/13/2012,192,253,9,12,11>DaMoim is a Korean/American/Mexican/Japanese fusion place. Yup, they got it all (except for sushi).The menu is strangely interesting and ranges from caprese salad to baked brie to fried chicken to korean tacos to french fries to a 10oz ribeye to udon. They also have more traditional Korean items such as bibimbap, galbi, jap chae, mandu gook, and my favorite "army base stew." They do a very simple banchan: kimchi, dried squid and black beans.The decor is much more contemporary than many of the other Korean restaurants in Annandale. There's a nice bar and happy hour specials too. We often find ourselves coming back here; it's a good spot. Service is a little slow but nothing too bad.If you're looking for a true fusion experience, get the kimchi quesadilla and galbi tacos--you won't be disappointed. Kimchi and cheese sounds like an odd pairing, but they really do go well together.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,8/12/2012,229,399,4,14,9>This one is for all the hole in the wall lovers out there - Punjabi By Nature is located inside Lotte supermarket's food court! If you're not a fan of hole in the wall places, well, you should self declare yourself as one now and head to Punjabi By Nature because you're about to put something delicious in your mouth. I know good Indian food and I know the bad Indian food, and this place definitely falls under the good. How good? I've had two different family members want to eat here for Birthday Lunch. Out of all the Indian restaurants in Northern VA, this Indian dhaba (hole in the wall) was the pick. You're not getting small portions, drizzled with funky designs, on elegant plates leaving you with that "I want...more" feeling. No. You get delicious, savory, North Indian staples in decent portions, served on plastic plates and some metal bowls. Following consumption, you're left with the "That was really good! When are we coming back?" feeling. Fact. I can't recall everything I've had, but remember the karai chicken and prathas to be fantastic!
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,8/11/2012,589,308,2,4,3>Absolutely love this restaurant! The staff is always friendly, the food is amazing, and the service is phenomenal.  My favorite part of this experience is having the waiter bring my food to the table and then serve me on my plate! I feel like this is how Queen Elizabeth is served and therefore I don't see any reason why I shouldn't be spoiled, as well.The only reason I deducted a star is they only deliver in a limited area and you have to have a minimum of $30.  Which doesn't sound like a lot, but when you are eating for one, a $30 mininum at an Indian restaurant is hard to accomplish.I always order the Mango Lassi, Naan bread, some chicken entree (varies depending on my mood) and then the Gulab Jamun for dessert.  Easily 1200 calories, but worth every bite.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2012,8/10/2012,202,406,,2,1>A dive bar hidden in the neighborhoods of Arlington (literary hidden, when I was driving I thought I was going to someone's house haha). Known for beer and blue crabs I was bit skeptical of eating crabs from a place that felt like it should have been on or a near beach, not in the middle of Arlington. But I was quite pleased. You MUST try the pretzel stuffed with crab meat and cheese. I know it sounds weird but it is soooo goood! I wish the pretzel was bigger though; would have made a meal out of it. Service is great and even though we were a big group, the staff took great care of us. Definitely a great find!
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2012,8/9/2012,234,142,5,3,3>I'm always a bit wary of places that consider themselves to be "asian fusion", after all, I wouldn't ask my doctor to come to court with me and wouldn't ask my lawyer to perform surgery! I'm all about specializing, but in light of recent rave reviews of this place from fellow yelpers and friends, I decided to give it a go!The place is very cutely decorated with brightly colored walls, yellow wall decor, and trendy booths. I already regretted taking my 2 year old along for the ride, because I could already tell that the vibe here wasn't geared towards families with young toddlers but more for groups of adults. They didn't offer a children's menu or coloring books, so I almost felt that children might be unwanted here. Note to self: Next time we come, make it a date night!Hubby and I satisfied our sushi craving, and we ordered about 9 pieces total. I would recommend the Lobster Roll and the Godzilla Roll specifically! The sushi came out fresh and we were definitely satisfied with the freshness and taste. I also enjoyed the awesome platter, with a freaking USB light in the middle of my plate. I mean, what could be better than sushi that looks like it's ready to hit the club?Price also can not be beat for the atmosphere, great sushi and portions. Looking forward to coming back and trying the jalapeno roll that so many have recommended!
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,8/8/2012,26,84,,3,4>It's been several months since I last had a chance to grab some food here.  So I hop in my car, drove a good 20+ miles to satiate my hankering for bbq and boy have things changed.Last I was here, they had a little tent that was at the mercy wind.  Now, there's a nice truck to keep them out of the weather.  Also, instead of dripping sauce in my car like before, I can now eat at a couple of new high tables and seats next to the truck.  Fantastic improvements from before.The best part is of course is the menu.  I noticed some new items have been added to it.  That menu really does change from week to week and that's keeps me coming back.  I had the dry rub ribs which were phenomenal when you dip it in their sauce which was sweet and vinegary at the same time.  Not dry but crisp outside and moist inside.  I also tried the beef rib which was new and I really enjoyed it.  They serve a single beef rib that's so big it won't even fit in the damn container.  Tender, juicy, and has that fantastic wood grill smell to it.  Crispy exterior but inside is very moist.  Very tender and cuts easily.  If you get this, don't bother getting anything else.  It's a whole lotta lotta meat.  Then top everything off with their delicious baked beans that comes with the order.It may seem pricey but for the quality and quantity, this is a great deal compared to other locations found within the walls of a restaurant.  This is how I've imagined roadside bbq should be and I'm not disappointed.  This place is just worth every mile of that 20 I travel to get here.  And I'll gladly travel it any weekend just to see what DD BBQ has has up on its marker board next.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2012,8/7/2012,523,699,6,16,8>It's really hard to find fault with a place that only costs $10 a month....but I have a few minor details I'd love to get ironed out.It's not a bad gym, even if the space isn't maximized to the fullest.  There is clearly plenty of cardio equipment- treadmills, ellipticals, bikes, arc trainers...you name it (except a stairstepper of some sort...I think.  Does Cybex not make those?)They've got plenty of weight machines for those who need them, although it seems a little too Curves-y than an actual gym.  On weeknights, there are not nearly enough Smith Machines to go around, and the area around the dumbbells gets crowded, as does the cables.  I've rarely seen a wait around the machines.  The weekends are a dream because nobody seems to go there.If wishes were fishes, the sea would be full... but here's what I'd like to see:Less weight machines (seriously, you're not using your core) and more free weights.  Since personal training is a benefit, one would think they could maximize that.Actual squat racks.  Like two of them.That space up front where there's tables that nobody sits at?  Put the 30 minute workout thingy there.  Or the core area there.  It's rarely used.For $10, it could be much, MUCH worse, but it's not half bad.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,8/6/2012,1856,123,4,7,6>I love all of the Great American restaurant group and Carlyle is no exception.  Carlyle was at the top of my list when it was called "Carlyle Grande" and would easily have made five stars.  My favorite meal at the Carlyle have always been a Calamari appetizer with the Pork Chops as the entree.  Originally the calamari was served on a thin layer of sauce split down the middle...half a rich cream sauce and the other half a zesty tomato based sauce with a spattering of corn salsa.  Just the right mix was what dreams are made of...incredible!  They have since changed the recipe at least once and have not been able to reiginite the passion I had for this amazing appetizer.  The Pork Chops (shared with other Great American restaurants SweetWater Tavern and Silverado) are some of the best you will find anywhere.  I know their special formula, but I have been sworn to secrecy!  So, give it a try and it is perfectly balanced with the garlic mashed potatoes.Two of the best things shared by all of the Great American group of restaurants?  Best Buns bread (OMG!) and some of the most amazing desserts.  With the restaurants spread through Northern Virginia, you could in theory live on Great American food...and I think you would be smiling the whole way!While I still think Carlyle's food is top notch, there have been a few times where service was less than expected.  That is not the reason for the drop to four stars though.  The two reasons that I have knocked them down a peg are one, because of their call-ahead but no reservations policy and two because of their recipe change-ups.  The former has led to a great deal of confusion for out of town visitors and very long waits and the latter has led to disappointment as favorite dishes no longer have the special appeal when the recipe is changed.If you are lucky enough to arrive at Carlyle without a long wait, take it all in.  If it takes a long time to find parking though, be prepared to switch venues if the wait is too long.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,8/5/2012,139,104,4,8,3>Oby Lee is a hidden gem but I think people will start coming down from Wilson Blvd to hit up Oby.  With decently priced wine (for Clarendon) and a great selection of wine why wouldn't you come here for drinks?  Their wine carousel is very diverse and I didn't see any wines that I had tried before so that is a plus.Their appetizers are very tasty and fairly diverse.  I highly recommend the bize size ceviche.  This isn't a place for dinner but you can certainly fill up on their appetizers.I didn't try their sandwiches but I will certainly one day.There is a great place to sit outside and there are some seats inside too; I could see coming here after work for drinks but I comparatively I am still a bit of a bigger fan of the Whole Foods wine bar in Fairfax (yes, yes I know it is in a different city but it's still NOVA!)  The reasons are: 1) I think Oby Lee needs a larger selection of wine; I didn't count but there are only about 15-20 wines to try.  WF has over 40.  2) I do not like that you have to pay $2 to "buy" a card that you have to load to use the wine bar.  I was sort of offended they required this.  You can get your money back by returning the card but that requires you to spend every dime on it.  Maybe I'm cheap but I know WF doesn't charge me $2 for a card and that's the way to keep customers coming back.  3) They don't accept American Express.I will definitely go back but every time I have to shell out $2 and try to get my card balance to $0 I will be annoyed and the chances I'll return will decline.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,8/4/2012,273,378,,5,3>Stealing from Yelp,  this is "as good as it gets." As I wrote on Amalgamated's Facebook page (because I love them so much!), the selection is well-curated and deserving of my constant visits. I will go here until my wallet runs dry because I know I can always find a gorgeous pin or necklace or hat here. Their focus is turn of the century to early seventies clothing and accessories. According to the staff, they mainly carry Mad Menesque items, though they will have some stuff from the later '60s to '70s here and there. In addition to clothing and accessories, they also carry old magazines, postcards, books, and countless other paraphernalia from the eras mentioned above. The clothing may be a tad pricey for some, but the jewelry and other accessories can be a real steal. I got a gold clutch (circa 1950s), plastic bead necklace and Victorian age necklace for around 40 bucks! What sets this place apart from other vintage stores is the amazing selection. It's tasteful, comprehensive and well-organized. No 'digging through junk" here. Someone did that already and is only showing you the best and brightest. Interestingly, Amalgamated is frequented by big names in fashion and film who are in need of inspiration. If it's attractive enough to Anthropologie and the like then it's great by me.  I am in love, deeply in love.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,12/25/2013,17,128,,9,3>Came here a few weeks ago to celebrate my hubby's birthday.  This isn't the best Indian food I have ever had in my life (that of course is only in India) but it gets 5 stars for best Indian food I have had in the US.For appetizers we got Lamb Chops, Tandoori Chicken and Crispy Spinach Chaat.  Everything was fantastic -- you could tell the quality of the lamb was great and it was so flavorful.  The chicken was delicious and served with a SUPER spicy sauce which we all loved!!  Spinach Chaat was SO good.  For entrees we got Butter Chicken, Goan Shrimp Curry, Hyderabadi Biryani, Garlic Naan and Pudina Naan.  Everything was so delicious.  I don't think the Shrimp Curry was "Goan" but still very delicious anyway!!  The service was fantastic -- the waiters really listened to all our requests and they were more than accommodating.Will definitely come back here!
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2013,12/24/2013,168,346,5,7,6>Having always been curious about tres leches cake, I was excited to try it at Veronica's after reading my fellow Yelpers' reviews about it.  We decided to also grab some dinner while we were at it.It's a small place but we had no problems finding a seat after we placed our order.  My grilled chicken plate (which comes with a little salad, beans, rice, and some picked veggies) was delicious.  The chicken was nicely grilled (a touch tough though) and I even enjoyed the beans although they were slightly too salty as it cooled.  The hubster ordered the mixed fajita plate, which came with a few fresh tortillas.  The fajita mix was in a tomato-y sauce, which was different than other places we've had fajitas, but they were also pretty good.  The star of the dinner was the cake though - a light dusting of cinnamon on top, a small pool of the various milks as it sat out while I finished my dinner, and one happy lady.  Will I be back for the food?  Yes.  Will I be back for the cake?  Hell yes.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,12/23/2013,141,320,6,13,9>Right next door to the worst Panera I've ever been to, Sugar Palm Thai is a real gem.  My wife and I had been past here a number of times and talked about dropping by.  Yesterday with our little one staying with friends, we finally had the chance.The first thing we noticed was that there are not many tables considering the size of the space.  That is of course neither here nor there, but it might be one reason they can keep the place so clean.  Even the bathrooms were nice.The food was excellent.  We were there for lunch, so we decided to get the chicken satay for an appetizer and lunch specials for the main course.  The satay was one of the best I've ever hand, as the chicken tasted good even without the peanut sauce. I had the chicken panang which was one of the best I've ever had.  My wife had the Kee-Mao with pork, which was excellent with a slightly grilled taste.  Either of us would get it again.  I also have to mention the spring roll, which had all the taste of a good spring roll without all the oil.My fellow Yelpers were dead on with this place.  It is worth everyone of the five-stars.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,12/22/2013,81,136,8,15,6>Ugggghhh, I haven't yelped in forever.  However, I owe it to Darrell, my hairstylist, to update my review.  I last wrote about him under Salon Cielo, but he's moved  to Salon Daniel.This review needs to be tagged for black hair, African American hair, ethnic hair, whatever whatever hair.  I'm sure Darrell can do anything you throw at him, and I was actually referred to him by a white friend who was also his client, but I can only evaluate based on the traditional expectations of black hair seeing as how quality haircare is hard to come by for us.  Ok, rant over.When I originally saw Darrell, I was on a relaxed hair growth journey.  Under his supervision my hair did grow (from like Rihanna short to just above shoulder bob in about a year) and was definitely at it's healthiest.  However, per usual, I always suffered setbacks--not Darrell's fault, I was just always screwing something up during those 8 weeks away from him.  March 2012 I transitioned to natural and so I stopped seeing Darrell.  I big chopped in November 2012, and by April 2013 I had to straighten my hair for a wedding (bride/cousin required it.  Don't hate, she's natural too).  I knew I'd need to even out my hair as well since I bc'd myself, so I decided to go back to Darrell because he's not scissor happy, plus he's super methodical about haircare.  He used the Mizani straightening system--a non permanent system from shampoo to heat protectant that helps get hair straight and keep it from reverting for a longer period of time.  After deep conditioning, Darrell blew my hair out with a round brush, then went back in with the flat iron at a high temp.  I was a little concerned about my edges during the process, but they held up.  I was in and out of the salon in about an hour (yyaaasss!!).  The finished product: my hair was laid for the gods!!  Had bounce and shine. I maintained it by sleeping in pin curls so I wouldn't have to add anymore heat.  Think I got my hair done on Thursday, the wedding was Saturday, and it looked fantastic.After 1 week I missed my curls so I washed it out and deep conditioned.  Full reversion, zero heat damage.  **Important note:  Darrell did not require that I come in with any kind of pre-emptive style.   In other words: I didn't need to "prep" my hair first.  He took care of everything and still got me out in an hour.  My hair length was just above  my shoulders**
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2013,12/21/2013,242,306,3,7,3>Place just purchased by the owners of Tempt Asian. Larger venue and just as delicious. Sign outside (and takeout menus) still say Chef Chens outside but the owners are working on that.This place is pure spicy hot szechuan.  Menu seems to be 95% that of Tempt Asian.Try the classic spicy szechuan beef pot, the (extra spicy) spicy fish pot, and the fried hot diced chicken. Ask them what's authentic and good, they're helpful and provide great recommendations. Took their suggestion and tried the spicy lamb on a stick appetizer.  I hate lamb but was pleasantly suprised! Hint: expect delicate spicy kebabs not chunks of meat
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2013,12/20/2013,35,71,3,5,6>Let me start by saying that between my husband and myself, he's the pho guy and I'm the vermicelli bowl gal.  So when I went here today for the first time I got the vermicelli bowl with grilled pork and crispy roll (#56).  YUM, YUM, YUM.The bowl was BIG.  It's the same bowl they use for the large pho orders.  I'm use to the vermicelli bowls being slightly smaller so I was happily surprised.  The veggies in the bowl tasted pickled, much like the veggies you get with Banh mi.  I liked this.  There was a good amount of veggies and lettuce and sprouts.  I REALLY like fish sauce and thought about asking for more as I thought I received a small amount for the size of the bowl.  I was lazy, though, and didn't ask for more.The pork was awesome.  When ordering a vermicelli bowl with grilled pork one often runs the risk of getting very tough, dried out meat.  Not here!  The pork was tender with great Vietnamese grilled flavor I look for.  The portion was a good amount.  I received 1 crispy roll in my bowl (I'm thinking you probably get more if you order just a crispy roll vermicelli bowl, like other places).  The roll also had great flavor with a pepper undertone.  I personally like to push my rolls to the bottom to soak up the fish sauce and eat them last.  These did a great job of soaking up the fish sauce yet still holding their own flavor as well.  I ordered an avocado bubble tea as my drink.  Smooth with a nice buttery avocado flavor.  If you've never tried one but like avocados, go out on a limb and try it.I plan on coming back with my husband to try the pho.  From what I could tell they looked good and I was debating on whether to get my usual vermicelli or pho.  It's a rainy day and pho just seemed like a good idea, but I'm best at comparing vermicelli bowls so that's what I stuck with.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/9/2013,12/19/2013,38,379,4,5,2>So this is awkward. I've never actually had anything to drink here. However, my dining companions have and we've all indulged in the food.MacDowell has recently become, for the Mister and me, our default 'let's eat something fried' place. They have a magnificent collection of appetizers, including 'frickles' -- fried pickles. The entrees are quite good as well. The dessert menu looks amazing; we haven't had any room to try it.The beer list is long, and good, but I haven't had the opportunity to put it through its paces.Do not come here expecting great or quick service. Frankly, it sort of feels like an afterthought that they need waitstaff. I've also seen a few spots on the glasses and that sort of thing. The food is a lot more impressive than the atmosphere and service. Adjust your expectations on those fronts, embrace fried pickles, and you'll leave happy.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,12/18/2013,38,187,1,6,6>Front Porch is an extension of Evening Star cafe next door. It's a very simple concept. They have metal frame chairs, patio furniture and long wooden picnic tables, coupled with an interesting cocktail list, wine list and a very robust beer list. They serve only appetizer type foods, though if you tried you could make a meal out of it.While I didn't sample any of the food, a friend and I stopped here for a couple beers and it was very nice (weather permitting as it's entirely outside).If I had any complaint it may be that the decor is perhaps TOO simple. I don't necessarily want to sit on cheap metal furniture for too long, or a bench without a back on it, before I'm anxious to move on. Maybe that's the point. This isn't a destination place, it's somewhere you go for a before or after dinner drink to kill an hour or two, maybe when there's an hour wait to be seated or your reservation isn't for a while yet. It was also a little obnoxious that there were strollers and children running around here. It's a bar. Just because it's outside doesn't mean you should be making it a park with screaming children. That is the kind of thing that would keep 21-35 year olds away for sure.Stop by, have a beer, enjoy the fresh air. That's all this is, and accomplishes these goals pretty successfully.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2013,12/17/2013,167,251,,6,5>The chili cashew nuts that they serve you before the meal are money.  Seriously.Steaks are very good quality and very reasonably priced.  I ordered the NY Strip Steak with the house special (peppercorn-crusted, mushroom cream sauce poured over, and sprinkled with blue cheese).  The peppercorn-crust gave it a nice crunch and flavor and the mushroom cream sauce was delicious.  I think I could have done without the blue cheese (even though I'm a huge fan of cheese!).  I just thought that the flavor was a little bit overwhelming.  The steak was also cooked perfectly as requested: medium.  This appears to be a much more difficult task to other steakhouses, so thumbs-up for getting it right!Also, the creamed spinach and garlic mashed potatoes that are served complimentary are amazing.  I love creamed spinach and the mashed potatoes are so light and fluffy, you know that the ratio of butter to potato is probably, unfortunately for your arteries, 1:1.  And don't worry, you will definitely not leave hungry. Guaranteed.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2013,12/16/2013,77,138,3,8,5>I've only ordered the pho, summer rolls and the lotus stem salad.  All were very good.  To compare with Pho 75 or Pho Factory, I like Lotus' pho better.  Sometimes the beef at the other places tastes/looks a little mysterious.  And I just get the eye round steak.  The broth was really good, they do a great job with packaging up to-go orders and everyone was friendly when I picked the food up.  I dont have a problem with the price on the pho because the meat is better, a few dollars more is worth it to me.  I'm not  a pho expert so maybe my palette isn't as discerning as others but it is solid slightly above average quality pho to me.  The lotus stem salad at $12 could have fresh shrimp in it instead of the shrimp that's inside of the summer rolls.  But I will just order it vegetarian next time because it was still really good.Now I do have to address the manager's replies to some of these reviews.  It's a bit off-putting.  but i was also intrigued so much that I ended up ordering food the day that I read all of these hilarious yet awkward responses.   i'm glad i had no issues here!  and I'll probably order again this week.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,9/12/2012,110,193,6,6,5>This review will be relatively short because, quite honestly, I got hammered at Jangteo 7080 last weekend and things are little bit blurry.  I went to 7080 with a friend last week for the first time, after he had been trying to get me to go visit it for about a month.  He said it was a chill hangout spot, but that being a foodie, I had to try the Makkoli.  Needless to say, I loved it....as far as I can remember.For those of you who don't know, Makkoli is a Korean wine made from rice.  It comes to you at 7080 in a giant bowl and you scoop it into smaller bowls with a big spoon.  From there, everyone can sip their wine from their bowl....or you can take it straight to the head like my friends and I did last week.Three giant bowls in, the room was spinning for me, and I loved it.  The Makkoli was delicious as it was potent.  We had the strawberry and yogurt flavored wines, but I'm told everything is good at 7080.I also ordered the half and half wings at 7080 and they were decent.  Not great, but decent.  A friend of mine ordered the fried pork (bacon) and that was delicious.  I'd love to get that again next time I went...assuming I'm not already buzzin' from the Makkoli.If you're a casual to serious drinker, I'd recommend trying the makkoli at 7080 as soon as possible.  It's an awesome and unique experience.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,9/11/2012,75,257,8,13,5>There's one very important thing you need to remember when coming here: it's a BEER BAR.  It may *technically* be a restaurant because it serves food, but it is really, seriously a bar and they think of themselves as such.  As one bartender said to me, "We are not now, nor will we ever be, a kid-friendly establishment."  Because it's a BEER BAR.  What does that mean?* It's small and often crowded.* It's loud.  Sometimes very.* No table service, you order at the bar and they bring you your food.* They serve beer.  Yes, they have a couple wines and some soda, but they mostly serve beer.  There is not a full bar.* Their food is not fancy.  It's grilled cheese and tater tots.  It is very awesome grilled cheese with a wide variety of things to put on it, but don't come here expecting filet mignon.* They don't open until 5 PM.* You have to be 21+ to come in.  So, yes, that means you cannot bring your children.Personally, I'm very fond of the place.  The grilled cheese was delicious, staff was attentive and friendly.  We sampled quite a few of the beers and, though not many really suited our palates, we know we can just wait and come back and they're be different ones available.If you like Galaxy Hut, you'll like it here.  (Naturally, since they're the same company.)We'll be back.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2012,9/10/2012,48,219,1,5,4>I stopped in for a take away order yesterday and ended up meeting the restaurant's name source. Eamonn was hopping around the restaurant, friendly and proper as could be. I walked up to the counter, placed an order for a large cod with chips & curry; again more friendly people! Chatted about the vegetarian options (chips & sweeties) for a few and my paper bag of fish 'n fries was ready to go before I knew (ten minutes actually, so you might want to call ahead for carryout.)The place is much larger than the Old Town location, so it's easy to dine in. I should mention the food is just as good here, i.e., it's amazing.  I'll let you know about TNT Bar next chance I get. Also, if you like Fresca, try the Lilt in the Pineapple and Grapefruit flavor. Where do they get this stuff?!?!
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,9/9/2012,82,173,3,9,5>This is relatively a new joint in the Annandale, VA Korean strip. I didn't hear about this until a friend mentioned. The name is bit misleading; the "Sul" on the restaurant name means "alcohol" in Korean -- which tells you that this is a bar/lounge place just from the name. I have no idea why they chose this name when it's clearly a sit-down family-style restaurant. I wouldn't certainly name it this way if I was going for a restaurant. Upon entrance to the restaurant, there is a fancy bar; so maybe this place turns into a hip bar/lounge at nights.Anyways, it's located right behind the famed "Tosokjib" and across from "Honeypig". The parking is ample, so you won't have to deal with that.The interior is very clean; they themed for old-school Korean days but it gives bit modern-like look at the same time. I think it's pretty cool that they hit both styles.This isn't your class Korean-BBQ style joint. The menu is a paper right front of you. They don't seem to have 40+ items like most Korean joints do in Annandale, but they offer many classic and flagship items and is relatively inexpensive. Their combo selections are very attractive for both portion and price but I didn't get them.3 friends and I went for Thursday night dinner around 7PM. It wasn't crowded at all. We ordered 3 items; a casserole (gamja-jeongol), noodle dish (gooksoo), and a meat dish (sooyook). 3 are very share-able items and plenty for a table of four. All were solid.The service was particularly good. Maybe it was just that night and wasn't crowded. We were frequently checked up but didn't distract our dinner conversation. Personally, I welcome restaurants like this. There are too many restaurants focus on Korean BBQ; where after about two visits -- they all taste the same. Annandale lacked signature places where they focus less on meat and focus more on the traditional signature dishes and I believe this place provide my needs. I'll be coming back for more.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,9/8/2012,78,60,6,7,10>From my visit during their soft opening, I can tell that this restaurant has great potential to become a well known restaurant in this area.The crawfish were big, fresh, and juicy. There were absolutely none that were dead in the batch, not like at Hot n Juicy where its a 50/50 chance. The seasoning is a little bit on the salty/cajun side which is fine for me but others may find a little too salty.We also had shrimp and mussels which were both just as good as the crawfish.You must try the sweet potato fries and cajun fries! They make it fresh and they come out still hot and crispy with the perfect cajun seasoning.One big plus of Chasin Tails is their full bar. The drinks we ordered were made properly, which I appreciate since most restaurants skimp on the alcohol, not that I am an alcoholic or anything :) I ordered the strawberry mojito which was meddled with fresh strawberries and mint leaves.Service was attentive and quick. Our server kept coming back to ask if we needed anything.All in all, I will come back to try their full menu since they are now in full effect!
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2012,9/7/2012,421,454,6,10,9>Tachibana has been around for years.  We used to say, "One of these days we'll try it."  As time went by, that changed to, "One of these years we'll try it."  Well... that day came today.We went on a Saturday night, arriving there a few minutes before 5 p.m.  The restaurant opens for dinner at 5 p.m.  As we were waiting, we were surprised to see many more cars arrive and a growing line formed.  This concerned us as we didn't make reservations.  It turned out, that there were 3 large parties that were dining there.  Despite that, there were plenty of empty tables so our worries about the lack of a reservation were for naught.  The people with reservations were seated first, as was expected.Our server showed up promptly to take our drink orders.  My husband had a small Kirin beer while I had a glass of plum wine.  The plum wine came in a martini glass.  I was amused as I've never seen it served that way.For our meals, we got complete meals with our entrees.  With a complete meal, you get soup, salad, appetizer and dessert.  I ordered the "regular sushi" which consisted of 11 pieces of sushi---6 tuna roll pieces and 5 nigiri pieces --- tuna, shrimp, octopus, mackerel and white tuna.  I also had miso soup, seaweed salad, vegetable tempura and red bean ice cream for dessert.The miso soup was very flavorful and full bodied.  I found the seaweed salad to have a nice sesame oil flavor.  The seaweed itself wasn't the most tender that I've had but still, I didn't feel like I was chewing it forever.  My appetizer was vegetable tempura.  This came out piping hot with a light, crispy batter.  The vegetables were green pepper, broccoli, sweet potato, zucchini and yellow squash.As for the sushi --- It was good quality.  However, I've had tuna that just about melts in your mouth---that wasn't the case with the tuna here.  [Edited to add this---Thanks to Corbo E. for giving me a detailed description of the various types of tuna.  This caused us to look more closely at the menu.  The only tuna used at Tachibana is maguro and yellowtail.]   I was pleasantly surprised to find that the nigiri was made the authentic way.  Instead of the ubiquitous sticky rice found in nigiri these days, the rice didn't stick together which was fine with me.  It has been a long time since I've encountered sushi made this way.  The octopus was on the tender size---not the most tender that I've had but far better than some of the rubbery stuff that's out there.My husband had miso soup, green salad, yakitori (chicken on skewers with green peppers and onions) and red bean ice cream.  For his entree, he had tuna sashimi which came with a bowl of rice.  He said that the green salad (lettuce and tomato) had an oil and vinegar dressing on it.  That was a disappointment as other places will add more flavorful dressings to their salads.  I tasted a bit of his yakitori.  It was good but nothing to write home about---I thought.  However, my husband really liked it.He was surprised as to how thickly his tuna was sliced.  While he liked it, he did agree with me that we've had better quality elsewhere.We both enjoyed the red bean ice cream.  That's something that is not often found in Japanese restaurants these days.Would we go back?  Sure---if we're in that area again and craving sushi.  Service was excellent---everyone was very friendly.  We also noticed that they had quite a few regular customers.  What impressed us was that we were treated just as well as the regulars.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2012,9/6/2012,966,3217,3,10,6>Ed Lloyd runs Elite Design Build - a small company that does all sorts of custom work. Ed used to build custom houses and now does everything from custom kitchens and bathrooms to decks and you name it. Elite Design Build is a family business - so in addition to Ed - several of Ed's sons were also involved in the hard work of making my garage into the Masterpiece it now is!Last year I had Elite Design Build finish my garage. Yes, finish my garage!Ed worked with me on the design. After we agreed on the design and the price, he set a start date. The work included:- Priming, sanding and painting all of the walls and ceiling of the garage- Building a custom shelving unit from scratch out of Oak- Designing and building a custom shelf to hold my Christmas Tree box- Building a custom box out of wood to to hold my Christmas Tree- Installing a countertop workspace - with overhead cabinetry and one floor mounted cabinet- Designing a custom storage slot beneath the countertop to hold furnace filters- Installing two sheets of Slatwall MX on the garage walls- Installing one Pegboard X2 on the garage wall- Installing one electrical outlet power strip- Installing three under cabinet LED light fixtures- Installing paper towel holder and fire extinguisher mounts- Installing a battery holder- Staining the wooden steps and handrail leading into the house- Installing a wall mount bracket for an Airport Extreme Base Station- Staining and sealing the concrete floor with a special concrete stain- Installing a small refrigerator- Installing a hose reel- Installing a wall mounted shop vac- Designed, built, and installed custom wall mount holders for my folding patio table and patio table umbrella and a bracket to keep the table from opening while on the wallIt took a while to get everything completed - but the finished garage looks amazing! I get comments and compliments about it all the time! Some folks like to refer to it as my "Man Cave." I've had people out walking through the neighborhood in warm weather stop and do a double take as they walk by if the garage door is open! Check out the pictures of my garage I've uploaded to the business listing.Ed and Elite Design Build also took care of a couple of other issues at my condo that were making me crazy - including installing a grill over the external exhaust port from the bathroom ceiling fan - birds were getting inside the outside duct port, building nests and jamming up the duct work - which was leading to condensation build up in the ductwork, resulting in water build up in the duct, ultimately cascading out of the ceiling fan vent in my downstairs bathroom. Ed then got up in the ceiling and sealed the seams on the ductwork inside the ceiling which were leaking cold air - which was shoddily installed by the builder. He then insulated the ductwork in the ceiling above the bathroom. He also took apart my ceiling fan - which was now rusting from all of the condensation - cleaned it up, lubricated it - and sealed it so no more cold air or condensation would leak in or out inside the ceiling space.If you need any custom work or handyman jobs - contact Ed. He does not have a store front or such - but you can reach him at:  elitedesignbuild@aol.com - or call: (540) 937-4710. He does wonderful work! Highly recommended! And a super nice guy!
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,9/5/2012,66,231,1,10,7>Ravi, I have a love/hate relationship with you.  Which might be surprising, given that I'm rating you a 5...but really, it's because you're so damn tasty that my bf keeps insisting that we eat there.  Like, ALL the time.I always get the boneless chicken, no salad, with some chick peas and some spinach.  Tasty, tasty, tasty!!! and fairly reasonably priced.  Usually, it's enough for me to have a small-ish dinner (just enough so i'm not hungry...but not necessarily full), and a tupperware for lunch the following day.  The boyfriend, of course, eats one whole serving, plus an extra helping of rice and chick peas.---COMPARISON WITH KABOB PALACE---Kabob palace used to be our go-to kabobs place...and it still is, if we're craving something close to home past midnight (which doesn't happen that often).  Honestly, I think these two establishments are pretty similar (I order the same things), with a few exceptions.1) Boneless chicken--Ravi wins, hands down.  Kabob Palace's tends to be a little on the dry side--which is really disappointing.  While not as consistent as KP's, Ravi's is usually juicier--or at least, not as dry as KP's.2) Chick peas--depends on your taste.  The ones at KP are mild, and a little "sweeter."  Nowhere near spicy.  Ravi's is a little spicy--I personally like that little extra kick (though I can't eat too much too fast).  Not a fan of the onions, however.3) Yogurt--I like the yogurt sauce here a little better--it's a little less watery, and a bit tangier4) Time from call-in to order: Ravi is way faster than KP, for some odd reason.  Customer service sucks in both places, though.5) the only minus for Ravi--it's cash only.  Which is super sad, given that I tend not to carry much cash on me.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2012,9/4/2012,52,137,,7,2>The only reason I even gave this small stand a chance was because of the rave yelp reviews! I would've probably ignored it otherwise and have missed out on the awesomeness that is Pedro & Vinny's Burritos!This is legit. The burritos are HUGE and the fillings and sauces are so flavorful. The staff is extremely helpful and explain the process if its your first time in there.Chicken, Pork, Steak, or veggie...choice of about 5 tortilla wraps..or you can make it a salad or bowl (perfect for when you're craving but don't want all the calories). They also leave out a bag of chips and their homemade salsas so you can try them before you decide. I personally like the cilantro habanero (spicy and flavor packed!). The mango habanero seems to be the most popular though.They steam the wrap with the cheese on it so it gets all melty..then you get the choice of your typical burrito fillings, plus cucumber, which I thought was different and completely played with my tastebuds. It almost cooled down the burrito and added a refreshing, light twist.GO HERE you will NOT be disappointed! Park in CVS parking lot..sit outside..2 burritos + 2 waters under 20 bucks and prepare to be STUFFED.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2012,9/3/2012,22,167,2,4,3>I was pleasantly surprised at what a neat little venue this was.  Came here the other night for the Dawn Landes/Carsie Blanton show.  Ticket price was comparable to seeing a show at a bar in DC, but with the convenience of being only 15 min away from my home in Reston and without the hassle of finding parking or threat of being mugged/murdered/insert-random-crime.  It ended up being a great sounding, very intimate accoustic show with what looked to be around 100 patrons.  They offer a full bar and a decent (if limited) menu.  I'll give them 5 stars if they improve their craft beer offerings.  If a band you like is coming to town or you just want to go to a chill place to hear some live music, this is a great place to go.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2012,9/2/2012,316,550,8,6,5>the owner/manager of this particular place is modernized and understands the consumer....he offers some YUMMY sides on the menu!!!The chicken can sometimes take a while to come out...but order some apps?? some DELICIOUS APPS? such as the OH SO YUMMY pork belly buns?? the seasoned fries? the calamari was good too (seasoned with the same seasoning on the fries), although i think it would'v ebeen better to be breaded less (I would still pick the fries over the calamari).OH and every single time before I go eat bonchon, I alwayhs mention..hmm, i wish they would have some veggie options on the menu so I won't feel SO guilty eating all that fried deliciousness..guess what I saw on the menu today?!! SALADS!!! traditional, ceasar...i mean in the end, did i order it? of course not. but it's great that they offer it! AND i saw some people ordering it, I"ll admit, it looked pretty appealing! My date thought the pork buns were so good that he ordered another order AFTER the chicken had already come out!!ONLY DOWNSIDE:  they used to give radish and kimchi coleslaw for free with your order, now you can only pick one free side (rice, coleslaw, etc.) and only the radish is for free =( BRING BACK THE SIDES!!!!!!!!!!!!Otherwise, I''m still impressed with this place :)
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2012,9/1/2012,88,210,3,4,4>It's like a laid back Apple Store with food! The space is large and features numerous couches, cushy chairs, coffee tables, dinner tables, and coolest of all-the ipad bar. There must have been at least 6 of them tethered to a table, and ready for use. However, stupid me, I bought coffee in the coffee shop, and the sign said absolutely no food or drink around the ipads. Thus, I just had to slump in a well upholstered chair and pick up the wifi from a neighboring pizza joint, because Coffeesmith password protects their wifi, and I didn't see the password posted anywhere. Also, I wasn't feeling social enough to ask for the password.The medium hazelnut mocha frapp I had was perfect for a warm Wednesday, although $4.50 seemed a little steep. This is not like a runny, air-filled Strabucks frap. The thing was milkshake thick, and my straw sucking noises more than once elicited glances from the guy typing on his laptop. I had meant to get a mid-afternoon pastry, but the display case contained many items wrapped in cellophane, which is always a turn off. I think it subconsciously denotes that the items aren't fresh. They would totally suck me in if they just unwrapped the plastic.The sign said they serve breakfast and lunch, but in the in between hour of my visit these options were not exercised.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,8/31/2012,210,261,,6,3>Recently voted one of  the top 100 best restaurants lists by the Washingtonian Magazine, my husband and I decided we HAD  to see what all the hoopla was about.   So we decided to celebrate Valentines Day at Trumme'rs on Main.Trummer's is located in Clifton Virgina.  Clifton is known for million dollar estates, newer wineries, and where rich people with horses want to live.  It is NoVa's best representation of the Virginia horse and wine country.  Trummer's has a very southern feel and old world charm to it.  The restaurant itself is housed in what I can only describe as a civil war era estate home.  There are a few different floors to dine on within the restaurant  and each of them is unique in itself.The food, was meticulously prepared. I started off with Oysters which were served with a cucumber, avocado foam. It was the strangest pairing of foods Ive ever had together, but the taste and presentation were both outstanding.  It was so fresh and unique tasting, but by no means over bearing.  My husband had the rock shrimp to start. His plate was good, but lacked the fusion of tastes my plate had. If I had to do it again, Id order the oyster plate and not the shrimp plate.As a Main plate, I had the tuna plate which was served over a bed of greens and edamame with a honey type sauce (not sure exactly what it was but man it was good).  It was out of this world.  There were so many flavors fused together my taste buds were extremely busy trying to figure it all out.  I ate every bite!  My husband had the pork shoulder which was also excellent.  It was very tender and the fusion of the fruit and sugars blended together was simply delish!We finished with the Popcorn Ice Cream, which is by far THE BEST dessert Ive ever had.  I'm not sure who thought of this, but wow was I floored. The ice cream is the creamiest Ive ever had (and homemade) , it was served over a wafer and some caramel corn and caramel!  It was absolutely delectable!  Overall, our experience at Trummer's on Main was great.  Our server was attentive without being precocious. And although this place was pretty pricey, it definitely is a great place for " special occasions".  The one thing I would note to other readers is that this place is not for the casual.  Most men were in sports coats and ladies were at a minimum business casual.  My husband and I did not realize this and felt a tad under dressed.  I wouldn't recommend this place unless your a serious foodie and not on a tight budget.  The portion were good, but like most expensive places, not great, so if your looking to really eat and be full, this probably isn't the best place to go.  This is the type of place you go to experience the art of food at its best!  If you can appreciate that, then this place is for you.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/20/2012,8/30/2012,168,304,5,5,4>What can I say about this place?  For $10 you really can't complain.  There are enough things being served for you to get your money worth.  I have only been here for lunch, so I can't comment on dinner yet.  Though I think this is just a fad since it is new.  Once they get established they will raise the price and all the old Asian people will not come. =)  I know that sounds bad, but I know a handful of people that will probably stop going.  No, I'm not one of them.  Now on to the food.  When you first walk in, on the right hand side you will see the sushi and sea food section.  The times I've been there, they have had shrimp and clams on ice.  The sushi is nothing to get excited about.  They have mostly rolls.  The pieces are super small with lots of rice.  They do have that neon green seaweed salad.  That is a plus.  I could eat that stuff all day.  The next section is where the standardized Asian food is.  Fried rice, white rice, lo mein, chicken, shrimp, veggies, spring rolls, and so on.  Next to that section is the Hibachi grill.  Now don't get this confused with a Mongolian grill.  They are different.  While they both are basically stir fry, this place basically only uses teriyaki sauce.  Next to that, they have some type of carving station.  The times I've been there, it's been either a slab of steak, sausage, or ribs.  Behind this section, is the ice cream.  The ice cream is packed in individual cups, no soft serve.  Then comes the soups and salad bar.I've probably been about 4 times now and pretty much have had everything there.  Taste wise, it's pretty much like any Chinese buffet you've been to.  Everything taste the same.  Some things are good, and some are not.  They seem to change up the foods that are served each day.  Overall, this place isn't bad.  For $10 you can't beat the price.  Now, how can you maximize your $10 investment?  Well, let me tell you.  I would say eat up all their shrimp, but I have no clue on how long that shrimp has been on that ice.  I'm a little scared, so I'll back off that.  If you really want to do some damage, eat as much of the neon green seaweed salad at the sushi section.  That stuff is pretty expensive everywhere you go.  I could probably sit down and eat one of the entire bowls there.  That alone could be your $10 worth.  Next, I'd say hit up the coconut shrimp on the hot bar, we all know shrimp can get pricey.  Though this stuff is breaded, you can still pack away a ton of them.  Then, hit up the Hibachi, load up on the meats.  I think there was lamb.  I've only had it once.  The problem is, it takes too long to make.  There is only one person cooking so it takes forever.  You won't get your fill on the sushi since it's so little fish and tons of rice.  You are probably thinking I'm just being a cheap Chinese guy for that, you are right, I am. =) Though, I haven't done what I suggested above.  I like to mix things up and try everything I can.  I don't go to buffets just to eat the expensive stuff.  Just trying to make this post entertaining =)So if you've got the time and $10 go give them a try. I'll be back again.  Maybe i'll see you there.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,8/29/2012,139,897,,3,3>I have taken my time in visiting this museum but it was worth the trip. The arrival of space shuttle Discovery finally kicked me off the proverbial couch and I made the trip out to Dulles to pay this museum a visit.And I was amazed after visiting this museum. The original Air and Space museum in DC pales in comparison to this museum.Lots of things to see for the aeronautically inclined, the engineers, and also just regular folks!Parking is $15 per car and food is expensive here tho :(
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2012,8/28/2012,112,197,3,3,3>A hidden gem.  Alexandria Cupcake is yet another foray into the cupcakery business in the DC area (Chicago has their pizza, the Southwest has Tex Mex, and apparently DC is trying to make cupcakes their local thing).I really like it.  It automatically gets great points for being in family and fun friendly Old Town Alexandria, and the pricing here is actually really good considering much of Old Town's restaurants are trying to basically be a "rich man's" Georgetown, strange as that might seem.At any rate, the cupcakes are moist, and I'm not really a sweets-eater, but I do enjoy a red velvet cupcake every once in a while.5 Stars - definitely check it out.  A welcome change of pace from the perpetually slammed (and vastly overrated) Georgetown Cupcake
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2012,8/27/2012,281,287,7,10,8>Apparently we got lucky on a very rainy Wednesday night when visiting Honey Pig with Sheri G and her hubbie, since no line to get in is, so I'm told, quite rare.  But, they were still ready for the crowds with their 'get em in and get em' out attitude!  Pretty funny.  By the end of our meal, the servers had relaxed and let us sit for a few minutes since there was many an open table.Anyhoo, what a delicious joint!  As we are still fairly new to Korean food, we let Sheri and the hubbie take care of ordering for the table.  They didn't steer us wrong.  It is, however, kind of disgusting how much food the 4 of us put away, which included bolgogi, some delicious saucy pork dish, kimchi pancake, dumplings, another meat on the grill, and of course the customary banchan.  We ate everything.  I wasn't a huge fan of the banchan (Yechon's is much tastier IMO), especially that weird gelatinous square, but everything else was scrumptious.  And damn is this place reasonable.  For 4 of us, I think the total was under $100, including drinks, and we had a Groupon which scored us an even bigger deal.  I can just hear HP beckoning me from on high to revisit...lines or no lines.  At least we would have the crazy loud dance music to entertain us while we wait...
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2012,8/26/2012,657,1045,10,25,21>Rounding out Robert Wiedmaier's Old Town trifecta is Butcher's Block, located adjacent to BRABO Tasting Room...which is located adjacent to BRABO.  Husband and I are *big* fans of the BRABO empire.  Butcher's Block is no exception.First of all, it reminds me of a Parisian market with its cerulean, black and white subway tiles, and an array of beautiful wines marching up and down the walls and along Erector Set shelving.  The joint is always clean and gleaming, ever a welcome sight anywhere I venture to purchase foodstuffs.Second of all, BB's selection of wines, beers, meats, cheeses, kitchen accessories, and various and sundry culinary accoutrements is thoughtfully edited.  The all-natural, locally-raised meat case is a spectacular sight to behold -- even for a recently lapsed vegetarian -- with its ruby-red, perfectly marbled cuts of beef, plump house-made sausages, and festive patés made on-site.  Artful spurtles and stirring spoons are handmade by a woodturner out of Springfield.  The artisinal cheese selection is limited but singular, with most coming from dairies in Virginia or Maryland.  Fresh-baked baguettes, handmade chocolates, and oil-cured olives beckon from temptingly arranged displays.  And the beer, glorious beer: local beer, Belgian beer, and Wiedmaier's own Antigoon, brewed exclusively for his restaurants by Belgium's Brouwerij De Musketiers.All this plus picnic-ready sandwiches and sides, as well as live cooking demos and tastings, make BB the perfect one-stop shop in Old Town.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,8/25/2012,138,252,5,8,7>Had no trouble getting in with another person around 10 on a Thursday.  The decor in the bar room is cozy and appropriately speakeasy-like--lots of dark wood and intimate lighting.  Seated at the bar next to some of the most stereotypical recent college grads who think they have taste and sophistication because they've managed to end up here and not McFadden's. At least they made for entertaining eavesdropping. The bartender was chatty if you wanted him to be and left you alone if you didn't. Drinks were mixed with flair and obvious enjoyment. There were so many amazing sounding options though the one involving duck sauce seemed a little too adventurous to me. Loved my creative champagne cocktail though.  Some people say this place is pretentious, but I really didn't get that vibe. Maybe a little gimmicky, but then aren't all speakeasies?
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,8/24/2012,129,171,5,11,6>Tucked away from the main street of Clarendon is this little gem, the Green Pig Bistro.  Since it's not on the main Clarendon strip, it seemed a lot less douchey than some places that I dare not speak their name, so food aside the place has that going for it.  The inside of the place is nicely decorated and a bit loud due to people having a good time, but hey, what's so wrong with that?  Like any place that's worth going to, there was a bit of a wait.. like 15 minutes on a Thursday night.. but not a big deal because there's a bar to drink at.  Their beer selection is solid, and their wine selection seemed expansive.  I'm not a wine drinker though, so whether it's good or not is anybody's guess.My friend and I ordered the bacon cheeseburger, the mac n cheese, and the corn bread with maple glaze.   We split all the items and even with two of us there were plenty of leftovers.   So when you order a cheeseburger at some place at random you really don't expect anything, and to my surprise it turned out that the burger there is ridiculously good.  I would say possibly the best in Arlington.  I know, that's a tall claim, and it needs further research, but the thing was good.  I mean real good.  I want to be friends with it type good.The reason I went there though was to try out the mac n cheese, which was excellent.   Definitely had gouda and it also had bread crumbs which I think is essential for any mac n cheese.  Yep, this place gets 5 stars and will probably be the top spot I recommend in Arlington until some other place knocks it down from being king of the hill.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2013,7/19/2013,375,803,8,13,10>My previous trips to Vermilion were inexplicable misfires.  The service was good, but the food and drink were always surprisingly off target given the amount of praise heaped upon the place and Chef Chittum by the local food media.  After my last poor experience, I vowed "Never again!"  However, Chef Chittum left Vermilion this past winter.  The gf and I met the new chef, Will Morris, at this year's Cochon 555, who assured us that changes had been made.  As a result, I decided to break my vow and take the gf to Vermilion for dinner.  From an aesthetics standpoint, Vermilion is one of the nicer looking restaurants in Old Town, an area with plenty of beautiful, well-appointed dining rooms.  We arrived about 15 minutes early for our 5:30 reservation.  They weren't quite ready to seat us since dinner service starts at 5:30, so we went to the bar for a drink.  I had the classic Mint Julep ($12).  Despite the changes in the kitchen, Vermilion's cocktails are unchanged and are still pricey for what you get.  While it possessed the requisite bourbony goodness, sugary sweetness, and mintiness, the mint julep didn't quite measure up in taste, presentation, and value compared to the superior one found at a lesser price at the nearby Majestic. We checked in for our reservation, were led upstairs and seated promptly at 5:30.  We looked over the standard menu, but decided to go with the daily changing, 4-course Chef's Tasting Menu ($60).  We received the Baby Beet Variations.  yelp.com/biz_photos/verm…  As a kid, I hated beets since they were the canned beets served by my grade school cafeteria.  These were not those!  Next, we had Seared Maryland Fluke.   yelp.com/biz_photos/verm… It was perfectly seared leaving the interior moist, and flaky.  The roasted eggplant, spinach and housemade dill yogurt that accompanied the fluke elevated the dish to my favorite of the night.  Our third course was the Seared Beef Sirloin.   yelp.com/biz_photos/verm…  My sirloin was cooked precisely to my requested medium-rare.  However, the gf and I both agreed that the meat had been oversalted prior to it being cooked leaving it saltier than I'd prefer, but still edible.  This was also the one dish that we both thought the amount of steak received was a bit skimpy.  Our meal closed with the Ricotta-Poppy Seed Fritters. yelp.com/biz_photos/verm…  It was an exceedingly well executed dessert.  Not too sweet, but lots of contrasting flavors presented in a pleasing way.    Never let it be said, that I didn't give Vermilion a second or, in this case, a third chance to make a good impression.  Service continues to be a strength.  Finally, Vermilion's food lived up to its lofty press.  The only difference (and it's a biggie) between my previous visits and this one was the change in chefs.  It was a much-needed change for the better...way better!  Now, if only the cocktail program could be similarly energized like the food, then it would have the potential to be worthy of 5 stars.  Right now, however, it's 4-stars.  I'm sure the gf and I will be back.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,7/18/2013,164,25,2,8,5>I'm going to write this review comparing it to Honey Pig and Oegadgib since those two restaurants are the ones i go to in Annadale.This is place is tucked away off of litte river turnpike and parking is scared in the lot outside the restaurant. You either have to park at the adjacent lot or park across the street (many people don't know this).They are doing a promotion for their grand opening so they have a bbq buffet for ~$19 option A (4 types of meat, miso beef, spicy pork belly, and the other two wasn't that good) and ~27 for option B (option A with intestine and shit). This might last awhile so you guys should hit it up before they end the promo.This place is PACKED, at least 1/1.5 hr. wait during peak. Go during off peak hours.They have utensils in a drawer below the table so don't be a noob and asking for chopsticks and spoons.At the end they bring this spicy dish which you can mix with rice to "finish" your meal. They also have TV's all around where the programming varies from sports to k-pop music vidsMeat, quality and price is definitely better than Honey Pig. It doesn't look frozen at all.Much better deal in terms of quality of meat, service, price and cleanliness over Oegadgib.Updated Review 08/08/2014:So Since they first opened, they've increased their price $2-3 dollars for option A. If the place is not packed and you can pick a table to sit, I recommend the tables without a grill. This is my favorite thing since they cook it in the kitchen in fraction of the time it takes to cook at your table. If you're starving and have starving friends, get this table. The staff is excellent, friendly and they kept bringing us meat till we tapped out.10/10 would go again.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/20/2013,7/17/2013,5,123,1,6,3>This place opened today and looks like I'm lucky enough to write the first Yelp review. People say first impressions are everything but being the restaurant business I can give them some leeway granted that they haven't had a chance to work out the kinks yet. So based on that there were definitely some high notes as well as a few low. There's great potential here and I can't wait to see how they progress. The design and atmosphere was fantastic. There's a huge bar that runs the length of the restaurant and it has a modern but comfortable feel. The service was attentive and friendly. Our waitress seemed to be experienced and knowledgeable of the menu considering it had literally only been open for maybe an hour. The food is where the ups and downs appeared. One positive was the complimentary bread with olive oil and pesto. As simple as it is this is one of the things I enjoyed the most. Following that I ordered the burger with everything that it includes in the description. This is where the let down came. On the menu is says the burger is made of ground short rib, brisket and chuck... you can't ask for a better combination of meats to make a gourmet burger but unfortunately my "medium" burger was more "extremely well done" and the bun that seemed like it was only meant to be toasted came nearly burnt. Needless to say I wasn't too impressed there but on the other hand the fries were great. They're what I would call "rustically" cut.. all different sizes and shapes but  I love fresh cut fries and these didn't disappoint. My fiance had the chicken parmigiano sandwich which she loved. I had a bite and it couldn't even be compared to my burger... it was delicious. On a side note.. although neither of us tried them.. the pizzas looked and smelled fantastic.Overall I'm excited to have this place nearby and look forward to trying it again in the near future after they work through the initial bugs of opening a new restaurant.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,7/16/2013,81,108,1,8,4>A great stylist is like a best friend.  You want someone who listens to your crazy ideas, compliments you when you're feeling down, and through it all - no matter how loony you sound or how many ledges you must be talked off of - they're there for you at the end of day, reaffirming your life decisions.Theresa is that stylist.  She took me in broken and battered by the slew of stylists I've been through over the last decade.  Disenfranchised, unsure of my own opinion.  In her steadfast hands, my hair came back to life.  Bouncy, shiny, perfect cut and color that actually reflected what I asked for.  She is indeed great with color- ask her for whatever your heart desires (really, truly) and she'll make it happen.  I asked for subtle caramel highlights, a bit of ombre color at the tips, and choppy bangs with layering throughout.  Voila! There it was.  I expected it to be nothing like I had in mind (as this what normally happens when I go to salons), but it was just what I wanted.  She's the first stylist to ever tell me my hair looked healthy and to keep doing what I was doing- a major plus because I'm tired of being told I don't know how to take care of my own hair and that I need this or that product to get better hair.  Above all this- she is a sweet, kind woman who is easy to talk to and makes you feel at home in her cozy little salon.  Don't come expecting to find hoards of people, uppity stylists or arrogant product-pushers, that's not her style.  And it is so refreshing.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/4/2013,7/15/2013,86,120,,5,3>Nice space. I'm all about intellectual property, and that's obviously supposed to be the theme, as reflected in the decor. I have mixed feelings about the placement, but generally liked seeing a large drawing of George Washington Carver (a great inventor and patentee who was born a slave), right outside the women's bathroom. The crowd is older and more "suit and tie" than I expected (plus people who live/stay nearby). Even so, most were friendly.Went for neighborhood happy hour, and was slightly disappointed by the lack of happy hour specials. They failed to present a case for why one should get there during the happy hour time frame. I believe there are a couple of wines or beers that are slightly less expensive than usual, like at $2 less than normal or something, and they have one $8 bourbon cocktail...but with more appealing house cocktails starting for $10 (reasonable for what you get, and for Alexandria, but not enough to convince the crew to add this into the regular rotation), we were pretty much indifferent about everything. A good thing, the server tried to work with us a little bit, and was fairly attentive, even though by the time we really started ordering things, it was crowded. Food: The pretzel bites were tasty. The calamari breading was soft, not crispy, though I enjoyed the kalamata aioli the calamari was served with, after figuring out what the pastel purple-black sauce was, but the combination was too salty. Biggest problem was that the squid needs to be crispy, otherwise, the texture can be an unwelcome reminder that you are eating squid. Also, there were so many little tentacle clusters...I couldn't bring myself to eat more than a couple, especially considering that they were not really crispy either, so I didn't eat half of it, and I was hungry.Also somewhat disappointed by the advertisement of  "complimentary bites" which was really just complimentary cheese squares with not enough bread and crackers. So for example, one of my friends who arrived about an hour after it started, was able to fill her plate with cheese, and only cheese. It was slightly uncomfortable for me to watch her trying to eat all of that lonely cheese...but the cheese was good. I would return since it is so close to work, but no rush. Decent atmosphere, compelling food options but I have a feeling the execution might be lacking in some.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,7/14/2013,43,103,,20,8>My family and I tried the place out this past weekend for a late lunch.  It's a small but cozy place, nicely decorated.  We met the two brothers who owned and ran the place (P and K) and they were very friendly, helpful and provided great service.We ordered a lot of food: appetizers, salads, entrees and even dessert!  We were very pleased with the taste and presentation of everything.  My only complaint was that the Lad Na w/beef was a little lacking in flavor, and both the regular rice and fried rice we had was a bit on the extra dry side.  Nonetheless everything else we had more than made up for those couple dishes.  They have a fried fish dish with green beans that was SO SO GOOD.  Their Larb Gai and Papaya Salad were on point too.We'll definitely return.  It's always nice to support a local, family owned business :)
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/2/2013,7/13/2013,65,280,2,3,2>Sometimes authentic is good, sometimes authentic is too authentic!  After having watched one of the food or travel specials stop in at Eamonn's, I decided to surprise my fish & chips-loving wife with a trip there.   The host said this was the only place to get truly authentic Irish fish - so we had solid expectations.  The moral of the story is that sometimes 'merican culinary innovation is a good thing - we determined that we preferred flakier British-style fried fish compared to the Irish 'wrapped' fried fish that Eamonn's serves.  Does that make me a bad person?   No.  Does that make me ineligible for membership in the Sons of the IRA?  Probably.  The fish was good, the dish obviously well executed.  The sauces were tasty.  The staff was friendly.  Parking was a pain but it always is there.  My two girls had a fun time in the interesting restaurant, and truly enjoyed the ice cream afterwards.  We'll be back for sure to try other fish, maybe even the Ray, but do note this is a very different style of fried fish than what many are used to.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,7/12/2013,67,229,1,3,3>I can't believe I've lived here so long and never discovered this place. I always have such low expectations for desserts and pastries. I never order dessert when I go to restaurants. I'm not a "sweets" person because I've been disappointed so many times. Off flavors, stale textures, desserts looking better than they taste. Well, this place has just changed all that. I am blown away by the quality. Everything I put in my mouth from here was as good as any dessert I've ever had, including those from the incredible patisseries in Belgium and France. The macarons here are simply amazing. Airy, crunchy exterior with a creamy-chewy interior. Pure heaven! The mini key lime pie was just melt in your mouth delicious with a silky texture and tart lime flavor and delicate little crust. The proprietors of this shop are so proud of their products, as well they should be. Everything is freshly made and magnificent to behold. It's a feast for the stomach and the eyes. I was told they even make their own phyllo dough for the baklava. I can't wait to find out how it tastes. I will be going back again and again for the freshly baked breads, pain au chocolat, macarons, mini pies and tarts, baklava and much, much more! Shame on me for driving by this place so many times and not going inside!Edited to add, the best baklava I've ever had.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,7/11/2013,498,437,5,9,7>#46More like a 4.5.. But definitely my GO TO Thai restaurant. I don't even bother looking anymore. Why? 3 fundamental reasons: 1. Dirt CHEAP for a Thai restaurant so close to Arlington (it's Seven Corners actually but whatever, less than 3 miles from my place in Ballston). 2. CONVENIENCE- get it in the morning, get it in the evening, get it at suppppper time (3 miles away from my place, on my way to work, and back) It's too easy to hit it I'm not even going to try NOT to. 3. LEGIT DELICIOUS- soo good. i'll stop right there.I still have yet to try their Laotian menu .. so that's next on my agenda. Thai is my top 5 fave cuisines so it was hard to venture from that my first couple of times there. On my list the next time I'm there!The delicious dishes: Pad Thai, Pad See Ew, Tom Khar (must get EVERY time), Shrimp with mixed veggies in a brown oyster sauce (totally forgot the name), and Panang Curry. DELICIOUS!! How I heart you Bangkok Golden!
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,7/10/2013,225,575,2,7,5>My family and I enjoyed our feast at Thai Square.  We ordered:Papaya Salad - Typical spicy Thai papaya salad.Yuan nua - Known as beef salad.  The sauce (dressing) was flavorful with the right combustion of ingredients (fish sauce, sugar, lime juice, garlic, Thai peppers).  The beef was cooked to perfection aka medium rare.Pad See Ew - The flat noodle was cooked well (not too soft / hard).  Fried Catfish - We were somewhat disappointed with this dish as the entire fish was not brought out.  Normally Asian restaurants will keep the fish head on.  Not this time.  Ham Hocks - Mom ordered the ham hocks off of the traditional Thai menu.  I'm not accustomed to eating ham hocks so I was in-different about the dish.  But I do love bacon!  The service was great especially since mom was speaking the native tongue.  Requests were promptly served with a smile.  As others stated, parking can be tedious.  If there's no available street parking, then take advantage of the free valet parking.  The Thai Square valet attendants stand-out wearing a yellow vest and will park your car behind the restaurant.Seating is limited in the restaurant so arrive early during peak dinner hours to ensure seating.  The prices are comparable to the other Thai restaurants on Columbia Pike.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2012,7/13/2012,64,109,2,6,5>So - I've decided.  Eventide is about as swanky as you want it to be.  Class it up with dark jeans and heels, or glam it up with, well, whatever you do - shiny things, maybe - and you'll be good to go.  I came here for my birthday dinner and was immediately impressed by the service - and hey, coat check!  I don't normally eat at places that take my coat.  Eventide, you had me at hello.The man-friend and I walked up the back staircase and were immediately shown a booth, where the sides opened like car doors.  I felt like we were about to lift off and blast away - the booths were blue and plush, and it was a ridiculous amount of room for two people.  Very comfortable. :)  Our waitress was 'tres' knowledgeable' about everything on the menu, and luckily for me, red or white wine could work with my chosen dish of the ravioli with butternut squash puree.  I chose an Albarino, which was perfect, nice and tart but not heavy.  The pour wasn't excessive, but definitely sizable.  It held me until we were done with our meals.  The boy ordered the Amish chicken with kaleidoscope carrots, which I was pretty excited to see.  Maybe I'm twelve years old.  Maybe...His dish came with what we thought were mashed potatoes, but as the waitress explained to us, it's technically a 'parfait', for a couple of reasons I don't remember.  But there were parsnips and cream in there.  Unique.  I tried some, and preferred them with a touch of salt.  As was the case with my dish, two lines of hand-rolled ravs in a delectable squash puree with flash fried Brussel Sprouts as a garnish.  I was nervous to try them, but they were actually delicioso.  They also stayed with me throughout the night, if you know what I mean.  Eep.We didn't try any dessert, but the apple cobbler looked verrry nice.  Maybe next time.  I was very happy with Eventide as a low-key special occasion dinner joint and hope to come back next time and try a little red meat...
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,7/12/2012,404,719,5,5,5>I have two regrets:1) It took me two full years attending George Mason before first coming here.2) I could only get one glass of Sangria because I had a final exam in a few hours.I came to Coyote Grill to kill some time and read over some notes before a final exam.  HAPPY HOUR STARTS AT 3PM EVERY DAY!!!  The $4 glass of sangria comes out in a huge glass.  And it's delicious.  They will also bring out chips and salsa... which is nothing fancy.  I've had better chips at other Mexican places.I got the roasted pepper soup.  Soooo good!  So maybe I have another regret:3) I wish the bowls were bigger.Ok, the bowl size was fine, but the soup was fantastic.  I would go back just if all I was getting was the soup.I also got the fish tacos... which were ok. I don't like beans so they offered to substitute the beans and rice for french fries.  GOOD fries!  They are really crispy and delicious.I want to go back on a day where I don't have a final exam and can get the full experience of a Coyote Grill happy hour.  :-)
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2012,7/11/2012,161,179,,10,2>Life can't be all work and no play. And for me after play must come relaxation. So when I saw the Groupon deal for a $29 jelly pedicure, I hopped all over it. SideNote, I love the fact that Groupon deals are starting to last more than 1 day #waittiligetmymoneyright!!! I tried to book an appointment ASAP but of course there must have been others just excited as me. So the earliest I could get in was today (Jan. 9th). Since the snow came from nowhere they were friendly enough to call and ask me to arrive bit earlier in case they closed early. I told them I'd be there as soon as I could.Now if you know life in theDMV, you know it consist of traffic, traffic, and a lil more traffic. And to add a bit of snow that was just the icing on the cake. Finally I arrived 15 minutes after their suggested time but 15 minutes before my actual appointment. I surrendered my coupon which showed I paid and chose 2 colors(I always choose 2 or 3 I can never decide and just let them choose).The nail tech was already prepaired, water warm and waiting. Now I'd read reviews which stated that jelly pedicures maintain the heat and it sure does. Although I don't like different textures when it comes to food I loved feeling the jelly bits in between my toes and on the bottoms of my feet. The tech told me that the jelly actually makes your skin soft so that you won't have to use the salt exfoliant since that can sometimes hurt the skin and make it red. It smelled very citrusy.A few things that were different from other salons is 1. The professionalism 2. Everything was soooo modern. Instead a typical salt exfoliant she used a chocolate sugar scrub. It smelled sooo delicious. Although it wasn't abrasive (like I'm used to) you could actually see the dead skin being removed. After she did that and massaged my feet, she rubbed mineral clay which was thick and smelled like peppermint. It was very cooling on my skin. She went and got hot towels which were wrapped around my legs for a short period. Next she followed with some type of warming lotion. The sensations were great along with the jelly pedicure. As I type I can still feel  the cooling sensation. If you're concerned with the color choices, they have OPI as well as Color Club. The service was phenomenal and the decor was just as FAB. The floors were tiled, there were chandelier lights. There were granite counter tops and sconces above. There were columns and arches leading you to and from the pedicure area. Will I be treating myself here again? You better believe it, the prescence of snow nor the lack of a GroupOn deal can keep me away.I didn't speak about the actual technician Hannah, she was very nice and informative. She didn't speak too much but did very well explaining the products she was using and how well they'd work. Since I didn't come with sandals and there was snow outside Hannah oiled my toes and seran wrapped them for me so they wouldn't mess up.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2012,7/10/2012,159,235,2,6,5>I usually frown on Americanized asian restaurants because they normally have to sacrifice authenticity for better business.  Four Sisters however is an exception to the rule.  This is elegant dining - Vietnamese style, if we were to go to southeast Asia and wander into an extravagant restaurant in the commercial district of Saigon, it might look something like this.There isn't much to look at from outside as the business sits on the corner of a commercial building.  But the restaurant from inside is just absolutely gorgeous.  Glass partitions, polished wood-carved furniture, cultural murals and paintings line the walls.  The bathrooms are immaculate and the dining ambiance is both warm and intimate.Everything on the menu is delicious from the soups to the viet pancakes and meat entrees.  I have never found a selection I didn't like..  Do any of the rolls!  They are crispy and pop with flavor - or you can try the fresh ones that resemble Philippine lumpia. I'm a big fan of the shaky beef, carmelized fish in the clay pot and seafood combo soup.  These are just my favorites though, as I said you just can't go wrong with just about everything on the menu.Prices are a little high for my taste and you need to plan to drop some money if you go in as a group, but take my word for it, nobody will leave unhappy.  This would be my go-to spot to bring non-asians who want to try Vietnamese cuisine for the first time.  Anybody would feel welcome in this restaurant regardless of their culinary experience.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2012,7/9/2012,325,307,8,12,9>Cheesetique 2.0 I was horrified to read the 2 star reviews after visting this location over the weekend. As an Elite Yelper, a Del-Ray Cheestique regular and a former waiter I'd like to throw in my 2 cents. First, I'll admit that I was dubious about the new digs.  How can a carbon copy be as good as the original? I have to confess that I was intent on not liking it from the moment I stepped into the shop. I arrived with a hunger headache from hell and I left with a fully belly, a buzz and a smile. Ready for some well seasoned perspective? Right this way madame and monsieur for some Q&A style reviewing...For the original regulars; Shirlington vs. Delray you say? Have no fear! I think it was a smart move for the owners to carbon copy their mother ship and to replicate it in the former location once occupied by the well know, Curious Grape wine store. Not only is this addition an exact replica, but familiar faces from the mother ship graced us with their knowledgeable presence. But Monsieur Danny, what about the comparison to the grilled cheeses with an the Applebee's kids menu? Oui Vey, all the way! While I did not have an opportunity to enjoy their Grilled Cheese sandwiches, I did grab a menu on my way out the door yesterday.  Would Applebee's utilize upscale products? Here's a sample of ingredients that you can depend on from their grilled cheese selections: Prairie Breeze Cheddar, 3-year cheddar, Dragon's Breath, Dubliner, Black Forest Ham, Gruyère, Manchego, Jamon Serrano, Swedish Gjetost...to name a few. So the comparison to Applebee's is suspect and potentially a shenanigan based on the aforementioned ingredients. What kind of child would have a sophisticated palette for the likes of these upscale offerings? But how was YOUR meal? Applebee's worthy? We started with the 3-cheese board and enjoyed the Sexy Chèvre, a blue cheese and a hard cheese. (forgot the locations of all three and forgot the names of the last two.) As always, I never met a cheese I didn't like. David ordered the Gluten-free Mac and Cheese, made with potato pasta and topped off with gluten-free cracker crumbs. Um, can we say a cheese explosion? Ba-ba-ba-BOOM! I ordered the Pear and Gorgonzola flatbread which helped me rock a euphoria.  What's not to like about Gorgonzola Dolce, fresh pears, toasted walnuts and the hint of sweetness brought on by the drizzle of port-balsamic reduction? It satisfied my lunch-time craving while appeasing my sweet tooth simultaneously. There is no comparison to Applebee's here, folks. Applebee's  is in the minor leagues and Cheesetique won the World Series!How do you respond to the accusations that the staff does not anticipate the needs of it's diners?As a former waiter, we all have our off nights in the weeds. C'mon waiters out there in cyberland, help me out! Also, a new location is permitted to have growing pains. Now I was there on a BUSY Saturday afternoon and I witnessed none of this. As a matter of fact, I read the bad reviews AFTER I returned from lunch so that I may form my own, OBJECTIVE opinion. (Sorry for yelling- lies no I'm not) Here are some STAFF HIGHLIGHTS from my experience: I had not one, not two, but SIX waiters effectively delivering a wonderful team service experience. I'm talking about service with a smile, water refills BEFORE I reached the bottom of the glass, a quality check, people clearing plates BEFORE I stacked them myself and the list goes on. Even the cheesemonger offered me a sample of the Guiness cheese when I asked the cashier about the product. I secretly quizzed the staff with the intention of writing this review and they WON THE PRIZE for BEST staff of the week! I asked them about specialty items and they were even able to tell me that the 'Sexy Chèvre' cheese was made in (oops forgot to jot that down) but then cherries and Belgium liquor truffles were added in house for a Valentine special. Okay, Danny Boy, you enjoyed yourself but others say that the experience comes at a cost... and what about the wait to get in?! Fine cheeses from around the world. Imported fine wine. Specialty beers. Folks, this is not Kendal-Jackson and Sutter Home wine from 7-11 served with a Velveeta cheese ball that Aunt Flo brought to the party. Cheesetique serves up quality goods that are meant to be savored and enjoyed with good conversation. It's almost a European dinner service where you get a chance to let your food settle and your beer buzz or wine buzz dissipate. Any last thoughts, Monsieur Danny? The only thing that I missed about the Delray Cheesetique is the location. Delray offers that old town feel that is reminiscent of a more simplistic era. Shirlington has matured like the rest of Northern Virginia. It's a hectic hotspot with lots of honey for the urban bees. But In closing, the Arlington Cheesetique is a classy little lady who deserves to be treated like one.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,7/8/2012,259,273,13,12,10>I miss India.  A lot.  I miss authentic Indian food possibly even more.  I miss, at the very least, living close to Indian food that is good enough to quench my Indian food desires.One thing I do not miss is chaat, and that is because I discovered IndAroma; my chaat yearnings have been met and I now know where to get my fix!I originally found IndAroma when Yelping kati rolls, but after drooling over pictures of the aam palak chaat, I had to get that first.  What a beautiful melody of chutneys and dahi mixed with chopped mango, onion and cilantro upon a bed of fried spinach.  It's a melody that would have fit well into a Bollywood song and dance: girl loves chaat, but the relationship cannot be, for her eyes are bigger than her stomach.  Enter backup dancers.  Cue the dhol.Ruth and I picked the dal makhani (my go to) and the lamb rogan josh.  The curries seem slightly over priced (some are $12) considering it's a stand up to order your meal kinda place, but do not be detoured: for that price you get a sizable portion of rice *and* naan.  With one chaat and two curries, we had enough left over to take home for an extra meal.  They weren't the freshest tasting, but it seemed like they mixed in some fresh herbs before serving.  The appeal here is definitely the snacky items, and most of the desis around us were eating wraps, which are huge and come with a side of chips.But what is this?  Dost my eyes deceive me?  The menu says the kati rolls are made with roomali rotis.  How did I not see that when I was in the cafe?  I've only found roomali rotis in one Indian restaurant in the US, and even had a difficult time finding them in India, so this is quite huge news.  Bollywood post-intermission: girl is pulled towards her second love.  What will she do?  Which dish will win her over?  Insert fan for wind-blown hair.  Zoom in for SRK-esk look of raised eyebrow and quivering lips.Rumor has it the grocery store next door, which is owned by the same people, has mangoes imported from India.  I will definitely be back to try the kati rolls and samosa chaat, and will find out about the mangoes!  Maybe then I will find out how the Bollywood ends.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2012,7/7/2012,303,378,2,7,5>Great spot, been here a couple of times.The crowd varies, but it trends towards the younger Arlington scene, which is a plus in my book. The prices on food are just right, and they've got a wide menu that should satisfy most everyone. Sure, you've got to try their great pizzas - they can come customized with a range of toppings like basil, sun-dried tomatoes, salamis, mozzarella, etc ... You should also try out their entrees as well, as they are cooked well and actually have a bit of creativity to them. I really like the pork chop they have on - nice and big with great flavor. Their beer menu is also really extensive when it comes to drafts, so that's a plus in my book. They carry a lot of local brews and some things you don't see every day. This is good for the craft brew scene and getting folks to stretch out from their typical low-brow "lite" drinks. The prices are really reasonable at $5-6 for a pint, so go ahead and have some more!The service is usually quick and attentive, and the staff is friendly.The decor is pretty cool - it has a warm loungy feel to most of it. There are two distinct sides. One is the bar area, where you can grab a stool or high booth, and it feels more like a classier sports bar. The other side is the main dining area, where there are some cool ceiling lights and a high wall. It's almost semi-industrial-minimalist, kind of Euro in a way. Very neat. There are also front and side patio areas for outdoor dining enjoyment.Rustico is a buzzing place that I'll be going back to time and time again for the drinks, food, and ambiance.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2012,7/6/2012,520,1346,34,23,21>What everyone else said.I love SpaWorld.  Being a Pisces, I love water, so naturally the bade pool is my favorite part.  I'm surprised I managed to get out of it - I could have stayed in it all day.    I like the poultice rooms as well, but cannot stay very long in any of them, except maybe the charcoal one, as that had the lowest temperature (not including the ice room).  I emerged totally rested, relaxed, and content.  Highly, highly recommend.A note on the nudity issue, because everyone keeps asking me about it.  I'm with Victoria - I have more of a European mindset.  That being said, here are a few thoughts:If you are uncomfortable because of self-esteem issues, this will do more for your self-esteem than your psychiatrist ever could.  I love my body, though society tells me I shouldn't, so I didn't have that issue.  And no one is looking at you.  They are too busy relaxing.If it is a morality issue, well, it is single-sex only, and this is between you and your higher being.  My morals are few and far between, so another issue I don't have.If you are just generally uncomfortable, my advice is shock therapy.  Just do it.I was more concerned with whether or not I had a Jewfro after the bade pool (thankfully, did not, I used a ton of gel) and how awful that orange jumpsuit is because there were cute men in the common area.  Seriously.  Get over it & go.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2012,7/5/2012,225,575,3,5,5>After bookmarking ThaiBox for over a month I finally made the trek to Lorton to taste some Thai / Cajun food.  I called in advance a take out order of Spicy Yum Sausage, Spicy Okra Gumbo soup, and Popcorn Crawfish Pad Thai.Upon walking in the restaurant I was welcomed by Sandy and exchanged traditional Thai pleasantries.  I mentioned the call ahead order.  Fortunately everything was packed and ready to go.  Before paying the bill she provided some insight on the restaurant and style of cooking (Thai and Cajun).  When I arrived home I immediately tried the Pad Thai.  The Pad Thai was cooked well (not too hard or soft and not greasy) with a tasty sauce (not too sweet).  My mother enjoyed the Pad Thai as well.  She even commented how ThaiBox added Red Tofu as a unique ingredient commonly found in Thailand.  The crawfish was deep fried to my surprise.  However, it tasted great with the Pad Thai.I enjoyed the Spicy Yum Sausage as well consisting of Andouille Sausage w/ Onion, Ginger, Scallions, Peppers, Cilantro, and Lemon Chili Dressing.  This dish would have been better if the sausage was cut into smaller pieces rather than just sliced.  Nevertheless, a wonderful concept of Thai / Cajun cuisine.  The ThaiBox Spicy Okra Gumbo was good.  The Shrimp & Sausage did not over power the broth fortunately.  I didn't think it was too spicy.  Next time I'll increase the Thai Pepper level as a challenge.The concept of Thai / Cajun food is legit and well worth a trip to Lorton.  Do not let the restaurant location mislead you as the staff friendliness and deliciousness of Chef Lek's cooking will inspire you to become fans of Thai and Cajun food.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,7/4/2012,103,279,3,9,6>Sorry, Italian Store. Pupatella is where it's at. All of it. I'm not a crust person, but their dough and cooking method is perfect. Soft but not too chewy. Nice smoky pizza oven flavor. Go for the Buffalo Mozzarella from Naples. It has a tangy, creamy and rich flavor that is unbelievably melt-y. (Not a particularly elegant description, but whatever). From there, build your own or one of their white or red pizzas. If they have them available, get the fried zucchini flowers for an app. They're not stuffed with anything, but the breading and flavor brings me immediately back to the streets of Roma. The Arancini with Eggplant (fried risotto balls) is a great app to share if you have a big appetite. They're super peppery (maybe a touch too much, even) and stuffed rich, roasted eggplant. They're closed Sunday and Monday, and at times during the summer they're only open for dinner. I understand why, but selfishly wish they were open 7 days a week.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,2/6/2013,81,108,6,5,4>Oh I've been mulling this one around in my head for awhile.. review #100 needed to be something special, something that made me all warm and tingly inside.  What better to fill that billet than DOGFISH HEAD.  The mere thought of their name invokes salivation in anticipation of that sweet, sweet brew.  Dogfish is like the science nerd of the beer world- they spent a lot of time developing their hypotheses on craft brewing and then spent weeks locked in their tiny bedroom plastered with periodic table posters and littered with used tissue formulating the best method to get people hooked on their product.  Sure they don't have a lot of friends- but they're the best at what they do, and they know it.They know that you'll gladly plunk down ten bucks for a glass of beer served straight up in a cognac snifter if that beer is EIGHTEEN PERCENT ABV.  They know you'll stick around even longer by enticing you with the story of how they sent out explorers to the furthest regions of the world to find obscure and long-lost beer recipes scribbled on the wall of a cave that hasn't seen the light of day in ten thousand years.  They may even tell you how they took a piece of thin parchment paper and Indiana-Jonesed that thing off the wall by placing the paper over it and rubbing ever so gently with a wax crayon.  You may be hungry from daydreaming about the adventures and crazy stories behind this beer, thoughtfully sipping as you muse over the incredible list of ingredients you are ingesting.  Never fear- your hunger will be gloriously quashed with a delicious cajun eggroll followed by some of the most mouth-watering abomination of macaroni and cheese ever created, teeming with bacon and sauteed vegetables.  Remember, you've been given fair warning that your mind and mouth may simultaneously explode at the awesomeness of everything they are about to experience.  Now go forth, and enjoy.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,2/5/2013,185,238,1,10,8>Giving this place a solid 4 stars....I can't believe Smashburger only has a three star average rating. I didn't read any of the other reviews but I'm going to assume it's because the place is a little pricey compared to others in the area. I don't care this place delivers a knockout punch to other burger joints in the area. The burgers are dee-lish and I can tell they use fresh ingredients. They have all kinds of burgers and chicken sandwiches and I have tried a number of items on their menu and they were all very good.An added plus is the sides, the sweet potato fries are awesome. The pomengranate tea is great as well. This place is across the street from where I work and it's always a nice treat. Nicely decorated and clean as well. Every time I have been there the staff has been courteous and helpful. It's only drawback is it's a bit pricey for a fast food joint. However, sign up for their e-club. I don't eat fast food often at all, but Smashburger is a great choice when I feel like divulging.Highly recommended!
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,2/4/2013,980,560,4,12,9>I'm in love.As a California native who spent 2 years living in San Diego, AKA the home of the BEST authentic Mexican food, this place is the closest thing I've ever had on the East Coast to the amazing Mexican eats I've had in SoCal.  The location of the truck is fairly easy to navigate to, and there's plenty of street parking available.As for the tacos, you can choose from chicken, chorizo, al pastor, beef, mixto, or lengua. (beef tongue)  They're topped with onions, radishes, cilantro, lime, and cucumber -- and you can top it off with as much hot sauce as you want.  The tacos took a little long for food truck standards, but I knew that they would be tasty because they were taking their time with cooking them.  They even gave us a free taco while we waited!  There's also a few Mexican/Latin sodas (and bottled water) if you're thirsty.I'll be back again soon!P.S. They're cash only!
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,2/3/2013,421,454,5,18,14>I don't know why we never tried this restaurant before.  After finally getting here , I wish we had gone sooner!   In fact, I think it's one of the better local Thai restaurants!We got here on a Sunday night a little after 5 p.m.  At the time, there was only one occupied table.  We were greeted by Benny who also was our waitress.  She is low key, friendly and efficient.  One thing that drew me here is that they have extensive vegan/vegetarian offerings---far more than some Thai places.  Since we generally eat vegan on Sunday nights, finding a place with a good variety of offerings is a plus.We started our meals with a bowl of soup.  I had bean curd soup---something that I've never seen before on a Thai menu.  This was a tasty soup with a mild, albeit a bit salty, broth with plenty of cubed tofu plus seaweed and green onions.  My husband had a bowl of lemongrass soup with vegetables.   Despite the menu description, Benny called it "Tom Yum soup" and it certainly looked like Tom Yum.  My husband really enjoyed his soup.  The broth was spicy and the stock was plentiful with button mushrooms, baby corn, cabbage, snow peas and carrots.  I asked my husband if this version of the soup reminded him of any he's had at another Thai restaurant.  He said it reminded him of the soup at Duangrat's because it had the same spice level and flavor.For my main course, I had drunken noodles with vegetables and my husband had mixed vegetables.  Both our dishes had generous portions of snow peas, button mushrooms, carrots, baby corn, broccoli and cabbage.  The drunken noodles were spicy but not so spicy that I was guzzling water.  To me, they had just enough spice.  The mixed vegetables were mildly flavored and came with a bowl of rice.The restaurant has a full bar and does offer up some mixed drinks.  My husband had a Singha beer while I had a glass of water.  We liked the decor which was very modern and sleek with nice lighting.We noticed that much of their business was take out.  However, while our meal progressed, a few more people came to dine in.  Overall, we were quite pleased with our meals---and quite full!   Having been to Tara Thai in Worldgate, we both agree that Chao Phra Ya is  the better of the 2 places and has a more extensive vegan/vegetarian menu.  We certainly will be back for more.  In fact, my husband said he wants to go here for a non-vegan meal sometime.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2012,2/2/2013,202,406,,6,3>4.5***** Stars!!!Tucked away in a strip small is Bankok Noodle. From the outside, it looks very simple and plain. You walk in and it's new and modern inside. We were seated immediately and were well taken care throughout our dining experience. The owner even came over to see how we were doing.They have many menu options to choose from. Their roasted duck soup was amazing!!! Highly recommend. Full of flavor and a large amount of duck in the soup. I've had duck soup before at other Thai restaurants and I never got that much duck. They also do noodles really well (I'd hope so since they have noodles in their name). My boyfriend loved their drunken noodles. Said it was one of the best he'd ever had. I will definitely be back to Bankok Noodle. I want more duck soup!
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2012,2/1/2013,18,214,,4,2>OK, I've visited twice, and I'm reasonably satisfied.  As far as service is concerned, the restaurant has been open for only a week, and it takes some time for a new place to find its rhythm.  I've noticed improvement in just a few days.  It's a small dining room, and both times they've been filled to capacity.  Sitting at the bar, you have a ringside view of the kitchen, which buzzed with activity, though still not quite a well oiled machine.To the food:  it's good.  It's in the same league as Los Tios, with similar dishes and preparations.  I've tried the the Tacos and enchiladas, and satisfied with each.  I'll agree with others regarding the salsa...it tastes good, but it's too watery.  I liked the chips- crispy and freshly cooked.  Margaritas were good too and quick refills of sodas.All in all, I liked DA.  I wouldn't consider it a destination Mexican restaurant, but a great neighborhood joint that's steps away from the Braddock Road Metro station.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,1/31/2013,375,803,7,8,10>I was on a mission.  I just got the Charlie Phan cookbook and I wanted to try my hand at making banh mi.  So the gf and I hopped in the car and drove to Eden Center, the seeming hub of NoVA's Vietnamese community.  Big mistake.  Eden Center isn't Metro accessible and maddeningly difficult to access from any direction on a Saturday afternoon.  Traffic was stop and go from light to light.  After finally getting to our destination, parking was equally a nightmare.  The stereotype about Asian drivers (except for me because I have serious skills behind the wheel...hahaha) seemed to be reality rather than hyperbole as people were jockeying for empty spaces like NASCAR drivers heading for the checkered flag.  After doing several laps around the parking lot, I finally found a spot and took care of my business.  We had a little lunch at Huong Viet (review coming soon) and then checked out every bakery for Vietnamese-style baguettes.  We were out of luck until we stopped at Eden Center's lone Asian grocery store, Eden Supermarket, where we found our bread as well as Maggi and Golden Mountain seasoning sauces.  In spite of the hassle getting there, Eden Center was definitely worth our time and effort for a little taste of Vietnam.  Mission accomplished!
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,1/30/2013,115,493,,7,5>Banh Cuon Thang Long is located in the right most building of Eden Center (if the Welcome sign is at your backside). After finally being able to locate this restaurant, SX and I ordered a Combination #1 Banh Cuon to go. Upon opening the lovely container back home, it consisted of three types of rice crepes (plain/unstuffed ones, stuffed with shrimp, stuffed with pork), fried shrimp cake (looks like fried muffin pieces), pieces of sausage (the pink half moons), sides of fried onions, blanched bean sprouts, cilantro, and sauce cups of fish sauce. While different from the steamed rice crepe noodles from Chinese cuisine (ie: the steamed shrimp stuff rice crepes at dim sum), there are some similarities. Banh Cuon Thang Long's rice crepes that were stuffed with pork and shrimp were much thinner than the Chinese dim sum cousin. It was an interesting, delicious combination of flavors and textures. I was happy that they provided plenty of fish sauce with the meal. As a non-Vietnamese customer, it was nice to see that the menu was easy to read and that the service was friendly and willing to help. Also, upon receiving our take-out, they kindly packed up chopsticks too. Definitely a place you should stop by in Eden Center!
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,1/29/2013,152,261,,17,7>I won't write a super long review because the essentials/rules of Spa World have already been covered. I will say one thing: if you are feeling tired, depressed, weary, pessimistic, lonely, sad, and any of the other maladies of modern life, going to Spa World will make you feel whole again. Whether you go with friends or by yourself doesn't matter. Highly recommend staying for a night. You will leave refreshed, at peace, and ready to begin again.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2012,1/28/2013,192,253,6,16,9>I'm so glad Caring Hands opened another office. I used to live very close to the S. Arlington location, but we moved to Fairfax County. This new location is 5 minutes from my house, so no need to switch vets. Caring Hands is great because they are open 7 days a week, and they also give excellent advice over the phone. The doctors are responsive and actually call you back same day.The facility is new and clean. They have quite a few doctors on site. We saw Dr. Ann Planeta--she was excellent. Very sweet and friendly and obviously loves dogs. The vet tech was nice as well. My dog gets pretty nervous at the vet, but they gave her lots of love and lots of treats which helped put her at ease. Here are some costs if you are shopping around (date of visit: October, 2012):Exam/office visit: $58.50DHLPP 3 year vaccine: $30Bordetella injection (nasal spray is also an option, but my dog hates it): $29Blood test for Heartworm and 3 tick diseases: $68The prices for each of these tests and the exam have gone up $2-5 since 2009.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,12/5/2012,210,261,6,9,9>This place is simply PhoTastic!  By far the best Pho I've had in the area yet.  The portions are HUGE for the price! 7.25 for a huge bowl is a great value when many of the other Pho places in the area charge at least 2 or 3 dollars more for the same size. Pho Aura puts just the right amount of spices in its dishes. The pho wasn't bland and not overpowering...the fragrant blend is perfect! While I had the pho,  my husband ordered the shrimp, chicken, pineapple rice and we were equally impressed.  The texture of the rice wasn't too dry not to moist and the spices all blended together perfectly... they also put raisins in the rice as well which gave it a really nice flavor.  They ever serve it in a pineapple!  How cool is that?  We also ordered the traditional Vietnamese chilled shrimp roles.  They were very tasty and I liked that Pho Aura adds a bit more spice to the shrimp.  Its not overpowering and adds a plea sent twist on an otherwise traditional dish. The location in a strip mall makes it easy to miss.  Inside it is modern, yet traditional and always has plenty of seating available. The service was a little on the slow side but not too bad. Overall I highly recommend this place! Plain and simple,  its fantastic food at great value.  Quite possibly the best little hidden gem Ive encountered in the area yet!   I will definitely be going back soon!
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2012,12/4/2012,76,68,5,6,6>The best and by far my favorite Chinese restaurant in the area! I love Hong Kong Palace. The name is misleading as the food is actually more Chengdu/Sichuan than Cantonese/HK. Nonetheless,  the food is absolutely delicious and if you are a fan of spicy, this is as good as it gets. The spicy oil they use is without a doubt flame-spitting spicy, but I think it actually burns very clean on your palette. Instead of leaving a bad taste in your mouth, it feels tingly clean. This place gets really popular on Friday/weekends so come in early or be prepared for a bit of a wait. The waitstaff generally do a pretty good job moving people in and out. Come hungry! Within 5 minutes of ordering, your food is out! Don't worry though, everything is definitely cooked to order and super fresh. You can taste the food still fiery hot (temperature-wise) from the hot wok it came from. A few signature items I would highly recommend if you come to HK Palace:(appetizers)-Spicy Szechuan Beef Tendon-Chengdu Zhong's Dumpling-Northern Szechuan Spicy Cold Bean-Starch Noodle(entrees)-Ma Po Tofu (beware: very spicy, but very good)-Sliced Pork With Pickled Vegetable (the pickled veg may be an acquired taste if you've never had it before, but it provides a nice contrast to the otherwise spicy dishes on the menu)-Beef With Vegetable In Peppery Broth (the chinese name for this dish is "water steamed beef" so the cooking technique involved may be what give the beef its very tender and smooth texture, veggies are not too abundant-mainly celery)-Homestyle Bean Curd (spicy, but not as intense as the Mo Po Tofu in my opinion; comes with a mixture of fried tofu and thinly sliced pork in a red peppery sauce)-Sliced Pork with Dry Bean Curd (non-spicy and a nice change of pace)All the veggie dishes are good as well, I recommend the Fried Spinach With Fresh Garlic. This is my go-to place for amazing Chinese food at unbeatable prices. I definitely have a new found love and appreciation of ChengDu cuisine!
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,12/3/2012,137,263,3,6,5>Because of this place, I had to undress after my meal. My dress no longer fit. I could not breathe. It was that good.My meal:  pulled chicken with baked beans, mac and cheese, cornbread, and sweet tea.As a first generation city person (my mom is from rural NC and my dad is from Alabama), this is the kind of food I grew up on. This is my grandmother's sweet tea. This is her cornbread and her mac and cheese.Lemme tell you - I absolutely HATE barbeque - blasphemy, right? I don't like the overly prevalent smokey taste and the heavy sauces and the consistency of the meat. This place, I love. You get the taste of the meat with a little aftertaste of smoke flavor. This makes me happy. The add your own sauce to your level of satisfaction is great for the OCD person like me. My favorite sauce: the white sauce (ba dum dum tish)It also makes me happy that when I asked for a to go cup to take the rest of my sweet tea home, they gave me a giant cup already filled with ice and 3/4 full of sweet tea to take with me. So yeah, Dixie Bones makes it worthwhile to go to Hoodbridge.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2012,12/2/2012,65,105,13,7,4>I have climbed highest mountains in Alexandria in search of good Chinese takeout. I have run through the streets and found others lacking in taste and price. Only to eat good Chinese food. I'm sorry that Bono still hasn't found what he's looking for, but I am glad I did and you too (U2...get it?) should be.Their menu has things you don't usually see, like asparagus crab meat soup and  curried potatoes (which I haven't tried, but really want to). Even us picky vegetarians found plenty to eat. On top of that, their prices are so darn reasonable compared to the competition.  I got the General Tso's Tofu. Now, I've had this dish probably a hundred times in my life as a veg who enjoys Chinese takeout, but never like this. I have kissed the honey lips of the sauce that is the right amount of tangy and sweet. Felt the healing in her tofu texture that is not too firm and not too soft, but just right. It burned my hands a little bit because it was delivered to us nice and hot. So I'm stuck with this burning desire to have more!Break the bonds of dull and pedestrian Chinese takeout and try this place. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2012,12/1/2012,153,102,6,5,5>Hand pulled noodles!When you order the noodles they don't come pre packaged! These noodles are made to order. You have a man behind a glass window hand pulling these noodles for your soup, so you know its fresh! I ordered the roasted beef soup and my bf got the duck soup and for a starter we got spare ribs. Everything was so yummy I can't wait to go back. The noodles were nice and chewy with flavorful broth and plenty of meat! The duck soup got a bit salty but I feel like none the less it was still good because duck tends to be on the salty side.The service was surprisingly pretty good and on top of that, Its not easy finding a great chinese restaurant in the area, sinceIm born and raised Chinese-american, my mom can cook some great chinese dishes. It was so good I bumped into my dad there...yeah...lol
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2012,11/30/2012,10,157,3,9,2>We were looking for a pizza place in the neighborhood, and found this hidden gem on Yelp.  With such high ratings, we decided to give it a try and grab dinner on a Saturday night.  And we are so glad we did.This place opened in Feb 2012 - so its fairly new with a very cozy ambiance.  Both our waiter (Jeremy) and the owner (Chris) were very friendly and kept checking on us.  I ordered the 'Vegetarian Delight' and my husband ordered a 'Pepperoni Pizza'.  The pizza was delectable - probably one of the best pizzas I have had in a long time.  The dough is freshly made, along with the pizza sauce.  The ingredients are fresh.  Even though our stomachs were full, our hearts were not content.  We definitely stuffed ourselves and kept eating till we couldn't move.I cannot wait to go back here to try their salads and sandwiches.  The owner did inform us that even though the menu does not list vegetarian sandwiches yet, the chef will be more than happy to prepare it.  The diners just need to ask the waiter.This quaint restaurant gets a Thumbs-Up from me. Go try out their pizzas - you won't be disappointed!!!!!
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2012,11/29/2012,41,165,7,8,4>This little asian grocery store holds a special place in my heart.  It was erected before Centreville started to become Korean Town II, bowing to Annandale, only, and I'm happy to say that its still standing proudly.  This is your one stop shop for all things asian grocery.  I was really surprised to see that they sold frozen lumpia (a filipino eggroll) in addition to all of their chinese, vietnamese and other groceries.  This little mom n pop shop is seriously, THE best. I challenge you to try and find something that they don't have in stock!And, as if it could get any better, they also sell banh mi's.  AND ... i guess it CAN get better because they're only $2.50 each!  They're pretty generous with the meat (oh, delicious mystery 'red meat' .. i don't know what you are but i'm gonna eat you anyway!)  I'm not sure where else you can get banh mi in the Centreville area, but Park n Shop always makes them quickly and delicious.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,11/28/2012,39,258,19,12,5>Literally Could Not Get ANY Better.  One way ticket to BRAZIL!!!!TMI review below....you've been warned.First time trip to "brazil" and it was absolutely flawless.  She is straight forward, kind, comforting, and just a true gem.Once you get over the fact that a stranger is looking at your lady bits, you're home free. There was like soothing music playing the whole time, and maybe even a fountain somewhere which i found so relaxing.Takes maybe 20 minutes- maybe 3 times it hurt to where I flinched...on my first go around seriously a great experience. Her own sugar wax ball is really effective, easy, and leaves you smooooooth.Post Wax- no irritations, just flawless!So happy with the results!!!Location is perfect, the spa itself is lovely, great price for the area, and she is completely professional and lovely.Ladies- take your vagingle vagangle here for the best trip to brazil in DC!!
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,11/27/2012,167,251,5,8,6>4.5 starsI am so glad that there is now a more-conveniently located Cava Mezze Grill!  My friend had been raving about the one in Bethesda, calling it the Greek Chipotle--which it really is.  Almost scary how similar it is to Chipotle.  So we finally checked it out tonight for a late night dinner (Note to self: great hours--open until 10 PM every night) and it was delicious.  Also, the place is spotless and clean and still has the amazing smell of wood.Just like Chipotle, you first pick your "style" of meal.  You can get it on a warmed pita (think, the Chipotle tortilla), in a bowl (seriously, the parallels are endless), salad (need I say more), or on three mini pitas (really, I warned you...if you didn't believe me when I said it was a Greek Chipotle). Then you add your dips/spreads.  You can get as many as you want in the bowl or two on the pita.  The harissa is red, spicy, a little sweet, but definitely worth it if you can take the heat.  I would also highly recommend the eggplant & red pepper (surprising, since I hate eggplant--but since he told me I could try as many as I want, I couldn't say no) and the crazy feta (a little kick added to feta).Next, comes the meat (of course).  We tried the falafel, chicken, lamb and beef. Although, I didn't realize that there is a $1 upcharge for the lamb or beef.  They are all flavorful and delicious.  I was a huge fan of the lamb.  Also, I love that you can split your meat in half so you can try some variety (and they also half the upcharge, too--I'm all about mathematical equality).Finally, come the toppings--the free extras that I always get Chipotle to pile on.  Except, they have a list that I can't even begin to repeat.  There's cucumbers in lemon, purple cabbage in something awesome, lettuce, more feta, olives, tomatoes with onions, tomatoes with something else, oh and crispy little pita strips.  I'm sure I'm leaving out some options, but the point is is that you can get as many as you want...so for the indecisive or the person that wants to try everything--it's perfect.I loved the bowl, I think it was great to be able to mix the spreads but the pita was also comforting and reminded me of a gyro.  I will say, it is a little pricier than Chipotle, so I guess that's where they differ.  Oh, and the green concept.  Love that they use biodegradable everything.  And I mean, everything.  Straws, utensils, napkins.  In fact, the trash/recycling dump area has a bin for compost (everything from Cava) and then one for trash (anything from outside of Cava).  Love the attention to being green and the fresh ingredients.  You can definitely tell.Service was great too.  It's designed like how you order at Chipotle, but our server was great at explaining everything and anything to help out us newbies understand the menu.Cava Mezze Grill is like the Greek Chipotle with more options.  There are definitely more permutations that you can design with Cava than with Chipotle (although, don't get me wrong, I love Chipotle, too).  But, I do find myself always ordering the exact same thing at Chipotle--I have a feeling that I would try different combinations at Cava.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,11/26/2012,139,162,5,7,6>One unique place. Got different broths written on my paper menu. I fell in love with the food and the unique drinks.  They have a drink called the hot spot that gives you a nice kick to get you pumped for the night. The food: where do I begin?!? The flavor is amazing and you create your own sauce at the sauce bar. They have their own hot sauce, Siracha and a bunch more. Then add more stuff to your hot pot and then eat!! It's like a vacation in my mouth. I just started to live by coming here. I wish I could live here. Service: I hve never felt so taken Care of in my life. Low on broth, they got covered. Need another drink like the drunken butter beer that made me feel like beer could be a cocktail for every occasion and mood. they have pineapple Soju served in a Pineapple!!!!Hands down, this place made me relax an feel like I was whisked away to another time and place where life provides pure joy. All I can say is THANK YOU hot spot. You truly are the HOT SPOT.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,4/25/2014,127,433,2,8,5>I have been to most of the Korean BBQs in the area and this one is definitely up there. Interesting looking with lots of cool features like the chair that opens up to house your clothes, and a drawer with chopsticks and napkins. All metal and futuristic looking with the cooking right at the table. Normally I don't like the all you can eat option but actually reasonably priced and there are several options. The cheaper one has more than enough choices. Tons if soju and different alcohol choices. Everything including the food is very easy to order. There is usually a decently long wait and they don't seem to answer the phone for call aheads. No reservations. Not as bad as honeypig though. The spicy chicken is great with lots of veggies and more of a meal. The spicy pork belly is also delicious. Both require a new pan so try to think about the order you eat it and pace yourselves overall. The miso pork and beef are also good and the sauces are good as well. They have the lettuce wrap and radish wrap with three kids of sauces. The two soup things come out along with everything else in unlimited fashion as well. Overall I liked it better than honeypig and oegadbib and others. Definitely my new go to spot for Korean BBQ. Some of the other spots have more options but for straight meat this is the place to go.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,4/24/2014,141,195,5,12,10>What a fun experience! As a lover of all things thrifty, I love when I come across great finds such as this.  I was in the area and knew this place was nearby but never really tried to find it.  It is right next door to the Italian Gourmet...why in all my years have I never noticed this place!?!?! I walked in the door and who turned out to be the owner was on the phone patiently explaining to a future Consigner how their process worked.  As soon as she got off the phone she acknowledged me warmly.  I told her I found her shop through Yelp and that I noticed the Yelp deal.  She confimed they were still accepting it and I gladly went about my shopping experience.  I lucked up and found two designer dresses, a cute Elle Sweater and a Tory Burch sweater that will definitely be a staple in my wardrobe! So excited to find this place!
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,4/23/2014,225,575,2,11,7>I finally had an opportunity to try Tom Yum District.  Integrating Thai food using a Chipotle ordering style makes sense as foodies can customize their bowls.  My order consisted of:1) BASEBrown Jasmine RiceAsian Mixed Salad2) PROTEINGRILLED BEEFCoriander-Garlic Marinade3) SAUCE/DRESSINGTOM YUMHouse-made Chili Paste and Lime(v)4) TOPPINGSAsian Mixed Romaine, Napa Cabbage,and CarrotsRed OnionsBean SproutsCucumber RelishMixed Herbs Cilantro, Basil, and MintGrilled VegetablesThai OmeletAs William P mentioned, the bowl is HUGE and fresh.  The Tom Yum sauce was on-point as the blend of fish sauce, Thai peppers, sugar, garlic, lime juice was perfect, e.g, not too sweet / spicy.  The bowl is big enough for two people to share if you want to be satisfied and not stuffed.  I'll definitely return soon!
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,4/22/2014,498,437,7,10,9>#91AMAZING! Going off purely the food and authenticity- this place is SOOO GOOD! Some of the dishes I've ordered and loved: The Chris Cooley- Not your typical spaghetti and meatballs. But the meat sauce and marscapone cheese that they lay on top is absolutely amazing. The Fruitti de Mare- with linguini over a white wine sauce. The first dish I've ever got here and what keeps me coming back. ENOUGH said. Squid Ink Ravioli stuffed with Lobster- amazingly rich with the delicious cream sauce over it. And that squid ink?? Need I say more? Made in house and absolutely fresh!Their complimentary bread, break sticks, with choices to have it with butter, olive paste, tomato paste, and oil and vinegar. I'm usually full before I even get my meal. And to top everything off... their house wine. I generally don't like Chianti (or maybe I've just never had a good Chianti. But their house Chianti served in a carafe for just $35 and is incredibly smooth and goes perfectly with any dish! My mouth is watering... not joking.. mmm hmmm!
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2014,4/21/2014,190,399,6,7,8>I love McMahon's, but you have to understand that there are two totally separate dining experiences to be had here.There is a dining room with servers and traditional Irish décor with specialties on the menu such as Boxty (which is rare to find around here) and of course Guinness Stew and CB&C.  But there is also a back area that is a bar only, with both smoking and non smoking options.  This area is loud and chaotic and great for watching a game or coming for Happy Hour.I've had most of the items on the menu, - well, the real Irish options.  I love the Corned Beef Boxty, which is basically a potato cake fried crispy and topped with corned beef.  I also love the cabbage at McMahon's, cabbage is a fickle fickle thing - one false move and its goo in salt water and nobody likes that.  The lattice pie is also quite yummy - but enjoy that one in the colder months, it's a little heavy.The service and ambiance - the service in the dining room has always left a bit to be desired in my opinion.  I am not sure where they wander off to but I've become accustomed to waiting for them if I chose to sit in the dining room, which I do rarely.The bar area is awesome.  I love the stone and dark colors.  It really reminds me of a true Ireland pub. The bar tenders are generally pretty attentive and like to chit chat with the customers.I don't work in the Gainesville area anymore but when I did this was always my go to for happy hour!
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2013,4/20/2014,65,280,,7,3>The Graves Fitness Center is just my speed.  Opens at 0500, has a great mix of gear, and plenty of options for keeping your workouts interesting and different.  Besides the basics, it has 3 courts for racquetball, a spinning room (not for me), a basketball court and plenty of room for aerobics.  It has a significant amount of cardio gear, a very long rack of free weights, and many machines and fitness stations.  Sauna and steam rooms - have not used those yet.  They keep it plenty cool in the fitness rooms which I appreciate.  Anti-bacterial wipes are plentiful.  What I most appreciate about Graves is that the people who head there seem to pretty much just want to work out - not a whole lot of nonsense going on here.  It seems to me that at many private clubs the social aspect is more prevalent than the fitness part.  I enjoy and am motivated by the many other users here - all much more fit than I.  I find it motivating to be around many others who are working hard and moving along.  There is a 30-minute limit on cardio gear within the weight room which I appreciate - I'll start off with a 30-minute workout and then do several 4-5 minute runs between weight sets to keep a good sweat going.  The staff is very attentive, just this morning I was starting to workout on a lat pull when a pulley started squeaking.  I didn't mind and kept at it.  Within a couple minutes, two staff came along and fixed it with some silicone while I was working out, not interrupting my sets.   I also have asked the staff many questions and they've always been helpful.Couple minor points of note - careful as there are a few personal trainers trolling for business, and secondly this place gets busy - show up at 0500 for a serious workout.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/3/2014,4/19/2014,118,133,8,10,9>I came here on a weekday for lunch with the boyfriend because we wanted to try something new. The place was right in the Reston Town Center, so finding parking around lunch time was a challenge. Some parking garages are for employees around it, so permits are needed ( DO NOT PARK THERE). Street parkings are available but time limit of ONE hour so of course no good. There is one parking for customers but even though it said "NO COMMUTER PARKING" but we had to go out to all the way 5th level for parking. We arrived at the place around 11:30AM for lunch and the line was so long to the door, I guess everyone decided to take lunch around the same time. They seated us in like 5 minutes so it wasn't too bad I guess. The place was really crowded for lunch on a Thursday afternoon so it was a little surprising to me. We sat at the booth, near the kitchen so it was crowded since severs walked in and out all the time. I ordered sandwich and my boyfriend ordered the burger.... We underestimated the portion, because it was huge. I could have share my sandwich with my boyfriend, since I couldn't finish it. The fries was good, it wasn't like original cheap fries, it was gourmet fries and definitely didn't have a lot of oil which is good. The burger was medium well and it was just perfect, the taste was just like real BBQ burger. I definitely enjoyed their burger more than the sandwich. I didn't like the sandwich much because it was too greasy for me compared to the burger one. The price is a bit overpriced for lunch.( I don't think they have lunch or dinner, they use the same menu for both). The have other items on the menu too and mostly are from $15 and up, so if you are looking for something simple and easy to eat for lunch. This place is definitely not for you. I didn't like their service because I had to ask several times for water, napkins and even to clean out the table. I was a bit disappointed, but I guess it was crowded so they were all over the place. I wouldn't come back to try because their price is not ideal, and it is a chain restaurant with Mike's Grill, Coastal Flats, etc. So I would try other restaurants instead.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,4/18/2014,115,493,,9,4>A great hidden gem in this plaza that seems to be pretty chock full of various eateries. Bolivian food is what to expect. If you're non-Latino, the staff will try their best to help you out, but they will try and steer you towards the more American-palatable items. SX and I tried the Charque and the Lomo Montado. The staff was very worried if we would like it, but it is a delicious dish that is similar to double cooked beef on a bed of hominy and comes with boiled eggs. The lomo montado is steak and eggs (perfectly cooked with runny yolks) with potatoes and salad. There's a specials board, so don't forget to check that out. FYI- The green hot sauce is hot, hot, hot, but good.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,4/17/2014,142,133,4,12,9>So I've been to this Coastal Flats several times now, however this is the first time coming here since becoming a Yelper and let me just say that once again I left quite satisfied.First I'll start off with our server/service. Aside from him not introducing himself, everything else about him was pretty good. Everything we asked him to bring he did, and he did it in a very timely manner. I really don't have any complaints about the server/service.Now on to the food. I ordered the Hickory Grilled Chicken, my wife ordered the Pecan Crusted Trout, and my wife's brother ordered the Hong Kong Style Sea Bass. My wife and her brother absolutely enjoyed there dishes. Now I don't know about anyone else but, I absolutely love the Hickory Grilled Chicken dish here. It seems as though the chefs here are pretty consistent with the amount of ingredients in this dish. And I say that because all the ingredients just blend so well together, that it makes me want this entree every time I come here. For example the brown butter sauce that they use, seems to be distributed evenly  across the entire dish because it isn't an over saturating amount that diminishes the other ingredients and flavors of the dish. The same can be said for the other ingredients used as well.As of now I an absolutely a fan of Coastal Flsts and I will most definitely be coming back. Some takeaways for my fellow Yelpers are: 1. Their menu seems a bit limited2. Like my friend Susan H. said, having a name like "Coastal Flats", should have more seafood dishes on the menu3. Be prepared to wait for while, if you're coming during peek hoursThat's right I'm a fan!
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,4/16/2014,321,489,8,26,22>OPA! was a true surprise in the happiest way for me. Having married into a 100% Greek family, I have a devout interest in testing out every eatery that touts itself as Greek, whether it's higher-end like Mourayo in DC, or a quick strip mall joint, such as OPA! I had had OPA! on my bookmark list for quite some time, and during a weekend where the husband and I decided to only eat at bookmarked spots, OPA! was on the list. Wow - so glad we finally made the drive to Ashburn for some truly delicious and satisfying Greek cuisine.What we mainly loved about OPA! that earned a rare 5-stars: authentic Greek cuisine (not dumbed-down) that's served in a modern, bright, and friendly atmosphere. Think surprisingly nice for a strip mall location in the suburbs, with plenty of tables, friendly, fast and accurate service, clean everything, and nice silverware/plates...all for not too much $$$.Because my Yelp check-in earned us 10%, we went ahead and ordered several items to share. For starters, we opted for the Dip Trio, and for only $10, we were pleasantly surprised by the quantity, taste, and presentation. We chose tzatziki, hummus, and melinzanosalata, accompanied by fresh, warm pita bread, with the always-welcome addition of olives, cucumbers, and tomatoes for additional dip vehicles. Clean plate club with the dips.Next, we treated ourselves to avgolemeno soup (I think a true test of a Greek restaurant is how lemony and savory the avgolemeno soup is). For only $4, again, the portion size and taste suggested something more expensive, but this soup was the best Greek lemon soup I've ever had - my husband and I were fighting over it. We also of course ordered the dolmadakia - sorry to hammer that amazing prices, but it was only $7 for 4 very large, over-stuffed, warm, tender grape leaves filled to the max with tender meat, rice, and smothered in a perfectly-executed avogolemeno-type sauce. So rare is it to enjoy dolamdes that are so tender you can cut them with a fork (every other Greek/Mediterranean place - take a hint).Finally, for our shared entree, we ordered the "OMG Platter (OMG = Opa Mezze Grill)" - $19 for 5 kinds of meat, including French fries and pita! We thoroughly enjoyed the meat fest - two different types of gyro meat (classic and Chicago style), chicken skewer, pork skewer, and Greek 'hamburger' skewer (kind of like Turkish kofte, or spice ground beef on a skewer - so good). Our waitress was genuinely surprised that we were able to put away pretty much all of the OMG Platter without a to-go box, but I think it is perfect to share!In actuality, the only "forgettable" aspect of our meal was the big ol' side of rice that my husband ordered, which we literally forgot to eat because we were so busy with all of the other Greek specialties in front of us.We didn't order any dessert, but it did appear as though they had some gooey and fresh baklava in to-go containers.We will absolutely return, and next time with the in-laws. Opa!
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2012,10/23/2012,9,132,,3,5>I can't get enough of this place!  Yes, the proximity to my apartment is more than ideal, but what I really love is the service I get each and every time I walk in the door.  Speaking of walking in the door, brace yourself for the wave of cheese that will hit you.  It is amazing.  Moving right along: I have been here to find wine suitable for Beef Bourguignon, champagne for mimosas, wine which pairs with both chocolate and cheese, wine to get me through a snow storm...I have never been steered in the wrong direction.  If I don't want to spend a ton on wine, I don't get a snotty look.  If I look lost, somebody comes to help me.  If I'm not sure I'll like a certain kind of cheese, I can try some first.  If wine or cheese isn't your thing, come here for the charcuterie, beer, dried fruits...or the pints of ICE CREAM.  Imported from a creamery in Ohio, it is worth every expensive bite.  Arrowine is a neighborhood gem.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2012,10/22/2012,20,131,2,4,3>Tried this place for lunch. Food looked so good on DDD, so I had to try. It's a weird location, and parking could be difficult.. though you could always park at the shopping center next door and walk down... anyway, small place, probably 10-12 booth/tables...I came here for take out, since I prefer to not eat alone at restaurants.Anyway, what matters-- the FOOD! I ordered 2 Arepas (From the menu)Reina pepeadaA delicious chicken salad blend made of avocado and mayonnaise.Carne mechadaTender pulled beef slow cooked and full of flavor.I ordered the Chicken one on grilled cornmeal and the Carne on fried cornmeal, per recommendation of the guy on the phone.Firstly, it was the perfect amount, both Arepas were LOADED and FULL to the brim of meat. The chicken and Avocado has tons of avocado and chicken (I was worried it would be skimpy on avocado, but it surely wasn't). The carne was tasty, moist, and I added their spicy green sauce/salsa to it. Delicious.This place is amazing, can't believe I haven't been here yet.. I didn't even notice that I had passed by so many times. Can't wait to return! (also, fyi, for take out, nothing was soggy 10 min later, once i got home, so no worries there).
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,10/21/2012,62,98,,12,7>I usually don't write a review on a place until I've been there a few times, but I wanted to calm the fears of people out there who may be turned off by the severely negative recent reviews.We went to use our 3 course meal Groupon, which provided a limited (but still great) menu. It was a Saturday night with no wait so we sat outside on the patio. The patio is pretty relaxing on a warm evening with solid tunes in the background. We ordered the clam chowder, French onion soup, sirloin steak, and dirty chicken linguini. It was all pretty tasty, especially the linguini. I usually can't finish pasta since it's so heavy, but before I knew it my plate was cleared.My favorite thing may have been the bread, no joke. The warm rolls come with a delicious butter that has a hint of honey and cinnamon. I wish I could have taken a tub of it with me. For dessert we each had the French silk pie which was fantastic. The decor of Daks is pretty unique. It looks like an old house someone used to live in - I'm curious the history behind it. I would definitely recommend Daks for a nice meal out - especially on a warm summer evening on the patio. There's a lot of negative reviews mentioning the bad service, but our waitress did a fine job and was quite friendly. Don't take the negative reviews as scripture - if you find this place appealing, give it a shot!
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2012,10/20/2012,32,123,3,6,4>This review is for the brews ONLY and not for the food at all. We only came here for the brews.I'm a recent convert of Dogfish Head and I have to say that my regard for it is increasing with each encounter. So yummy!!  Wanting to widen my repertoire of this brand, I opted for the Premium tasters (you get to choose any 4 on tap). The glasses were about double the size of a shot glass each. They fit in the round grooves of a wooden block (there are 6 holes in all).  And the bartender will write the names of the 4 brews of your choice on a laminated card in line with where he places each of the brews so you'll never lose track of which one you're sampling. Very nice! I've tried the 60 mins IPA and the Midas Touch before. So, with so many choices to choose from I ended up with: Raison d'Etre, Sah-Tea, Theobroma, and Ta Henket. I loved all of them except maybe Ta Henket the least.We 3 sat at the bar for ease of access to the bartender and also because we weren't eating. But the alehouse is quite spacious with lots of room in the dinning area. The bar is not that huge and there were some booths to the side of the bar. I actually prefer the sofa booths when in a beer place so more of those would have been nice. For a Saturday night though this place was relatively empty. There weren't so many diners there to begin with when we came in from an early dinner at Bangkok Golden across the parking lot and the place soon emptied out. A guy with a guitar started playing some live music (he was quite good!) a little while before we left which was right before 10pm.Love Dogfish Head!!
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2012,10/19/2012,209,343,5,5,5>I'm not exactly a priss nor a proud gun-toter but I went to Pev's for a company team building exercise and boy, was it AWESOME. We got basic gear and tons of ammo (highly recommended you buy more than you think you'll need). We had two refs and both were super informative, especially for those who were paintball noobs. The fields were great, there were wooden shelters and log bunkers to hide behind. The refs, being that they work there and have played their fair share of paintball, had some really good suggestions on different games to play on different fields. It definitely made for a more interesting experience.Some of the fields had water coolers (it was about 90 degrees when I went... tack on two layers of sweatshirts for padding...) so that was a nice touch. They also have a concession stand for drinks and there are light meals served but it wasn't open when I went. The only potential downer is price- they have a couple of different rates for ammo which look pretty steep, especially if you plan on staying awhile. If you can buy ammo elsewhere for cheaper (Amazon?), bring it along with you to save a couple bucks.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,10/18/2012,443,442,3,10,6>Watch out Tachibana and Yama, there's a new favorite Sushi place in town!As my craving for raw fish came on, my boyfriend and I decided to try this place out. The evening did not start out as smooth as I had hoped because we couldn't find the restaurant!  After parking and walking around, we finally saw it... hiding behind trees at the corner of a building was Sushi Yoshi.  Crowded as can be inside and outside on a Tuesday night, we waited in the doorway next to 3 other parties, yet no hostess was to be seen! After looking around to be helped, we were finally seated at the bar. Although we weren't too happy at first, our friendly waitress and the amazing food definitely made up for it. As yelp recommended, we tried the chirashi.YOUNG'S CHIRASHI DELUXE ($28): Although it may seem pricey, this order is worth it! We wished we only shared this because it came with a mountain of rice, fresh vegetables, lotus roots, eel, shrimp, sun-dried tomatoes, etc...  The sashimi comes on the side and WOW, was there a lot of it.  Fresh and generous portions of salmon, tuna, yellowtail, white tuna, sea urchin, salmon roe, clam, toro... the list goes on! I will come back again and again for this dish!! We also ordered some hand rolls which were nothing too out of the ordinary, but definitely worth the price (~$5/each).Overall, Sushi Yoshi has the best overall value for any Japanese restaurant I've seen in this area. Not only is the fish fresh, but its also relatively inexpensive.  I would suggest making reservations so you don't end up having to wait for a table!
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,10/17/2012,418,262,6,13,8>If you read my reviews, you know I deem Taqueria Juquilia THE place to go for authentic Mexican in the DMV.  But, it's underground, not in the most convenient location, and prices are not clearly noted anywhere.  Plus, you can't eat there if you happen to have a craving between Monday and Friday. Tacos El Costalilla to the rescue!  No, they don't serve carnitas de puerco (pork belly) tacos, but the menu is so extensive, you'll find lots of delicious alternatives.  So far, I've only tasted their taco al pastor (pork), carne asada (steak) sope, and shrimp ceviche tostada.  Yes, not just ceviche, but ceviche tostada.  It blows Taqueria Juquilita's famed chicken tostada out of the water!  Juicy shrimp tossed in pico de gallo with extra lime juice and placed on a fried corn tortilla and topped with avocado slices.  It's freshly made because you can witness a few shrimp chunks go from gray to orange right before your eyes.  The taco al pastor was absolutely delicious.  I was scared the meat would be dry, so it was a very pleasant surprise.  Tacos are on the small side and come with your usually two corn tortillas.  I would suggest ordering two to three tacos if that is all you're eating.  If you don't eat meat, they will gladly make you shrimp tacos at no extra charge, but you must ask since it's not a menu item.  As for the carne sope, think fried, puffy, possibly cornmeal-based tortilla with a thin refried bean spread and topped with steak chunks and cotija cheese.  Also very delicious, but you must pick this up with your fingers and go to town.  In fact, I would ditch all eating utensils for the items mentioned.There is a salad bar like that at Taco Bar in MD and that was a major highlight.  It includes minced white onions, minced cilantro, pickled radish, pico de gallo, pickled vegetable medley (with whole jalapenos), tomatillo salsa, and a legitimately spicy red salsa that will make your nose run in thirty seconds flat.  But, I like that.  Dress your tacos, tostadas, and sopes to your heart's desire.  I spotted some promising items on the picture-heavy menu that I will definitely order next time: menudo that looks like a Mexican grandma made it, lengua tacos (usually my standard for judging a taqueria, but Suzy D. convinced me to opt for the pastor), and fish ceviche tostada.  This plate is located in a sketchy strip along Route 1, but seriously, considering I have to hike to Columbia Heights to eat in someone's run-down apartment that smells like urine, I'd pick this place any day.  I can't knock Taqueria Juquilita too much, though, because I need to get my pork belly taco fix occasionally.Cash only if your order is under $8; otherwise, they accept plastic.  Prices are very reasonable and you should have no problem ordering more than $8 worth of food because the menu is absolutely enticing.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,10/16/2012,110,282,18,10,10>My sister, who is a certified zumba instructor and everything dancer since she could walk, challenged me to take this $5 one hour class with her. She said it was so intense that it would make me throw up. Bring it on, I said. So, of course I ate a meal of eggs and rice about 20 minutes prior to starting. In retrospect, we should've left the house even earlier than that because by the time we got there, the line for Kazaxe, the instructor's invented word for her type of killer routines, was already redonk. Did I mention that this all happened inside a big 'ole bingo hall yet? And did I also mention that the instructor, Azuka, is half angel and half amazing? The way this girl moves her body, she could be half stripper and half percolator. It's time for the percolator, it's time for the percolator, it's time for the percolator. So anyway, I go up on stage per her invite (no, forreal!) and I'm dancing with Azuka and I hit the wall, as in I got real tired and slowed down. Embarrassing. I must've been half crazy for thinking this would be something like a breeze. Hip hop, Latin, the Wobble?, and even a Filipino folk dance called Tinikling, all played for what seemed like an hour straight and every freakin' muscle in my body was burning oh so good!. And then we cooled off and I was able to keep the eggs and rice in my tummy. Mission accomplished. Wow, what a work out!
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,10/15/2012,60,178,,7,4>What an unexpected pleasant surprise, not really knowing what to expect since I have never shot a gun before.I was in the area, on a cold rainy Saturday and have been meaning to check out the range to schedule a lesson. It is located towards the end of an industrial complex and the parking area was packed!  I came in, which immediately, is the showroom and general sales area and noticed a few boxes of yummy looking donuts, with people helping themselves, nice touch.  There was a good, lively, non-intimidating buzz about this place; although there were so many types of guns on display and behind glass.  I was surprised to see some families there.  I looked around a bit and was happy to see other women there as well, alone.  I heard some folks talking about how great the renovations looked, I guess it just happened.  A sales person approached me, and asked if I needed some help.  He asked was it my first time here, since I must have looked a bit overwhelmed, and what I thought of the place, since the owner just renovated it and offered to show me a quick tour and help schedule a training. I noticed him looking around every other second as he showed me the actual range, lounge, and showroom, he mentioned that everyone who works there has this habit of eye-roving to make sure no funny business is going on.  The place is clean, well-lit, professional and friendly...I will be back in a couple weeks for my training...so excited to have found this place!
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,10/14/2012,39,125,6,4,2>While living in sin with my girlfriend, she decided that it would be a good thing to take in her cat.  And just to make it 100% and save a bit of my masculinity, she didn't have to twist my arm as I am a cat person.Dr. Malachi is an awesome person.  Super great with our cat, and she tells it how it is.  Doesn't push us into any treatments or anything like that (sans food, but almost any vet will do that).  The staff was cool with us, and their office cats are equally badass.  I'm biased and an animal lover, under normal circumstances such a crap parking lot would knock a place down, but I'm feeling good this a.m.  The building is a bit old on the outside, but at least they have kept it up nicely on the inside.  Careful out front, there's a pothole rivaling the abyss.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,9/15/2014,60,220,5,5,6>I went here for lunch on a Sunday. Service is cafeteria-like but quick and efficient. The food is all about amazing chicken and oh so many side to choose from! I got the half chicken with lentils and chic peas. Both sides were flavorful and tasted differently. The chicken was warm but the white meat a little dry. This place is going in my permanent rotation for a quick delicious meal.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2014,9/14/2014,105,146,4,7,5>Java shack is what more neighborhood coffee shops in the DC area should aspire to be. It's unpretentious and cozy with just enough quirk for me to get my weekend coffee. It is also dog friendly and many of the guests bring their dogs with them on the front porch. Helpful to have a pet/dog store next door to love on so many adorable canines. I typically get an iced coffee or chai but my fiance insists that their espresso is also very good. It's not the best coffee in the area but it's steps above most of the chains. Considering it's one of the older and less corporate-looking businesses on the Wilson/Clarendon Blvd corridor, it's worthwhile checking out. Independent coffeeshops get a second glance for my dollar bills, and Java Shack is a great little coffee business.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,9/13/2014,53,241,3,3,6>This may be the best fro-yo place I've ever been to. I've had better taro and birthday cake flavors than I sampled here, but the Nutella and Salted Caramel were amaaaaazing. They also had a ton of flavors that were just different than I'd seen elsewhere. They had a good selection of toppings. My only complaint about those is that there were no crushed Oreos-- only whole Oreos. They did actually have both crushed Reese's and whole Reese's, which was cool. I also threw in a few strawberry boba-mmmmm. Additionally, there was hot fudge and caramel by the check-out... not free though like at some other places.The manager/owner was the only one there, and was super nice. He also offered me my choice of colored spoon, which, while I'm not 12, I still appreciated it. The spoons were printed with their logo, too. Just a cute, yummy, crisp fro-yo place. I'll be baaaaack. Mwahahahaha.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,9/12/2014,102,57,1,8,6>What's better than pizza? Build-Your-Own-Pizza.Of course it can't possibly get better than BYOP, right? WRONG.Pizzanese is a new place that opened up in Herndon, VA--first of it's kind. While they do offer a menu of already designed pizzas--like the Korean BBQ pizza--the BYOP option is brilliant. Unlimited Toppings for only $8.50?! You really can't beat that. All the ingredients are fresh and tasty! There are salad options as well (BYOS, too). To top off your lunch/dinner experience, Pizzanese offers Boylan Hand-Crafted Fountain Sodas. This place is a must try! I wish I could break down all the different selections, but it definitely worth the visit!I was going to put 4-stars due to this being a new establishment, but after meeting one of the employees, Mena, I had to bump it up to 5 stars. The customer service is just as important to the food, in my opinion. Mena walked us through the entire process, even checking on us after we devoured our personal pizzas. We'll definitely be frequenting this place during lunch!
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,9/11/2014,14,5,4,7,6>I usually order delivery once a month and the food is delicious (sesame and orange chicken are my favorites). How they manage to keep the chicken crispy for delivery I still don't know how they do it. Maybe it's because they are so fast at delivering it to my door. They usually say it will take 45 min to an hour but I usually have it on my table and ready to eat within 15-20 minutes. This is so much faster than me cooking something in my own kitchen.When family and friends are in town this is are "go to" Chinese takeout. And EVERYONE loves it!If you are hungry and don't know what to cook, call Tasteful Delight and they'll have it to your door before you open your fridge and decide what you want to make.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,9/10/2014,53,164,3,4,4>You always hear people say "NEVER get pizza from a chain, always buy local". They say that because of places like Rubino's. The food is so good it's hard for me to write this review without resorting to tried-and-true four letter adjectives to describe how fantastic Rubino's Pizzeria truly is.Is there anything bad here? I don't know. The lasagna freakin' dominates. It's juicy, full of meat, cheese and drenched is amazing sauce. Ordering lasagna from a restaurant is like the Powerball -- we all play, but nobody ever truly wins. Here? It's phenomenal. The same goes for their chicken pesto (NOM!). Oh, and the pizza? It's exactly what you want -- cheesy, salty, sinful and every slice is followed up with "Well, maybe just ONE more." Good stuff.Here's the greatest tip I can give you: Chicken parm sliders. CHICKEN PARM SLIDERS. For $5.99, this is the one of the single greatest deals in the area. Why? The sliders are HUGE (about the size of a softball) and you get three of them. They're ridiculously good, piping hot and unbelievably amazing. I could write more, but trust me... they're good (and they're JUST an appetizer)!My only complaint (and it's minor) is that you can't get a good assortment of drinks with delivery.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,9/9/2014,167,499,8,4,4>Yes, the BBQ meets Tex-Mex American food is tasty, reasonably priced and freshly prepared. And don't forget those killer bread baskets.Yes, they have brews on tap and a nice seasonal variety.Yes, they have a cool square bar area, an open kitchen, and servers with matching vests, bolos and boots and hats (ok the boots and hats may be optional.)Yes, there's an outdoor patio that looks kinda fun if you don't mind having a view of the parking lot.Yes, you are in the suburbs so be thankful you were able to park your car in said parking lot.Yes, be glad you aren't in a strip mall like many other restaurants here in the 'burbs like Sweet Water's slightly sleepier sister restaurant, Silverado. Super.Yes, they are super friendly and give you buzzers while you wait 3 hours for a table.Wait a minute...3 hours for a table? In Falls Church? For a place that looks like a Cheesecake Factory with the top floor removed? Yes.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,9/8/2014,97,115,1,6,4>If you want a high dose of food coma after a meal, Saigon Quan is the place to hit up. I don't know what they put in their food, but I found myself napping for at least an hour or two after eating there. With that said, the food is amazing!I've only had the egg rolls, deep fried chicken wings, the pho, and the bun bo hue here, and I think they all taste wonderful. Expect the bun bo hue to be huge. They only have one size for $8.50 but you will love it. If I don't feel like eating pho, I choose this alternative.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2014,9/7/2014,325,307,8,14,11>I'm looking to the sky to save meLooking for a sign of lifeLooking for something to help me burn out brightI'm looking for a complicationLooking 'cause I'm tired of tryingMake my way back home when I learn to fly high-Selected Lyrics from Foo Fighters, Learn to FlyA life defining moment needs to be done well the first time 'round. It takes solid planning, you need good training, add a splash of organization and hefty feeling of good vibes before your feet are skyward bound.Two internet deals were scored and were cashed in simultaneously and two different experiences ensued. Let's just focus on mine for now.Check-in was easy, albeit the waiver is understandably tedious. Blah-blah-blah-death-blah-blah-no suing-blah-blah-sign your life way. Sign here. Done. The folks at check-in were super friendly and easy going. There are plenty of signs and verbal instructions to take the guesswork out of the sign-in process for those unsettled participants whose minds were elsewhere. I was paired with Ricco; skydiving extraordinaire, my GoPro videographer and my lifeline. His wit and personality was simpatico with mine and all went off without a hitch. I never felt unsafe. Ever. And that makes room for a lot of fun. It says a lot about an instructor when you trust them before your feet leave the ground. Ricco did a great job with the GoPro positioning and you could tell that this was not his first time at the rodeo y'all. His cinematography made out like we had a third party videotaping our jump; not everyone could pull that off. His commentary was funny as were the candid shots he took when my head was turned away from the camera.My video was certainly worth the money. The package afforded me immediate access to the raw footage via CD and an edited version was mailed out 1.5 weeks later. Before receiving my edited CD/DVD, I put together my own edit and mixed it with my personal footage and the other diver's video. I was not impressed with the DC Skydiving edit, but was glad that I had all the raw files and my own personal footage shot on the ground. Now Dave's (skydiver #2) diving experience was not as seamless as mine. His instructor didn't pull off Ricco's camerawork and didn't have the same personality. We combined our video footage together and I had to edit out chucks to make his experience as seamless as mine. Check out my experience here (purchased video does not include the ground footage) vimeo.com/97793687The skydiving experience was everything I hoped it would be and more. If you're reading this review and are sitting on the fence, it's time to JUMP.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2014,9/6/2014,10,157,1,9,4>Tonight we dined here after almost a year.  Our friends wanted to meet up here and we were excited to go back after a long time.  We sat outdoors as the weather was nice. The servers are attentive, but not super friendly. They just want to put the stuff on the table and leave....not very warm.  But that's fine - as long as they are attentive.Today we ordered the following:- Aam Palak Chat: Today it tasted a lot better than a year ago.  The spinach chat at Rasika still tops my list, and I am yet to find a restaurant that makes spinach chat as crispy as Rasika.  But at least over here, the spinach is not oily.  Definitely worth a try.- Kolkotta Kachori: The ingredients inside the pastry are delicious, but the pastry itself tasted a bit stale....definitely not fresh. So I just ate the stuffing.- Tikki: This is pretty good.  Its served with hummus instead of the regular chutnyes.- Daal Makhani: This was DELICIOUS.  We asked them to make it medium spicy, and it surely had a tinge of spice. I am a Daal Makhani snob, and have high standards.  The daal here definitely impressed me....must have!!- Malai Kofta: DELICIOUS.- Okra Do Pyaaza: This is very good as well...full of flavor and a good size portion.- Rosemary Naan: My favorite bread out of all.The food is definitely good here and I love the fact that they have outdoor seating. There is a public garage right next to the restaurant, so parking is not an issue.  Overall, a great Indian restaurant with great food.  Being an Indian, I am not easily impressed with Indian restaurants, but the food here is great.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,8/3/2012,215,150,9,6,6>Arlington Cinema and Drafthouse is an excellent compromise when you really want to see a movie on the big screen and your significant other doesn't.  For one, you pay less to see the movie.  Two, you can order some pretty awesome food (their burgers are definitely where it's at.  Haven't tried the pizza but it looks good too).  Three, you can drink.  This all means that if you're stuck seeing a movie you don't like, you can drink yourself into oblivion until it's over and then make your SO drag your drunk ass out and drive you home as a means of revenge.  Not that I've ever done that...
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,8/2/2012,9,132,,5,3>I came here not knowing what to expect, and I was pleasantly surprised!  I'm always ready to compare burger places to my beloved (and very affordable) Ray's Hell Burger, and this came in pretty darn close.  First of all...the three of us had GREAT service.  The cashier was super friendly, as was the guy who came by to pick up our trash.  The fries were strangely dark and short, but they actually weren't too bad if one added yummy dipping sauce (the Sriracha mayo was my fave).  They weren't super crispy, but honestly it didn't bother me.  I ordered the Good Stuff Melt Medium well (they normally come Medium rare) and it was good!  Drippy and messy (NOT greasy as most reviewers state), but that's what happens with sauteed mushrooms, caramelized onions, cheese, and sauce. also I ordered a "snack size" Toasted Marshmallow milkshake and fries, because come on.  This is America.  To put it mildly, this milkshake was Amaze-balls.  It tasted just like I was standing over a campfire eating freshly toasted marshmallows, except with ice cream!  Get this.  You're welcome.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2012,8/1/2012,66,170,,2,6>Coastal Flats has an awesome outdoor patio!  Pretend you are in Hilton Head, SC, paces from the sand and sea, hanging out with the glitterati.  Join the crowd at the large bar, or find a quiet table for two with a view.  Of course, the view is a parking lot, but hey, we're pretending we're at the coast, remember?  Seriously, the patio is huge and has a real down-south feel to it, complete with a few rocking chairs.  It's lovely on a breezy evening.    Another Great American Restaurant concept, the menu here is similar to that found at Sweetwater Tavern, Artie's in Fairfax, and Jackson's in Reston.  Additional seafood items are incorporated to keep up the "coastal" feel.  I particularly like the shrimp with grits.  The lobster bisque made with sambuca cream is to die for.  I get it every chance I have.  The other night I had the warm goat cheese and spiced pecan salad, with dried cranberries and champagne vinaigrette.  I asked the server if the salad was smaller than the others since it cost $8.00 versus the main course salads at $14.  She said it was, but I didn't think so when I got it.  A few less ingredients, maybe, but not smaller by any means.  That with the bisque was plenty filling for me.Other yummy items on the menu:  the coastal roast chicken salad (which can be found at just about all of the GAR restaurants), and the hickory grilled chicken breast.  They do chicken right!For dessert, please try the flourless chocolate waffle if you have room.  You won't regret it!
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2012,7/31/2012,32,123,5,5,3>Been here a couple of times recently and have been meaning to get the regular Pho noodles but keep getting distracted by all the other interesting Vietnamese noodle dishes. I like that there are so many types of noodle dishes other than Pho here. We went last night the whole family and I ordered a Pho for the kids to share. They both ate very well so it must have been good. The tendons looked so yummy. I feel like the beef cuts here look better than our regular Pho place. I had an egg noodle dish with seafoods (shrimp, squid, fish balls etc.). It was very tasty especially with the chili oil provided. I will definitely come back. WARNING: this place ONLY ACCEPTS CASH !! We didn't realize this and when it came time to pay neither of us had any cash on us! LOL! So, I stayed with the kids while hubbie went to the nearest (working) ATM.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,7/30/2012,418,262,7,8,7>I popped my Peruvian chicken cherry here years ago and won't search elsewhere for comparable food because it is THAT good.  The skin of the chicken is well-spiced and crispy, while the meat is juicy, but you should eat it all within the hour.  Chicken never tastes good cold or re-heated.  You're able to pick two sides, but I suggest you bypass all the options and go straight for the yucca fries.  They are large, crispy, and absolutely delicious when dipped in the provided sauces (tip: mix the mayo/mustard blend with the aji verde sauce).  That aji verde sauce has a strong kick and would taste good on anything -- must. find. recipe.  The service is very good.  They will give you extra sauces upon request.  They might even flirt with you if you're a girl, but that's OK -- that means more aji verde sauce for you!  This place is very clean.  In fact, it used to be across the street, but is now in a renovated strip with much more space.  I've heard of El Pollo Rico, but guess what: they don't serve yucca fries.  No super starchy goodness to go along with their supposedly comparable chicken.  That's not acceptable.Please give this place a chance and I promise you won't go elsewhere.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/9/2012,7/29/2012,209,343,3,4,3>Aesthetic Dental Spa- like a spa for your chompers. Mimicking a spa, the dental assistants ask if you'd like tea while you wait and there are candles around the office and soothing music in the background. Me? I'm just here to get my teeth cleaned and get some fillings done.While Dr. Naini is a great dentist (extremely thorough and gentle), homegirl doesn't take insurance. Yes, she doesn't take insurance. She noted that they submit the claim to your insurance with the hopes that basic tiers are covered but if your experience is anything like mine, you'll end up paying upwards of $200 per cavity filling, for example. Additionally, since they submit your claim on your behalf, there's no guarantee of coverage so you generally have to pay for most services up front. Definitely a bummer. One great thing about Dr. Naini is that, if scheduled ahead of time, will allow certain appointments after office hours. I've scheduled cavity fillings with her after work since I wasn't able to come in during office hours- a nice touch!Again, since ADS doesn't accept insurance, it's definitely not a dentist for everyone. If you can afford paying a little bit more for quality dental work. Would you be able to find a cheaper in-network alternative? More than likely, but Dr. Naini is worth the visit if your wallet can stomach it.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2012,7/28/2012,463,976,2,7,5>Review for take-out:The staff here are extremely friendly.  I didn't know that they were open until I stopped by Panera and a woman was laying menus on all the cars in the parking lot.  There's a small bar and several booths and small tables.  We tried their Kheow Wahn - stewed chicken (bone-in) with eggplant and green curry, Pad Tua - sauteed green bean in garlic sauce, and their Pad Thai with chicken.  All the dishes were extremely flavorful, not overcooked, with just the right amount of spice.  My only complaint and it is a tiny complaint is that the green curry dish had very little chicken.  Rather we got the bottom of the drumstick which had no meat.I also tried their Thai Iced Coffee which I didn't quite care for.  For me, it just tasted like watered down old coffee with milk and sugar.Bottomline, I'll return again.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2012,7/27/2012,179,466,,4,5>came here with some pizza loving friends. we made reservations, although i guess we didnt really need it since it was packed, but figured - better safe than sorry right. some selections based on the waitresses recommendations, we ordered: - fried brussel sprouts - freakin amazing. lightly coated in parmasean cheese and then flash fried with some peppers to give it a kick. perfection. came with marinara and some mayo sauce. it didnt really need any sauce to be quite honest. - proscuitto and seasonal fruit - came with pear, which was new to me. i've only seen this served with catelope, honeydew, and figs. it was ok but not bc of the pear. the proscuitto was a little dry. - salsiccia pizza - tomatoes, sausage, olives, mozzarella, and arugula. this was GREAT. the crust is perfect and they brought this homemade infused olive oil to dip the crust in, which i mixed with a bit of balsamic vinegar. heaven. the flavor of the sausage was perfection. - campana pizza - provolone, mozzarella, gorgonzola, parmigiano, bacon and sliced pears. there is no sauce on this so be prepared, it is a bit more dry. very cheesey but the sweetness of the pear cut right through the cheese. I just wish there was a bit more pear, and maybe some kind of aivoli or pesto sauce. - cannoli - i got this to-go to eat later because i was too full, but even to go it was still stellar. the cone they make is amazing. perfectly crispy and the cream is thick and sweet. yum yum yum. i want to go back and try their pastas!!
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,7/26/2012,103,20,13,12,5>Liberty Tavern is fantastic at different times for different reasons. You cannot go once and get the full experience. You must go once during the week for lunch, once on the weekend for brunch and once on a Friday night for drinks. I suppose you could do dinner too but who eats dinner anymore?The weekday lunch: The restaurant is never overcrowded during this hour. You can walk in and get a table right away. I suggest sitting downstairs by the window if possible or at the community table in the middle, directly in front of the bar. Order the skirt steak salad or the vermont pizza. Get the chocolate caramel s'more tart for dessert but only if you're prepared to share it with two to three people. If you don't you'll be in a food coma the rest of the day.The weekend brunch: This is trickier because Clarendon LOVES brunch so there is a slim chance you'll have to wait but while you wait, you can drink an irish coffee (they do it right: Jameson AND Baileys) or if you are having a particularly rough morning, order a Port City Porter, it is the perfect breakfast beer. Ask for Matthew to be your server even if it means you have to wait. I prefer, again, to sit downstairs even though the brunch buffet is upstairs. I feel better going back for seconds when I have to climb the stairs. The buffet is only a couple bucks more than Whitlows and it is OUTSTANDING. The food is just phenomenal. Make sure you save room for one of the homemade pop tarts.The Friday night drinks: Most Clarendon douchbags under the age of 26 hate Liberty Tavern. They think that it is boring because there isn't live music or slutty girls falling all over themselves and vomiting in the bathroom and they don't think they can get laid there. Smart people recognize this and avoid the Clarendon Grill crowd by going to Liberty Tavern. It's an older crowd with better taste in beer and it's not so loud that you can't have a conversation. It gets pretty packed on Friday/Saturday nights but it's a good option if you want to feel like you're in a DC bar without heading into the city. Plus, once you are drunk enough, you can walk down to RiRa for live music.To sum this all up: go to Liberty Tavern if you are not a douchebag and you like delicious food and quality service.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/16/2012,7/25/2012,110,282,15,10,13>I've been to Bob & Edith's Diner twice, and the first time was so long ago Yelp had yet to be created. *pulls up pants to chest level and speaks in old man voice* Back in those days, we used carrier pigeons and the pony express to send correspondence to our friends about all the fine eatin' we was doin'. This diner has been around so long that I'm pretty sure it's seen civil rights era hippies and millennial hipsters-- both need a haircut, btw-- sit down and eat breakfast food at 2 am in the morning, talking politics, weed, the war and why Jennifer always says she's going to hang out with us but is all of a sudden too tired when we call her.So, here I was, eating breakfast food at 2 am in the morning, talking politics, weed, the war and why Jennifer always says she's going to hang out with us... wait... what the?!Yeah, so, this place is lovely. It's like the Bermuda Triangle of diners. It's delightfully confusing to the eye and the palette-- dated but authentic; a bit dirty but a lot real; essentially white bread but decidedly "ethnic"; remarkably average food but with surprisingly heavy gravitas in the foodie universe here in Arlington and the DC area. It's a place that has about 200 reviews. Many people describe its food as "meh" or "nothing special." But perhaps this is one of those places whose food is only the catalyst for its patrons who then paint their experience with the broad brushes of good friends and either their personal or the universal zeitgeist. Hmm. Whatever the case, Bob and Edith's door is always open for you.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,5/6/2013,15,75,5,10,7>A Taste of Burma - why are you located so far away?  If you had a shop closer - like...Alexandria for example...I would be there EVERY DAY. Maybe it's good that it's a once in a while treat, because otherwise, I'd be on the news when the paramedics have to get a crane to get me out of my bed.Best friend and I went on a friday afternoon (Nov 9) for a late lunch and was greeted by the chef herself (whose name I forgot to write down.)  She's awesome and friendly and chatted with us for a bit and talked about awesome tasty foods and hilariously picky customers.  Loved her!The food? AMAZING.   Get the Tea leaf salad, because it's awesome. The ginger salad is refreshing and palate cleansing and so delicious. Get the sample appetizer platter so you get a bit of everything: the tofu in particular is so tasty (perfectly fried and crisp on the outside, creamy and smooth inside.) We also got 2 different noodle dishes (Mandalay chicken noodles and Singapore noodles) that we tried our best to finish even though we were full to bursting (we took the leftovers home).  The chef also sent out a complementary slab of the cream of wheat cake that was smooth and coconut-y and amazing.  We quite literally rolled out of the restaurant; stuffed to the gills, so happy with the delicious food.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,5/5/2013,589,308,7,16,5>This venue is a hole-in-a-wall.  No other way to describe it.  It's actually very hard to find.  If it wasn't for Nita H I would have never known about this place. My first visit here I was starving so I ordered a large order of the jerk chicken with red beans and rice and cabbage.  First off, no matter how hungry you are, you will never finish a large order.  I made my eyes longer than my stomach could handle.  I think it took me two days to finish that plate.  But that is not a complaint, as the food was great and it had me hooked.  Since my first visit, I have ordered the curry chicken, brown stew chicken, and beef patty.  Everything was great. If you have a craving for any Jamaican food, this would be my first recommendation.The spot has minimal seating so don't expect to sit and be served restaurant style. Take a plate to go and enjoy your SMALL platter of food.  No matter what you order, I am sure you will not be disappointed.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,5/4/2013,246,200,7,12,10>What! I thought this was a spa!? Best dentist visit ever!       Every time I sit in a dentist chair, the sadistic dentist song from Little Shop of Horrors plays in my head. I just can't help it. Maybe it was the decade of US Army dentistry or having to get a filling in a third world country where the barber just tries to pull your tooth instead of fill it.      Regardless, my blood pressure rises, my pulse pounds, my muscles tense and the sadistic dentist song loops over in my head.....until I met Dr Monica Neshat and her kind and gentle staff. Now going to the dentist is not a painful, stressful experience, rather it is relaxing and painfree.      It's hard to feel clinically restricted when you are in a comfy leather chair with massage and heat, inhaling relaxing lavender aromatherapy, hearing the dulcet, easy chatter of the gentle handed hygienists (all female), and catching the cooking show or history channel during cleanings and exams.      If you're a bit reserved about making that cleaning appointment, wait no longer. For gentle touch dentistry in a relaxing and stress free environment, Dr Monica Neshat is head and shoulders above the rest!!
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/9/2013,5/3/2013,421,454,8,14,11>**** 3 1/2 Stars ****-------------------Since we were in Tysons Corner today, we decided to stop by The Galleria and try some pastries from PAUL.We got there on a Saturday around 6:30 p.m. and there was a bit of a line.   Since the line wasn't very long, we figured we would be in and out quickly.  Well...not quite.  Service was actually somewhat disorganized and on the slow side.  In fact, a woman in line right behind us grumbled about how long it was taking---and we commiserated with her.  Finally, a trainee asked us what we would like.  She was a bit confused and flustered but that's to be expected when one is new to a job.  My husband ordered a lemon tartlet and she wasn't sure which pastry was a lemon tartlet.  Even after we pointed it out to her, she started to grab the wrong thing.  I got a large vanille macaron and she knew exactly what I wanted.   After she boxed the order and started to close the box, the box tipped a bit and she was apologetic.  I told her that it was okay as nothing was damaged.  Once that was done, then we had to wait to pay.  Our order was put in a line with others ahead of us.  When it was time to ring us up, I told the clerk what we ordered.  She opened up the box to check, which, actually, is a good idea.  The 2 pastries cost almost $10.My husband really liked his lemon tartlet.  He said that the custard was very smooth and he thought that it had a good tart flavor.  In other words, just tart enough.As for my vanille macaron --- After having had Laduree recently, I couldn't help but compare the two.  Laduree's vanille macaron had much better flavor while PAUL's was too sweet and could have used a bit more vanilla.  Like Laduree, it had a crunchy shell on the outside.  However, the inside had more of a cakey texture.We both agreed that we would be willing to try some of their other pastries next time we're in Tysons.  Hopefully, they will streamline the ordering and paying process at some point.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2013,5/2/2013,980,560,6,11,8>I can't believe it's been 6 years since I stepped foot into my first bikram studio.  I definitely wouldn't call myself an expert because I've been so on and off as a result of my crazy work and school schedule, but whenever I do get back into it -- I can feel the benefits within the first few classes back.  I can sleep well throughout the night, my lower back pain from a prior car accident magically disappears, my skin is soft (as a result of the sweat from my pores opening and allowing our natural lanolin to release through them), my mind feels more clear and balanced, my toxins are released -- and overall, I just feel great!I've yet to try Fairfax (although I'm due for a visit soon) but I've encountered nothing but positive vibes from the Tysons location.  The instructors are friendly, helpful, and motivating.  They're always available for questions before and after classes as well. (Shh... I don't mean to play favorites, but I love taking classes with Insel and Stephen)For first timers, the goal is to stay in the room for the full 90 minutes.  You don't have to do all of the postures -- you can try them or sit down if you need a break.  You CAN eat before class -- but ONLY something light, such as a yogurt, fruit, or granola bar.  For everybody, I recommend hydrating yourself well before and after class!  The cold lavender towel makes you feel like it was all WORTH IT at the end.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2013,5/1/2013,966,3217,2,9,8>Ever since I read Jalon Z.'s review of this place and he mentioned how good the breakfast burritos are - I knew I had to find my way over here one day and try one out! He was not kidding!I've been in here twice now - once for lunch, got a Italian cold cut style sub to go; and today I came to eat in and try out the breakfast burrito.The sub was rather ordinary - if I was writing this review solely based on the sub, it would've been a 2-3 star review. However, the breakfast burrito is awesome! You choose your meat - your choices are bacon, sausage, ham, or Chorizo. I went with the Chorizo. It will also include eggs, cheese, onions, bell peppers, etc.My plate came out with the Burrito (I cut it in half before taking a photo - looked yummier with the innards exposed!), plus some Black Bean refried beans, some Pico de gallo, and crema. Lorena also came running out  a minute later after bringing me the Burrito - with a side of hot sauce - not something in a bottle, but I suspect, something she makes (I didn't ask). It was excellent hot sauce and complimented the Burrito perfectly. It had a wonderful intersection of heat and flavor! The Burrito with that hot sauce was divine. Filling and delicious!You can also order more traditional breakfast sandwiches, hash browns, etc.I'll be back for more Burritos and to try some other things!
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,4/30/2013,120,192,9,6,5>This place is great.  Don't be fooled on your way to this restaurant.  The road to Happy Satiety is paved with potholes and ever-changing lane markers.  Even the parking lot is outdated. By outdated, I mean, that there is no real lot.  It's just a thin parking strip clearly not enough for America's bigger cars filled with bigger diabetics.But in the case of this place, I don't blame the diabetes.  I, too, would develop such diseases after having found out about this place from my friend.Get inside, and you'll find decor that looks like an Egyptian tomb or something out of the set of Indiana Jones.  The service is nice and friendly.  The prices are really good.  And the food is flavorful.  Now, I've had some good Ethiopian food before (See my Review of Zenebech Injera), and this place is great on multiple levels in terms of quality of food.  It's also better on some other aspects as mentioned earlier in this review.  However, what makes this place better than Zenebech Injera is the "aftermath."  When we go out for Ethiopian, we go all out.  But the next morning, my stomach is destroyed; it feels as though my intestines are hungover.  Thus, much time is spent in the restroom.  But at Dama, there is no regret.  There is no Walk/Run of Shame as you shield yourself from the public embarrassment of gut-pulverizing diarrhea.There's a bakery that's also part of the restaurant, and the desserts are fresh and coma-inducing.On a side note, the bathroom could use better soap.  It's just a non-labeled ketchup bottle of green water.  And well, the bathroom could be improved as well; it's too small.   It looks like an orgy of porcelain.As I move out of the city, I will like this place more and more, because it means I won't have to drive into DC's epicenter of Ethiopian Life to get great food.  While my friends were there to celebrate a special day, I feel like we all won.  Happy Birthday, Eric.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,4/29/2013,48,87,9,8,7>No frills, just good pho.1. Stand in line and wait for some spots to open up.2. Get seated and handed a laminated one page menu.3. Order pho.4. Eat pho.5. Get up and pay at the cashier, cash only.That's about all there is to it!This place is simple and one of the best pho spots in town.  I like to order a side of onions in vinegar to add some crunch and bite to my pho.  Be sure to leave any articles of clothing you don't want smelling like pho in the car!
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,4/28/2013,47,445,2,5,4>I took my parents to AguaViva's happy hour when they were in town because I figured it would be amusing to see them in a lounge and I wanted to check out their happy hour. It was pretty dead at AguaViva around 7 pm on a Friday but that benefited us because we got to sit upstairs on the swanky VIP couch. The service was friendly and quick and there is a good selection of happy hour drinks until 8 pm - rail drinks, margaritas, sangria, and mojitos for $5. The mojitos were served in tall glasses and had too much sprite for my liking but the sangria was good (but not authentic). My mom enjoyed her margarita and tequila so much that she ended up dancing some (don't worry, I didn't post the pictures). We ordered some of the $5 appetizer specials - empanadas, chicken skewers, and egg rolls - but the highlight by far was the classic ceviche ($10). I was impressed with the presentation of the ceviche (martini glass and plantain chips) and wow, the flavors and freshness did not disappoint. It was some of the best ceviche I have had in the US. Now I know to come back and order lots of ceviche and sangria! Their brunch menu looks pretty good too. I hope some people are partying hard late at night here because I want to see AguaViva succeed. Old Town benefits from having a diversity of places to drink rather than just your typical bar.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2012,4/27/2013,81,108,6,7,4>Holy Hell does this little place knock my socks off.  Sometimes I really hate living out in the sticks of Loudoun County, where our idea of 'ethnic gourmet' is a sad little Jimmy John's on the corner.  Stopped in one day in a rush to pick up my husband (hehe we're newlyweds, so still getting used to saying the H word) from the Vienna Metro on his way back from Reagan Airport.  Just happened to stumbled across it while desperately seeking out a gas station.  My eyes lit up when I walked in.  Tiny, cramped, rows and rows of Italian goodness.  Oils, meats and ready to go meals delighted my senses.  I think I must've been staring pretty hard when I came in cuz the gentleman at the counter gave me that "yea I can tell you're not from around here" look as I gawked, jaw open, slight drool pooling up in the corners of my bottom lip.  Having finally collected myself, I stumbled around and began picking up random things I wanted to eat, wishing I had brought a shopping bag or pack mule to help transport all the delicious-looking edibles I wanted to bring home.  The realization slowly set in that I could only buy what I could carry, so I ended up with 2 subs (one turkey and one abomination of Italian meats), a mushroom pasta, a sausage pasta, pasta salad and a cannoli.  I made out well, despite what my final bill and wallet said.  Everything was as I expected it to be- flavorful, homemade, obviously fresh ingredients.  I'll probably be scheming in upcoming months for an excuse to come out this way to stop here again.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,3/11/2013,706,347,3,5,5>This review is for The Dandelion Patch's new location on Library street, located on  the side of South Moon Under (I alerted Yelp about the address change and they created a new listing, so I moved my recent review). The Dandelion Patch is a cute and cheery store boasting scarves, trinkets, sorority and university memorabilia, cards/stationery, bags (mostly Vera Bradley), and a variety of planners (momAgenda and Jonathan Adler etc).There were three staff people working at closing time on a Sunday so I assume they get a decent amount of business for personalized stationery and wedding invitations. I noticed patrons mentioning appointment times etc, so I am assuming that's why additional staff is needed.I was looking for a pair of the World's Softest Socks (brand) and this is the only local store that sells them according to the sock website. The Dandelion Patch had a small rack of socks and booties. I bought a pair as a gift and one pair for myself. They are pretty comfortable but get a little too toasty to the point my feet actually get cold, if that makes sense. They fit sizes 6-11 but I am size 8 and they feel a little tight.Anyways, this store is a good option if you want to personalize items or find a small but thoughtful gift for someone. They also had some really pretty university themed ornaments.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,3/10/2013,138,252,3,4,4>Neighborhood place that's a little quieter than Eden Center, but just a few steps away. Parking lot is tiny, which can be a pain. But since even when it gets busy, there's still empty tables, it's a good place to bring a group even without reservations. Staff are friendly though not always the quickest.Lots of families come here and it's got a casual atmosphere. The menu is huge! The egg rolls are just ok, but the fried garlic butter chicken wings, grilled items, and chopped clams app with huge rice crackers are awesome - the clams are even better than Four Sisters'. Portions are generous and everything's pretty inexpensive.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2012,3/9/2013,76,68,3,4,2>A hidden gem! I'm so glad I found this place. A word of caution though...the menu is a bit hard to read if you are not korean, but don't let that deter you! It's like a mini food adventure every time I come and I'm always pleasantly surprised. Most of the people who work there don't speak english either. But I think that's what I like about the place. It's definitely authentic and not just because the dining room is filled with korean people--but authentic because it's down-to-earth and homey and cozy and it just feels like there is some old korean grandma in the kitchen cooking up all these delicious stews and dishes for you. I still have not tried the sashimi and sushi yet so I cannot speak for that, but the kitchen food is superb and the price is hard to beat. They scale the number of ban chan dishes they serve you based on how much you order, but they are very happy to refill any of them for you if you ask. I always leave with a warm fuzzy feeling inside and a full belly. I can't wait to come back to try their fresh fish and order one of those mystery Special A, B, or C's!
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,3/6/2013,94,100,,8,2>Our family came here on a Sunday afternoon.  It's located inside of a tiny mall that A&J's also located in.  The mall looks unappealing but the restaurant itself is renovated and nice.It wasn't too busy and we were seated quickly.  I suggest coming here on an afternoon for lunch because there's a special for ramen with a choice side of three pieces Cali rolls, three pieces of spicy tuna roll, onigiri (Japanese rice balls), or tofu.  The spicy tuna was surprisingly very tasty.  Next time, we'll have to try the other sushi on the menu.  It's decently priced at around 4.50 for a simple roll.  Warning: The TOP THREE Ramens include all the garnishes.  The menu states ALL Ramen come with these garnishes but actually only the top three ramens do.   The three "Special Ramen" below them do not including the "Extreme Spicy Beef Broth."  We all tried the Tonkatsu Ramen which is Pork Bone Broth, the Holy Grail of ramen broths.  The broth was buttery, thick, flavorful just like it should when cooked correctly from the pork marrow. The garnishes I mentioned above are scallions, bamboo shoots, half of a soft-boiled in soy sauce egg, pickled radish,.seaweed and bean sprouts.  We all decided to add extra chashu (pork belly).  Tanpopo's chashu was meltingly tender.  It came out to be 8 thin slices all together with the chashu already included in out Tonkatsu Ramen.  This was more than enough meat in each bowl.  You could taste all the different flavors and subtleties of the ingredients that went into making the broth.  It was extremely tasty.  You can choose your own spiciness level from "1, 2, or 3" which to me turned out to be mild, medium, and burn your lips and tummy hot.  You could either ask them to bring it out separately or have them blend it in your broth prior to it reaching the table.  Man, oh man, was spicy level 3 hot!  My husband ordered this and the broth bit me when I tried to taste it.  Since the temperature of the soup was so hot, it heightened the spiciness. Once the broth was cooled each level of spiciness goes down a level. Honestly, this place is better than Toki Underground in my opinion.  My husband felt the same way.  We were so stuffed that we didn't get to order dessert.  I made the mistake of ordering extra noodles.  There was no need for that as each bowl was incredibly filling.  Would definately be making it back
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2012,3/4/2013,0,183,1,5,4>These tacos have got to be the best!  Better than El Chilango for sure!  The owner was incredibly sweet throughout our entire time there.  He laughed at our struggle with the red taco sauce.  I can handle my spiciness, but this was extremely spicy.  So spicy, my eyes became watery.We ordered the Taco Platter with the pork, chicken, and chorizo tacos.  I've come to realize that chicken tacos never hit the spot for me but re-focusing on the pork and chorizo tacos, they were super flavorful and fresh-hot!  The meats were so well-seasoned, I forgot my dislike of soft taco shells.  This place even mind-effed me into odd new eating habits--the tacos were so good, the next day I bought a huge bag of fresh radishes only to realize that radishes aren't so great without tacos.  =(  This place left me salivating for days.  My eyes grow big with excitement months later when I tell people about this place.Not that you'll want to wash the taste of these tacos away but try their homemade juices in the curious-looking white styrofoam cups on their fridge.  There were two choices when we were there, blackberry and I believe, passion fruit.  We tried both but the blackberry juice is money.Oh yeah, the loroco pupusa was also good but I quickly forgot about those once I bit into one of their tacos (see above).  If you're a vegetarian, loroco is a good choice.  I'm told it's a flower via the pupusa entry of wiki and the owner.  If you'll have an easier time eating it by calling it a vegetable instead, then so be it.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2013,3/3/2013,325,307,8,6,5>My stomach is like Monopoly- it buys up the same "properties" so that I can pass "Go", collect my winnings and keep on trucking. So, why would I change up my game when I'm a winner-winner-with-my-chicken-dinner? Well, just because I'm winning doesn't mean I'm having fun. Thanks to Groupon, I rolled the dice, landed on "Chance" and advanced my token two spaces (2 miles) towards Courthouse. Sadly, there was no "Free Parking" but you can't win 'em all. Meal: Boneless Chicken Breast Kabob Sides: Hummus, Chick Peas (yes, in addition to hummus) and Brown Rice with carrots and raisins (Qabali perhaps?) The food took slightly longer than I anticipated, but arrived before I reached for the Yelp mints in my pocket. (Love me some Yelp schwag) I don't mind waiting for something that tastes fresh and is somewhat of an upgrade from what I'm make at home. The chicken breast was tender, perfectly cooked to my liking and quite pleasing to my palate. The hummus was good, the chick peas were fine, but the rice really shines. I would have traded you "Boardwalk" and "Park Place" for this sweet and savory  Afghan delight. One week after my first visit I rolled the dice again, this time with a Yelp Deal. The second visit was just as tasty as the first. Recently I decide to bring the game to me and had it delivered to my home. The delivery was unbelievably fast and my stomach was satisfied once again. Compared to other acclaimed restaurants in the area, this Kabob is my new favorite. Advance token to Afghan Kabob House and collect your tasty morsels. In this game, everyone is a winner.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,3/2/2013,36,154,3,5,6>What is better than empanadas? Pasty!!!! To tell you the truth, I am not really a meat eater. However, ever since I got pregnant with two boys (yes, identical boy twins), I have been just chowin' down meat like it's nobody's business. In between my meat loaded meals, I felt...empty.or something missing in my stomach! But, now I know what - Pure Pasty! For the first time, my sister and I stopped by this place for an afternoon snack. I mean, it is a snack for a lady who is pregnant with twin boys.. so it really is a hearty meal for a normal person. I ordered a traditional one, and my sister was being good and ordered a veggie one. O.M.G.. so flaky and buttery outside...and so juicy and meaty inside..! It was so perfect! Big chucks and carrots and potatoes complimented ground beef so well. Embarrassing to admit, but I did think about eating another one. This joint is quite open, and you can actually watch people making pasties. The kitchen looks really clean, and people who make them looked pretty happy making them. :) I wonder how many of pasties they eat every day. If you are in the area, I strongly recommend that you stop by this place for either lunch or for an afternoon snack. Especially, if you are a fan of empanadas or Piroshky, you will love this place!! Pasties at Pure Pasty are so perfect to get something hearty in your stomach in this chilly weather, too.Oh, enough talking.. go get it!! :) You're welcome. :D
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,3/1/2013,159,235,5,7,7>I'm a huge fan of authenticity and Tachibana is the real deal.  This place is a treat for Northern Virginians as a REAL sample of Japanese cuisine that can be really hard to find outside of the urban centers.  I knew I was in for some authentic fare when I overheard the staff speaking Japanese instead of Korean.  As many Yelpers will testify, most of your Japanese places around here are actually owned by Koreans.Don't get me wrong; I love Korean people and especially Korean food, but there's something to be said when serving dishes from your OWN culture.  Not only do you have your childhood tastes and experience to build from, but It  also becomes a matter of national pride.I quietly settled myself on to a stool at the sushi bar and ordered up some sho chiku bai with some warm miso.  I noticed that the restaurant was full of Japanese and people were constantly coming to the door picking up carry-out.  OK, I'm already halfway sold...I can tell that this place is well loved by many and they obviously know their business.My main entre that day was the sushi special and I was thoroughly impressed.  The fish was so fresh and delicious it seemed to melt on the palate.   The salmon roe was fantastic and they seemed to explode with flavor at every bite.  Look, I've been frequenting many "Japanese Steakhouses", sushi bars and Asian restaurants around DC for a while now I have to say that Tachibana has it just about right.  The only blemish is their prices which make you pause.  This unfortunately is what prevents them from getting a five star review from me.  In my opinion though - it is the most authentic Japanese restaurant in Northern Virginia.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,2/28/2013,89,148,3,8,3>My first Indian restaurant experience & it was great! The husband & I visited on a Saturday night. Not busy, lot of seating. We were greeted by the owner who was super nice & seated us right away. I noticed he goes from table to table to small talk. He was very friendly. The staff was very polite & also friendly.Here's what I ordered: 1) "Vegetable Samosa Chat" appetizer: Triangle pastries stuffed with potatoes & green peas with Indian herbs & spices, served with mint & tamarind chutney.2) "Curry Pakori" entree: Fresh baked, diced vegetable dumpling, cooked in a curry made with yogurt, curry leaves, & roasted spices.3) Garlic Naan: White flour bread topped with fresh diced garlic & coriander.The appetizer was great (posted a pic of it). We loved the chutney. It complimented the pastries very well, sweet & chickpeas were in it. It was pretty filing for an app but it was nice to try & we would order it again. The curry pakori was amazing (also posted a pic). The veggie dumplings were not that big & the curry was a nice balance of curry flavor with spices. You can really tell a difference with the yogurt in it. I liked it a lot. Finally, the garlic naan. I seriously recommend the garlic naan. I could eat 10 baskets of it! The garlic was not too strong & the naan was so soft & savory. We ordered 3 orders of it. They do have an assortment naan basket that includes garlic naan. They have a lot of vegan options which we love because the husband is a vegan. He loved his dish but I forgot what it was called so I'm leaving that out on this review. They also have a lot of homemade deserts that they offer. We were too full to try a desert but next time I will purposely leave room for it next time. All in all I recommend this restaurant to everyone. Friendly staff & owner, amazing food full of flavor, & a nice atmosphere. You can't go wrong.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,2/27/2013,117,207,2,9,3>After having such a great lunch experience, I decided to stop by for breakfast with my mom and husband on Saturday. Again, the sandwich was free for their opening. The line was a bit longer because it takes a little longer to make breakfast food, but it was well worth the wait! I'm just glad we got there pretty early because the line really piled up behind us!!I had the Aramingo Avenue. It was literally all my breakfast favorites on a bun - bacon, sausage, hash browns, eggs, american cheese, and beer cheese. OMG!! It was so good. It was way too big for one person to eat alone though. I made my way through it, but I definitely would have been happier if I had shared. My mom even said it was the best breakfast sandwich she had ever eaten. I think the sandwich was less than $5 too, and for all those yummies on a bun, I don't think you can beat it. Yum!!
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2014,11/17/2014,142,133,3,10,7>All I can say is WOW! And I am absolutely upset with myself, because my wife and I should have tried this place sooner.When you pull into the shopping center you can immediately tell that this place will either be a diamond in the ruff or something worse (copper).When we entered this place was packed with people, luckily there were a few boths open so we didn't have to wait long to be seated. Our waitress was kind, patient, and knowledgeable. After some deliberation we were ready to order:Wife - Nora's Combo pancakes, scambled eggs w/ cheese, home fries, sausage pattiesMe - Veggie Omelet with hash brown, toast w/ butter and one waffle on the sideAs we waited for our meals to be prepared the owner Joe walked around talking to all the customers, of course you could tell who were the regulars because the conversations with those customers were much longer then the others. I immediately could tell that Joe's cafe would be here to stay because it seems that  Joe has built a strong customer base that always have them coming back.After some time our food finally arrived, and boy was it not only delicious but very plentiful. In my personal opinion I feel like this place has IHOP beat (but to each their own).My wife and I both enjoyed our respective meals and will most definitely be back again.Here are a couple things you should you if you decide to come to Joe's1.) The hours of operations for this place isn't like IHOP. So your window to eat great food isn't very vast. 2.) This place isn't a large establishment but does have a solid customer base, so I would advise getting here early because this place gets packed.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2014,11/16/2014,90,420,5,4,6>I should have been a teenager in the 50's....   this place reminds me of "Happy Days", the Fonz, and Ritchie.   I bet when they hung out at "Al's place", the food was just as greasy and yummy!We both opted for the combo meals:  Patty Melt and the Original Double, with fries and a soda.   Total was less than $18...great for a 50's style date meal!   The sandwiches were fantastic, fresh, tasty and hot!   The fries were shoestring, flavored with pepper/salt and oh so plentiful.   Staff was amazing and friendly, in fact when I mentioned it was our first time, an awesome guy came out and brought us a sampling of custard.   Now, that is service!We shall definitely be back to get our burger/dog fix ......  oh we did go back the next day!
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2014,11/15/2014,202,406,3,5,7>I'll admit, whenever I go to the mosaic district, I generally don't think of Red Apron Butcher as a dining option. Mostly because I can get easily talked into eating at Cava, 4 Sisters, or Matchbox. However, it was definitely in the cards one recent Friday night as we made the rookie mistake of going to the Mosaic district at the height of Friday night movies on the lawn. The fact that they were screening Frozen did not bode well as everywhere was packed. Everywhere, except the quieter corner of the Mosaic district which included Red Apron. I've read about Red Apron in the Washingtonian and read specifically to try their meatball sandwich. After looking at their menu, I went with meatball sandwich and a side of fries. Mmm. Washingtonian did not steer me wrong. Their meatball sandwich was delicious! The meatball was a mixture of different meat (including veal). The veal is what I remember because it gave the meatball added depth in the overall flavor. The sandwich looks small but is surprisingly filling. Their fries were hot and crispy and did not need any additional seasonings. The price is higher than a sandwich from others, but this is more of a splurge. Definitely not an everyday for me or my wallet. The atmosphere of Red Apron Butcher is relaxed. You come in, place your order, and seat yourself. Everyone is friendly. If the proverbial "hipster" wanted to go to a butcher shop, this is the place! I mean this in the nicest way possible. In case you were wondering (or couldn't tell from their name but I don't judge), they are a full service butcher shop where they sell meats and other food related items.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2014,11/14/2014,814,187,3,9,6>Ummm homemade ice-cream at a cute mom and pop shop for 2 bucks and some pocket change? Hello Toby, you just became this girl's best friend. The ice-cream here is the perfect consistency, creamy, and with the right amount of sweetness.The staff was very helpful and friendly. Usually, I try not to sample more than 2 flavors from an ice-cream shop because I always get the judgmental stink eye or annoyed staff member, but the guy that helped me here was very inviting and encouraging of my sampling binge. I sampled the pistachio, mint chocolate chip, white chocolate blueberry and fresh banana. All of the flavors were great, but I settled on the one that was recommended by the guy that was helping me out. "Espresso chip is one of our top sellers." he said. "I'll take 3 scoops in a cake cone." I said. (Okay, I'm kidding... Although this is what I should have said because this flavor ended up being amazingly good. I realistically opted for one scoop in a cake cone).My one scoop in a cake cone only came out to be a mere $2.26 after tax and the check-in deal I used from yelp that knocked off an extra 15% off! I was in awe because I was used to paying $5 bucks (aka an arm and a leg because you can get a half gallon at the store for this price) for a simple ice-cream cone. The price made the ice-cream taste even better knowing I didn't have to burn a hole in my wallet for a tasty summer indulgence.i was a bit disappointed they did not have their more exotic flavors (avocado or taro) that were advertised on the website, but the gentleman that helped me told me it was because one of their special ice-cream machines was temporarily out of commission.All in all, I will definitely be returning sometime in the near future, especially when that ice-cream machine is back in business!
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,11/13/2014,246,200,2,11,10>This place feels like home--with a broader menu, a great wine list, and no dishes to wash!         If more people knew about how great this little neighborhood bistro was, I wouldn't be able to get a reservation!     Step through the unassuming glass door of an ordinary-looking shopping center and you'll find a lovely, welcoming ambience created from exposed stone, stainless, rich wood and a genuine warmth from the staff.      Once inside, expect attentive and friendly staff who anticipate almost every need without cloying or hovering. The wine list from small, boutique wineries is extensive--especially for wine locker holders-- and the sommelier is ever present to chat about her newest discoveries or make a recommendation best suited to your meal and personal preferences.  The kitchen staff is happy to accommodate your special requests and alterations to the menu offerings are welcome. (I always get the mushroom risotto if it is available no matter what protein I choose and they are always pleasant and flexible!) Ash, the executive chef and owner, will likely greet you before your meal's end to inquire about your experience and make you feel most welcome. The menu is provocative and encompasses a broad variety of cuisines made from fresh ingredients. His daily specials are fun and creative, and have included inspiring Cajun-Creole (Mardi Gras) fare, lovely seasonal ingredients (the best mushroom soup I've had in ages), and a flair of adventure (a melding of flavors from any of his extensive experiences throughout the Middle East, Caribbean, Indian, and US).  Although BRX is a self-titled "American Bistro", it feels like a more international palate, bring together the disparate elements that make our "American" patchwork cuisine so rich and varied.       Individual dishes are beautifully and artistically presented while portions are in generous proportion. If I do not share with my dining companion I end up taking home enough leftovers for lunch the next day. Some of my favorite offerings are the delicious ribs, filet mignon, jerk chicken, Louisianna Penne pasta, and the Thai shrimp appetizer.    I recommend visiting on Tuesday night, as it is 1/2 price bottle night!
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2014,11/12/2014,27,180,2,10,4>Growing up on the Long Island waterfront, both hubby & I are diehard seafood fans.  And we definitely KNOW good seafood when we come across it.  As in both fresh & fairly priced.  This place has it as far as Maine lobsters are concerned.We discovered this vendor thanks to an e-mail offer from the "Specialicious" coupon/voucher site, & purchased a couple of them a few months ago - $10 for $20 off your order.First visit I bought two 1-1/2-pound lobsters ($17.95/lb.) - bright & frisky.  Boiled them up & served them with warm lemon-butter.  Full, sweet, & tender.Second visit - since the first "bugs" were so luscious - I picked up three 2-pounders ($12.95/lb.).  Again - chock full of sweet, tender meat.  Cooked them up & chilled them this time, & we enjoyed two cold with homemade Garlic-Tarragon mayo for dipping, & I then picked the meat out of the 3rd & used it (along with some of the leftover meat from the other two) in additional meals - Lobster Rolls, Lobster Scrambled Eggs with Crème Fraiche & Caviar, & as a garnish for Lobster Ravioli.  In addition, all of the shells went into a lovely lobster stock that's now residing in my freezer for some future bisque or chowder or stew.  The sky is the limit when one has good homemade stock on hand.The folks who own/run this place are friendly & accommodating, & prices are fair.  Other items available are a small variety of seafood soups, soft-shell (aka "steamer") clams, picked lobster meat, etc.Three caveats - 1) the storefront is located in an industrial park with rather tight parking; 2) if you're coming from a distance (as I was), it's best to call ahead & double-check their hours, as these can change depending on their delivery schedule; & 3) if you're using any sort of "coupon", make SURE you have a hard-copy of it, as they are not set up to honor it via mechanical means (iPad, Blackberry, whatever).  (Found this out the hard way when we arrived & discovered we'd left our voucher home - lol!)Bottom Line:  Wonderful fresher-than-fresh live lobsters shipped in weekly from Maine, more-than-reasonable prices, friendly owners/staff.  We'll be back whenever the lobster urge hits us.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2014,11/11/2014,232,435,5,8,5>So I guess that I have been coming to the Trademark when it was just the Westin, and I have to say, that some improvements to the menu are certainly delicious. However, I'm here to talk about the yummy Lobster Mac-n-Cheese. My credentials for rating mac-n-cheese stretch all the way back to college where I often fought off my roommates' attempts to pirate my Kraft cheesy special at every turn. Arguably, this is one of the best mac-n-cheese options in Alexandria, with a creamy sauce that embraces decadence and chunks of lobster that would bring a nod of approval from even the most stalwart Maine fisherman. It was so filling that I had to take a break halfway through my cheesy wonder, envisioning Grandma's version which just doesn't stand up to this lobster-filled delight (Sorry, Grandma), They serve their mac-n-cheese in a skillet, which is a nice touch, and I can see myself ordering another round the next time I'm hanging out at the Trademark.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,11/10/2014,120,192,12,9,7>I don't know why this is so important to mention as the first thing in this review, but they accept credit cards.  I just thought I'd mention that.The thing I like about this place is just how low-key it is, and I hope it stays in the area.  Arlington is becoming very upscale and I'm concerned that places like this would be replaced with a Chipotle, taking money away from local businesses.I mean don't get me wrong, I like Chipotle, but if I wanted to get a Chipotle burrito, I could go to Arlington, NE DC, NW DC, McLean, Tysons Corner, Alexandria, Sterling, FairFax...basically anywhere in the free world that has first-world problems.The food is fresh, and the kinds of things you can put on your meal is neverending, unlike The Neverending Story, which ended in 1994.Be warned, the food can get spicy.  the 7/10 spice level was insane, it was like liquid razor blades.  Paralyzing.  Like running from a bear with no legs -- you cannot.  But that's just me.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2014,11/9/2014,498,437,8,7,7>4.5..Amazing that of all the pizza places I've been to thus far in NoVA, this small chain establishment is what tickles my giggles. I've only ever tried their Superbiotic and would probably not get any other. I LOVE this pizza. It's got everything my heart desires... Oodles of garlic and onions (yea.. wouldn't you want to take me on a date!).. artichokes, mushrooms, tomato, whole wheat crust, and whatever that spicy tomato sauce that they put on there.. all molded into one is AMAZING.Have not had the chance to really try anything else as the Superbiotic was a winner straight from the start. Fellow yelper Darren N. is right that the pizza makes you feel less guilty than others while satisfying that doughy craving. Other places make me feel heavy and overly bloated (SO... SEXY).. from the oil and carbs but whatever it is that Naked pizza does the opposite and leaves me quite content. Keep it up Naked! ;)
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,11/8/2014,567,346,6,9,8>Incroyable!  This is only the second time I have started a review with this word (the first was in English and for the Fleurie Restaurant!  La Bergerie simply put is absurdly good.  This French restaurant is on my top ten best bistros ever experienced! The ambience and décor are superb to the experience, the service above reproach, the wait and service staff's understanding of what is on the menu, interpretation of your culinary desires and professionalism intriguing.  Having decided on French cuisine while in Old Town Alexandria and selecting a first time visit to La Bergerie, for a start and through dinner we enjoyed Haut Piquat Wine.  Then we went on to dinner with our selection of Fricasse de Champignons Sauvage et sa Sauce au Porto (Cassoulet of Wild Mushrooms with Port Wine Sauce) which was incredible to say the least; also Les Escargot aux Persil, Ail et Beurre (Snails with parsley in garlic butter sauce) - this rendition made me a new lover of a well prepared and presented Escargot; Les Cotes de Boeuf au Vin Rouge sur unlit de Polenta and a Burgundy Wine Sauce; Le Steak de Foie de Veau aux Lardons et Echalottes (Calf's Liver Steak served with Shallots and Smoked Applewood Bacon) - which for a calf liver lover, was to die for; and ended with desserts of Le Choix de Souffle ~ 1 Raspberry and sipping Grand Marnier and 2 extremely well prepared Cappucinos.  Their production and presentation alone was artistic and a culinary extravaganza experience in its presentation was wonderful.  The little things they do are what count so much.  Making things look easy, but knowing the knowledge needed in their performance enhanced our spectatorship while being served.  This is what a fine old style French restaurant is all about.  You have to go to La Bergerie and enjoy the fabulous experience as much as we did, in ambiance, presentation and taste to the palate... we will be back soon!
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2014,10/8/2014,418,262,3,11,8>I'm not a BBQ connoisseur by any means, but I have had quite a bit and believe Dixie Bones is one of the best establishments in the DMV. Even better than Rockland's. I have not had a chance to dine at Dixie Bones, but have had their catered food. One word: ribs. Three words: oh, my damn! If you eat pork, go for these. Also, the potato salad is on point. I will need to drive down soon for my BBQ fix. I hear the coconut cream pie is pretty good. My co-worker's sister in San Francisco wishes they would deliver cross-country if that's an indicator.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,10/7/2014,404,719,8,8,6>I am still in love with Cava, but I feel like I've been here enough times that I kinda get their mode of operations.So many people have commented on the serving size.  Maybe we've all been spoiled with Chipotle's generous serving sizes...but it just feels like Cava will give you the least amount possible that they can get away with.  The "do half an half proteins" trick does not work here.  I think you actually get less protein if you order half an half.  It's more like 1/3 and 1/3.I find the servings inconsistent too.  I did half falafel one time and got 3 falafels.  I did it another time and they insisted you only get two.  And if you get it in a to-go bowl it's a lot less than if you eat there.  It just is!!  I must sound like a fatty discussing the serving sizes here, but I'm just saying.  They aren't very generous.Oh, and one time when I was walking inside, someone was walking out and said "They get so mad when you ask for extra toppings"  The toppings are free.  I find that sometimes they do get a little eye rolly when you ask for extra quinoa.  It's quinoa.  It's not like I was asking for extra french fries and an XL coke.  It's whatever.  I'll still go there because I love it but yeah.  There ya have it.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2014,10/6/2014,453,107,7,9,11>I have to say that ever since Zahra took ownership of the studio, I have enjoyed her transformation of the decor (color, paintings, mirrors), the hanging hooks in the women's bathroom and extra toiletries that women need.  It is a much more inviting environment to come in and very welcoming. I've been coming to this place for over 2 years now and it is one of the top ones in the area. For those of you that have never taken Bikram Yoga, please read about it online before you enter the room.  When I invite my friends, I tell them the following:1) No talking inside the room. Please respect those around you that dedicate 1.5hrs of their time and appreciate the tranquility. 2) Hydrate 2 hours before the class and you can eat something light like a piece of fruit, some yogurt or a small protein shake an hour beforehand. Do not eat a heavy meal before coming, you will not feel well doing your poses.   3) Bring extra clothes and a towel to take a shower or just change.4) Inside the room, you will need a mat, towel (regular size) and at least 16oz of water or more.  5) This is very structured yoga and everyone should move at the same time. Do not jump ahead of poses, listen to the cues of the instructor.6) After the 1st pose, you must breathe in and outside your nose. 7) You must find a place where you can see yourself in the mirror so please be conscious of people in front and behind you when you choose a spot so as not to block them.8) If you need to sit down, you must face the mirror.  If you need to lie down, your feet should be facing the back wall.9) Do not compare yourself to others in the room. You must concentrate on your own poses.  10) Mind over matter is what I say to myself when it gets tough.  I guarantee that you will feel amazing afterwards.Again kudos to Zahra for taking ownership.  I enjoy her classes as well as the other instructors.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2014,10/5/2014,980,560,7,10,12>After frequenting Cava Mezze a few more times since my last review in 2011, they definitely earned a shiny 5 star rating in my book!This is one of my top choices for a dinner date with the boyfriend or brunch with my girlfriends.  They have an extensive wine selection of Greek wines (their reds are much bolder than regular reds) and cocktails to sip on, a wide variety of tapas to share (favorites: spicy lamb sliders, lollipop chicken, zucchini fritters, scallops with saffron risotto), and a nice ambiance.On weekends, they offer an unlimited brunch for $30/pp with 1 cent mimosas in several flavors (peach, grapefruit, apple cider, etc.) -- which basically means you can have 100 mimosas for a whole dollar!  They also have other brunch cocktails to try out if you don't feel like drinking mimosas.  My favorite tapas from their brunch menu are: nutella waffles, french toast, spicy lamb benedict, pork belly and eggs, and the mini Cava breakfast. I look forward to coming back for brunch and/or dinner!
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2014,10/4/2014,161,27,11,15,14>Review # 18What can I say about my new favorite place, Sweet Frog is the sweetest froyo place I've found so far.  I better watch out because if I keep allowing myself to go here, I'm going to gain weight, because I have a difficult time controlling myself in my portions and toppings I get.  Then I eat the whole thing, even the largest portion cup, but that one usually it takes me an hour or so to finish, as I slowly enjoy each and every flavor and topping, because I want the enjoyment to last as long as possible.My favorite flavors are Tiramisu and Chocolate Hazelnut Gelato.  I've also tried the coconut, watermelon, and pineapple froyo, but they aren't as great as my Tiramisu and Chocolate Hazelnut gelato, which are so yummy and creamy.  The froyo is good, don't get me wrong, but since it is frozen yogurt and not gelato, its just not as creamy and delicious.My favorite toppings are, the mochi, fruit boba bites/poppers, coconut shavings, mango, kiwi, and strawberry fruit, almond slivers; and out of the four times I've eaten here, twice I had to get the mini Reese's pieces for that chocolate/peanut butter taste.  Then I add caramel topping which completely increases my chances of totally wreaking my blood sugar level.During the summer this location is open until 11pm Mon-Sat.  The staff at this location was very nice and let people walk in right behind us at 11pm, and didn't start closing down beforehand.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2014,10/3/2014,421,454,10,19,15>Wow!  I can't believe that I just did this!  I bought an Henri Bendel bag---and it was my husband who insisted that I do so.  This past week, for some reason, I got a card in the mail from Henri Bendel saying that they just opened a store in the Tysons Galleria and that they were having a store-wide sale  with purchases over a certain amount being 20% off.We went to the Galleria to have dinner and I told my husband that I wanted to take a look in there---not for a bag.  At one time, years ago, Bath and Body Works used to sell Henri Bendel shower gel and lotion which I liked plus it didn't cost any more than  BBW's house brand.  Well...they didn't have it here.  The store is small.  A good number of their items are bags along with wallets, a few clothing items, candles, incense, some jewelry and ...candy bars.My husband saw the bag I ended up getting and told me to go for it.  It's like other expensive bags, if you want to know what they cost, you have to open the bag and dig around for a price tag.  Of course, a sales clerk showed up to do her best to talk me into buying LOL!  Speaking of the sales clerks---I was impressed.  In some upscale stores, it you aren't dressed up, you either get ignored or get some attitude.  We were in our jeans but everybody here greeted us with a smile.  Good for them, I say!I mentioned the shower gel and lotion to the sales clerk and she told me that their NYC store has it.  We've never set foot in the NYC store.  Apparently it's 3 stories tall.  She also told us that Bath and Body Works and Henri Bendel are now owned by the same conglomerate.When I was ready to buy the bag, the sales clerk took one out of a drawer  that was still in its wrapping.  I would have been happy with the one that was on display but it was still nice to get one that was untouched by other customers.  After we paid for the bag, she put it in a cloth drawstring bag that had the company logo on it.  Then it was put in a shopping bag and tissue paper was added to the bag.  All in all, a pleasant shopping experience.  There was no attempt made to steer us into buying something even more expensive,which I appreciated.  Instead, she showed me similar styled bags and some were actually cheaper.  With the 20% off, we saved quite a bit!All that said, I'm not about to make it a habit to shop here for two reasons 1) It's isn't cheap (to say the least!) and 2) I very rarely spend that kind of money.  However, if you are into Henri Bendel products or if you want to browse, I think that you will have a pleasant experience!
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2014,10/2/2014,180,1695,10,16,13>Sur La Table has been around since '72, first debuting in Seattle's Pike Place; they are known to have a nice selection of culinary tools and equipment (cookware, knives, grilling tools, baking tools, dinnerware, etc.), as well as in-store events and cooking classes you can sign up for.  I came in here with my husband to check out their Nespresso machines for a gift; Warren came on right over and assisted me right away - he was very informative and gave me all the details in comparing all of the models.  I definitely loved the fact that he was very knowledgeable and appreciated his recommendations!  Karen, who is another SA, was also awesome - she gave me even further details and answered all my questions.  Both were just so plain WONDERFUL, and I loved the fact that they were both so helpful and friendly.  I also loved the fact that Sur La Table's prices are pretty competitive compared to other kitchen stores (ex. W-S), as they have bundle deals and coupons!  Limited metered-parking can be found along Joyce, but there is a spot where you can park for free on Sundays in front of the store!  +ask for Warren or Karen :D
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,9/28/2014,520,1346,7,16,11>Gharer Khabar is a hidden gem, not to be missed.  Located in an international strip mall with limited parking, in a sort of (what I'd consider) no-man's-land near the intersection of Arlington, Mclean, and Falls Church, it's the perfect place to indulge in some cheap Bengali cuisine.  There's all of about five tables in this tiny restaurant, but incredible food and friendly staff more than compensate for the lack of ambience. We shared the roast chicken and fish curry with rice.  I had samosas as well, and Sahar had fuchka, which I did not try.  The samosas are good.  Big, but not oily, and with a flavorful vegetarian filling and crisp shell.  The roast chicken is fall-off-the-bone tender with a spicy, hearty gravy.  The style (not flavor) reminds me of Satay Sarinah's spicy grilled chicken (ayam bumbu rajak).  The fish curry was on another level.  I'm not a fish curry expert, but  "wow" is my descriptor for this dish.  A flaky, white fish (beware the bones) is simmered in a fantastic, mustard-oil based curry.  I've never had anything like it, but can't wait to return for it.  I highly, highly recommend visiting Gharer Khabar...the sooner, the better.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2014,9/27/2014,487,282,8,9,14>All the fun little tidbits and facts have already been brought up numerous times, so no reason for me to repeat. What this coffee shop has that Starbucks doesn't have is personalization, an ever changing menu of specialty brews based on coffee bean, a multitude of ways of preparation (pour overs, cold press, French press, etc.) a living room type atmosphere and well, soul. You walk-in and are instantly greeted by lovely aromas that caress your nostrils with caffeine and complicated flavors that comprise of the amazing coffee you are about to order. You NEED coffee now, your mouth salivates for that bitter with a hint of velvety sweetness that is provided without fail every time you order your favorite brew... Mine just happens to be mocha. :p the best mocha in the world thus far and the fact they do the latteart in my cup makes me grin like a five year old. This open floor plan of a shop invites you to sit at the bar and watch the magic unfold and then because you end up having some great form of conversation, you now end up hanging out pleasantly pleased when an hour has passed and you realized the time was worth it....Will I go back you ask? But of course, just never when I'm in a rush, this is a destination, not a fast food drive thru. :)
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2014,9/26/2014,188,182,14,15,13>I was in the area and thought, "What better time check out Gillbert's again?" The last time I was here, the food left me with nothing good to say, though the service was pretty stellar. I'd read that JG was good for lunch and I had yet to eat breakfast. I walked in, was not greeted by the hostess, and bee lined for the bar. I wanted to sit in an area where I could potentially make conversation with people. I also wanted to see was service was really like on a multi-customer/individualized/full service bar level. I walked in and immediately put my phone away. I didn't want to use the yelp coupon because I thought it might curve the authenticity of bartender, and that my winning personally would be enough to reel him in for conversation. Well, it took some warming up. I arrived as they were unlocking the doors (almost), so the bar was still being prepared for lunch. I ordered the maple salmon with smashed potatoes and string beans with a glass of Merlot (I can't remember the brand). The salmon was perfection; cooked medium with a light glaze on top. It was crispy on the outside with a juicy, flaky center. The smashed potatoes could have used a tad more salt (I almost never re-season my food). The string beans were amazing! They were tossed in, what tasted like, butter, sugar and walnuts. The merlot was just how I like it, full bodied and smooth. It paired well with the salmon dish. At some point, I made medium conversation with the bartender (my "I'm Adrienne fromCA" line gets them every time), whose name escapes me. He was friendly and attentive. He also managed his time well between me, other customers and stocking the bar. 3.9 stars: I like to be greeted at the door and although filling, if I were a full grown man, I would have had to order an appetizer (the portion sizes could have been larger; 1st world problem).
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2012,1/16/2013,100,447,,6,4>4.25 starsI'd heard of Pizzeria Orso soon after they first opened, and had heard great things.  VPN-certfied Neopolitan style pizza is my favorite style of all pizzas.  Finally I was about to make the trek out there until I discovered that the chef had left and it was experiencing a slump.  So I reined in those plans...until local chef Will Artley, formerly of my also-formerly beloved Evening Star and pop-up Project 2312, was named chef there.  Not too long ago, I finally made plans to go out there, and I wasn't disappointed.We ordered a few small plates, not choosing things I recognized from either Evening Star or Project 2312 (such as the seared scallop or the BLT gnocchi), in order to try newer things.The atmosphere is casual pizzeria, but some of these dishes are much more sophisticated.  They could charge so much more for them.  They use quality ingredients - some local, some organic, some straight-up authentic and super expensive, shipped straight from Italy.  While they might not be at the level of Project 2312 (which honestly kind of blew me away), they are at or close to the best that Evening Star has ever been - and better than the tasting menu I had at Graffiato.  And the pizza is on par with 2Amys (although admittedly not quite on the level of Puppatella...yet).  But with one difference - they use a Neopolitan *sourdough* crust.The sweet corn & cheese agnolotti over a crab & asparagus "succotash" was so fresh and felt like the epitome of flavors from the season.  The pork belly stroganoff consisted of two perfectly braised, caramelized slabs of belly goodness over slightly over-saucy noodles that were awesome when dragged through a demi-glace like sauce with peas and eaten all together.  The "Crudo" pizza (tomato, mozzarella, prosciutto, basil, arugula, & grana) was soft, succulent, slightly chewy, melting in our mouths. The oven-roasted Brussels sprout hearts slaw admittedly was mostly a huge pile of grated & shaved cheese and applewood-smoked bacon - the only miss - but the lemon donuts with chocolate whipped cream piped on top more than made up for it. OMG. I am not a dessert person but I devoured this all by myself...that whipped cream was so light and milk chocolate-y...with just the right amount of sweetness.  I still dream about the donuts.The service was wonderfully friendly and enthusiastic, especially the servers, bussers, and super especially the high school kid who greeted and seated us.We were the last ones out of the dining room; Chef Artley stopped us and asked us what we ordered.  We ended up talking for 45 minutes, met most of the staff (many from Evening Star), and even got a personal tour of the dough room!   *Squee*!.  Next time I'm definitely sitting down at the bar next to the pizza ovens - the "chef's table" - to get a selection of his favorites and specials of the night.   Chef Artley is seriously one of the most enthusiastic and nicest guys you'll ever meet.  It's so obvious he absolutely loves what he does.Go on a weekday when it's not so slammed.  Plus, Wednesday is half-price wine night.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2012,1/15/2013,141,195,2,6,5>I've checked out quite a few plays here.  As a fellow artist, I love supporting my local venues.  I recently took my little one here to enjoy a play and he loved it.  It was an interactive play and he was cracking up, talking to the characters and just amazed by how silly they were.  We will definitely be back.  The lineup of new shows looks fantastic and will make for great date nights!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,1/14/2013,1856,123,,8,3>I was one of the first customers at Pho Cong Ly, but somehow another Yelper beat me to the first review so I put it off to now.  They had some kinks to work out initially, but they seem to have found their groove now as they are always busy...but not TOO busy.Pho Cong Ly as you can see from the pics has more attractive decor & furnishings than a typical Pho spot.  The servers are genuinely friendly and they take credit cards which also sets them apart from many other more typical Pho restaurants.The Pho itself is not quite as good as other local favorites, but few reach that five star level.  Overall though, I do recommend Pho Cong Ly as it has a warm atmosphere and is more relaxed than most of the others.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,1/13/2013,213,273,2,5,2>I go to South Block a lot. I like their coffee - it's Intelligentsia. I like their smoothies. They give you free chia seeds to put on top of smoothies and they let you make whatever weird, crazy type of drink you can think up in your head. They are constantly changing the menu and have house-made cashew milk, as well as coconut milk, soy milk, and cow milk(s). They came out with candy-bar inspired lattes like nutella, milky way, snickers, and peppermint patty. They also carry local baked goods from Leo Nora. Everyone there is really friendly and I like that it's right by my apartment. I'd much rather pay a little extra and support this local business than get a drink at Starbucks. So why 4 stars instead of 5? Consistency. I've been here before and had some really great lattes and espressos. Right when I get in the groove, I'll get a drink that just doesn't taste right. The espresso will be too bitter, the latte too watery, or a flavor shot missing (mocha missing from a peppermint mocha makes it taste like toothpaste). But, they're probably just training new people, or someone made a mistake. The good outweighs the bad by far.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2012,1/12/2013,43,224,2,4,4>This place is better than El Pollo Rico. Here's why:1) More sides: Yes, they're called Super Pollo and El Pollo Rico but I want to try and be healthy every once in a while and not eat steak fries! Super Pollo is like El Pollo Rico but with the option of having lentils, spinach (my two favorites), chick peas, different rices, deep fried plantains, yucca, vegetables, salad, and so many other sides!2) Not only can you get pollo but you can also get fish and carne asada! I've only gotten the carne once b/c, lets be honest, the chicken is what's spelled on the sign but for those who may be tired of it or can't eat chicken, you've got options!3) Two locations and more parking! 4) Latin tv shows playing on tv.All in all, you can't go wrong with El Pollo Rico or Super Pollo. I've been going here since before this one one opened and I'll continue to frequent it as long as I'm not hungry and standing next to El Pollo Rico!
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2012,1/10/2013,53,110,,5,1>Come hungry. Eat meat. Pay $17. Leave full.That's my summary, so here's the rest:The wait was a little while at first, but it was a Saturday night. It seemed a little hectic and I felt like I was taken a little less seriously since I don't speak Korean. Anyways, make sure to write down your name.There is a minimum of two orders to do the all you can eat meat. But once the food starts coming, man it's awesome. The salad and the dressing it comes with is delicious. The soups were really good as were the meats. For three of us, we opted for all three meats for the first round, then just the two beefs for the second. We also got another order of the side dishes. After that, we were pretty full.Some bad points: service could be better, granted they were busy that night. No overhead hoods to draw out the smoke. The "booth" we sat in was really a bench with a faux-wall as a back rest, which moved if you leaned back on it.Pro tip: wear clothes that you don't mind smelling like grilled meat after leaving.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,1/9/2013,186,272,,12,4>I really have no idea why there are no reviews for Rhonda and her shop on the edge of Arlington. As far as I am concerned---this place is a hidden gem for anyone with a car in the area who is willing to make the trek out past Columbia Pike. Rhonda books up far in advance--meaning if you want to come here for laser or electrolysis treatment...you better plan to make your reservations at least 2 weeks in advance. Also, it is just her there operating the laser (which she apparently used to instruct aestheticians on) so this is really a one woman show. The place itself is tiny and a wee bit outdated as far as decor is concerned---but it is clean and well maintained. Rhonda also was very easy to talk to and good about keeping you distracted as you feel the little rubber band like laser snapping against your skin. She was also very knowledgeable about the hair removal process--and mentioned that she is also licensed to do electrolysis for someone with lighter hairs that are unresponsive to their lasers. However by far the best part is the price: she charges by the time spent and her rates are ridiculously reasonable. Well worth it in my opinion.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2012,1/8/2013,32,123,2,2,3>I was looking at a review of another Japanese restaurant near by and the reviewer mentioned Sushi Yoshi as his regular Japanese place. This got me curious so I started looking at the Sushi Yoshi on Yelp and then their official website. The photos of all their sushi look so good! And then this bit on the "About Us" page got me even more intrigued:Chef Yasu was trained in classic French cuisine and worked at Le Gavroche, a Michelin 3 star restaurant in London, for many years. He left Le Gavroche to accept the position of chef at the British Embassy in Washington, D.C., where he worked for more than 10 years. Chef Yasu now works with Chef Yoshi at the sushi bar, but sometimes he can't resist the urge to get in the kitchen and create some of his favorite French and European dishes.I decided I must try this place .... even if it meant cheating on our regular Japanese place, Tachibana. Sorry T! A girl's gotta have a little variety -- it's the spice of life!  The space is rather small but we managed to get a couple of tables for a late Saturday lunch. Our party was 7 so we had to be split up. It was fine. All the main dishes come with a miso soup and salad. Loved the dressing! I shared a Sushi platter for 2 with my cousin and ordered the eel on rice for my daughter. Everything was great! The sushi was so yummy! There were 30 pieces of sushi and we could not finish it.  Really wanted to try the dessert but just couldn't eat another bite. Will have to come back for the dessert next time. So glad to find another Japanese place that's decent around here.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/14/2012,1/7/2013,82,173,3,4,3>After all those times driving by this place, I never knew why a Korean restaurant would name itself "Palace". It's such an odd name for a Korean restaurant, but after paying a visit (thanks to LivingSocial), I now get why it's called Palace. The place is gigantic. Good lord, I wonder how many servers/staff you would require to fulfill a packed house. They can literally fit 300+ patrons, I think. Too bad, I don't think it really gets all that packed anyways.I dragged a friend to come with me since I didn't want to look like a loser eating by myself with a coupon. That's a double no-no, a loser + cheapass. After entering the place, the immediate thought in my head was "the place is gorgeous! == must be darn expensive!" and I was right.In my honest humble opinion, this place rivals Woo Lae Oak by Tysons (yelp.com/biz/woo-lae-oak…). It's super fancy and modern inside but price reflects the fanciness, which I could careless about.Thankfully, the food is better than at Woo Lae Oaks. The night was pretty slow, since it was Monday night, so foods came relatively quickly and we got speedy service. The waitresses first spoke English to us as my friend and I was speaking English, but after I answered her question in Korean, she then had a sign of relief and spoke Korean thereafter. This is actually crucial to this review because I want the staff to be able to communicate well in English (unlike other Korean joints in Little River Turnpike). This makes bringing non-Korean friends much easier for me.I mentioned the price. And it's expensive. So I probably wouldn't make this my regular visits, but I can see myself coming back again with non-Korean friends to introduce Korean cuisines.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,1/6/2013,418,262,4,8,4>Heo quay, lechon, carnitas de puerco, siu yuk, bacon.  Whatever language you speak, you know you love the almighty pork belly.  I can say, with confidence, that the Cantonese preparation of this delicacy is the best you'll ever have.  The entire pig is roasted generating super crispy skin and juicy meat.  (Look at my posted picture for clarity.)  And X.O. Taste serves delicious roast pig.  That's right -- don't say "roast pork" when you're there because you'll receive BBQ pork.  You must say "roast pig" or "crispy roast pork" to receive the magical pork belly I speak of.  Why is it "roast" and not "roasted"?  I don't know, but no need to be a grammar Nazi at Asian establishments.  Other items ordered were roast duck and the ginger scallion lobster special (two for a set price).  I would recommend you do as I did and order half pig and half duck for variety.  The duck was juicy, but the skin could've been more crispy.  For dippage, bypass the provided hoisin and request extra empty sauce plates to concoct your own: one part soy sauce and one part sate/chili oil.  You're welcome.  Lobster was on point, but honestly, this dish tastes the same at most places with only differences in lobster size.  Tables nearby ordered salt and pepper* lobster, which looked equally delicious, so that will be the next dish I order from there.  The service here is good enough.  The decor is nicer than most bare-bones Asian establishments in that there is a lot of color.  This place is fairly new, so hopefully, they maintain it well.  After starting my meal, I noticed a sign reading, "SPECIAL: PEKING DUCK $26.95".  Holy mother, that's a great deal!  I must return for this.Mark's Duck House, I think you've been dethroned.  I've found a new favorite Cantonese restaurant.*Anything listed as "salt and pepper" on a Chinese menu means it was battered and fried, then seasoned with salt and pepper.  My favorite dish of this kind would be pork chops.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2012,9/22/2012,193,140,3,5,2>I tried this NEW sushi restaurant yesterday and i was really hoping for a good place, since i love sushi, as it is literally across the street, so it would be very convenient. i was very happy to eat their food as the sushi signature rolls are very different and not traditional which we liked, the sushi grade was of high caliber, very fresh fish, and excellent presentation. i was also happy to see that it had fairly constant traffic as i want it to stay around for a long time. i tried the amazing tuna roll, the va roll, and the american dream roll, all of which were good. i also had the fried oyster with spicy mango sauce as an appetizer and that was ok, not my favorite but the sushi made up for it. Lastly i tried the mochi which was new to us but very unique and good, and also their rendition of a fried banana! they actually presented it on a banana peel which I have never seen done before. i will definitely be back and probably show up once a week seeing that it is right there!
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2012,9/21/2012,187,308,2,10,4>The beauty of living at Fairfax Corner is being in such close proximity to the cutest boutiques ever! I walked by the boutique...the manniquins were dressed well so I stopped by Undeniable Boutique to have a look. As soon as I walked in, I was greeted with a warm "Hellloooo!" and a warm smile from the sales associate. Automatically, I assumed that the prices were out of my price range but, I checked a few tags and the prices are pretty affordable. Dresses $50+, Jewelry $15+ Tops $35+ Jeans $80+...not bad. So I continued browsing....and they even have a sales rack with some very nice pieces at reduced rates!The music is hip+ the clothes are affordable+and the Owner and Managers are so friendly...be sure to stop by when you're in the area!!!!
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2012,9/20/2012,65,105,4,5,3>In two words? Crumb scrapers. That's the level of service you get here and the type of experience you'll have. But, that's also the kind of money you'll spend. Go in with that expectation and you'll have a fantastic time.I've been here several times for special occasions because it serves the best food I have ever eaten. It's especially nice because they'll do vegetarian fare without making you feel like you're getting the short end of the meal stick. Done so well that I do my best to avoid palate guilt. You know, that bad feeling you have when there is anything but white space left on your plate once filled with amazing food. I'd be lying if I said I hadn't licked the my serving dish at least once.I'd go on naming all the savory miracle foods I've consumed here, but their menu changes fairly frequently so to name something now might mean I'm simply teasing your taste buds later. Oh, and for the boozy folks among those reading this, their wines, cocktails and beers are totally rad. I have only had the cheaper half bottles of wine, a few beers and some cocktails all of which were good.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2012,9/19/2012,6,171,3,3,3>Very Unassuming Little PlaceCenans Bakery used to send a guy to the Manassas Farmers' Market on Saturdays.  Precious enjoyed a lot of what they had.  Precious was looking forward to Spring so we could go and get some blueberry croissants and fresh bread, but when the farmers' market opened, Cenans wasn't there.  She called and talked to the owner who said they wouldn't be participating.So one morning we saddled up and made a road trip to traffic hell Vienna.  We were surprised it was a very small place in a shopping center not even on a main road.  It's not palatial.  It's just a small little bakery.  There are only a few seats next to the window if you want to stay there and eat.  Other than that it's all carry-out.But the food is to die for.  The aforementioned croissants come filled with chocolate or cream cheese or cherry or ham n' cheese or with no filing.  They have fresh baked breads.  They also make panini sandwiches to order.  Precious got a breakfast sandwich, and it was better than anything you could get anywhere else.  Precious loves Paneras breakfast sandwiches, but this was better.It's a long way to go from Manassas just to get some croissants so we won't be going there too often, but probably some time next month I'll get up early on a weekend and make the trek to surprise Precious.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2012,9/18/2012,85,234,,3,4>Pure Pasty is a place for absolutely magnificent British pastries (meat pies etc).I had never known about place before until my one friend mentioned it to me after we had Julia Empanadas. I enjoyed both the traditional and the aussie meat pie, and I have to say that the buttery flaky crust along with the meat inside the pastries made this memorable. It's cooked to perfection and they're only $6. I'm so glad I found this place and I cannot wait to go back! It's so affordable and great for lunch.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2012,9/17/2012,31,245,3,9,5>I've been lucky enough to travel around a fair amount.  My last trip included a few days in Rome, which made a meal at a few notable pizzerias a certainty.  The results were fair to very good.  But before booking a ticket and retracing my steps, know that you can find pizza just as good right here in the DMV.  I know that pizza can be a personal thing to some people, and they might curse me for saying so, but it's true. Get yourself down to Pupatella for some of the best pizza (of this style) that you will find anywhere.  After you satisfy your appetite, stick around for a small treat with some gelato. Minus one star for seating.  Sure, it might not be the business' fault that they have outgrown their space.  But if you hit this place at anywhere near its peak times, you will be getting your pie to go.  And know that these pies doesn't necessarily travel well. Highly recommend!
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,9/16/2012,152,261,6,8,7>Rosslyn is a boring, commuter area with not much going on before, during, or after hours. Nonetheless, no matter how much people hate on my hood, it redeems itself by playing host to El Chilango, the greatest food truck there ever was. What makes this food truck stand out among all other food trucks? In the dead heat of the summer, as you cross the bridge across Rt 50, the white truck appears in the near distance almost like a desert savior. It's hard to put the feeling into words -- the anticipation of eating the best Mexican food in this area coupled with the feeling that you've stumbled across a hidden gem. Tacos are $2 a pop. They'd probably cater your event if you called ahead. The guy who runs the truck is super friendly and committed to quality customer service.In any case, this truck sells tacos and drinks and that's it. No burritos, no quesadillas, just fantastic tacos at a reasonable price. Be sure to take extra sauces with you (the green sauce is spicier than the red btw!)
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,9/15/2012,103,279,2,3,4>5 Stars for the area. Get a lb of crawfish per person (come on, you can do it). They more recently have changed their crawfish recipe a bit. Ask for less garlic if it's too much. I like to dip my crawfish in a bit of mayo and the cajun spices. Also, make sure you rip off the head and suck out all the goodness. Don't be afraid - that's the good stuff. Order Conch salad or Thai style salad (add conch if you like). Thai style comes with squid and shrimp. Lots of delicious green peppers and celery to balance the crawfish spices. Crab fried rice perfect side dish to fill in your tummy crevices. Don't forget to dash a bit of the soy sauce. Yes, it will probably be too much food, but it's always food for lunch tomorrow. If you're making an evening or afternoon out of it, or if you're just really hungry, get the grilled clams on the half shell. Scallions and peanuts and other goodness keep the clams company in their juices. If you're not in the mood for crustaceans, the Lau Thai (hot pot) is pretty good. Piles of greens, shrimp, calamari, fish, mussels and....likely more. I just can't remember. The usual. Snails are awesome, but best for a long afternoon out as they take a bit of work. Keep the heinekens coming. We come to Seaside at least once every couple- few weeks weather permitting as we prefer to sit outside (covered with TVs and fans). They did recently expand to the space next door so there is plenty of indoor seating if al fresco isn't your thing.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,9/14/2012,61,115,2,7,3>My boyfriend and I recently celebrated our 4 year anniversary (or what he affectionately calls our "48th Monthiversary") and decided to treat ourselves to a Couples Massage.  This spa was definitely the priciest in the area for that service, but also had the best reviews, so we booked one for a Saturday afternoon.  I love it and I'm only okay with it.  Here's why...I Love It:1) Very quiet rooms.  Even though we were on a main drag in Old Town, you couldn't hear anything.2) Clean facility.  Because let's be honest, you have to be naked.3) Courteous and friendly staff.  Our massage therapists were fabulous! I felt very comfortable with them.4) Our massages were timed perfectly - turned over at the same time, ended at the same time, etc.  Made for very few distractions while getting massaged next to another human.5) After our massage, we were lead to a small room that had fruit, juice in champagne glasses, and chocolate for us to enjoy.  I thought about taking a picture, but I was too tired from all that massage-y goodness. But it was very cute.I was Only Okay with It:1) Crowded when we first got there - there are maybe only 4 seats in the waiting area, 3 of of which were occupied.  We only had to stand around for a minute or two, but it was kind of awkward.  Also, we had to wait for people to come down the stairs before we could go up to our massage room - it's a very narrow staircase.2) My massage therapist didn't use quite as much pressure as I would have liked.  Probably my own fault for not telling her otherwise, but it just felt a bit too light to me, though it was still relaxing.3) In the small room referenced in #5 above, while it was sweet, it was not private.  That room leads to another massage room, and an employee came in twice to get to that room to set it up for another massage.  We would have appreciated some privacy/quiet, but I understand they have business to do...You have to understand that I come from the land of suburban spas where you're given a robe and taken to a private room with plushy chairs and foot scrubs before your treatment, regardless of what it is.  To just go into a room, change, get massaged, change back, and leave is still a bit rushed to me, but I suppose it comes with living here.  I won't give up my search though, and in the meantime, I find Fountains Day Spa perfectly adequate.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2012,9/13/2012,740,1110,3,7,6>This place is awesome. Our server didn't know a lick of English which turned out to be pretty funny and perfect at the same time. Let me give you the run down...My boyfriend and I just moved here from the Midwest. We did not know the area, so we let the GPS do its thing. We had some time to kill before I went on an interview. We were looking around trying to see if there was a place to eat, and turns out we saw this sign that said Eden Center. Excellent! We can go eat somewhere in there.Whoa. This place was a complete culture shock to us! Everything was Vietnamese. Every shop, every restaurant, everything.... AWWWWWWWWESOME. I really was having an 'OMG' moment. I thrive on these little kind of places, and to stumble upon it so randomly only added to the wow factor even more.When ordering from the gentleman that was serving us, we did establish a quick communication rapport. If you point to what you want, that's what you will get to eat! That's exactly what we did. He understood that we only wanted water, so after pointing to the menu indicating what we desired, he went on to put them in. Jason attempted to ask him some questions about his dish, but unfortunately the communication barrier prevented him from getting a straight response. I ordered the pork vermicelli which is usually my go-to dish, and Jason ordered a type of pho dish. Jason was really reluctant about his order up until it was placed in front of him. He was complaining he shouldn't have picked what he picked. Turns out he was completely wrong and thoroughly enjoyed what he ordered. Score! The man adds hot sauce to everything, this dish was no exception.Even though our server didn't know a lick of English (if you haven't already gathered that through me mentioning it 40 others times up until this point in my review), he did pretty excellent in serving us. He was prompt with refills, and did the best he could to communicate our needs. It worked out.Pricing here is standard. Both dishes we got were under $10 a piece and are large portions enough where you could turn one meal into two. I guess it really depends on how hungry you are. Just happened on this day we were famished and probably over consumed what we should have. Oh well. Apartment hunting all day can really make someone hungry. I'd recommend this place for sure. Get some grub here and then go across the street to get your 'happy ending' massage. There are lots of massage places in Eden Center as well. Happy eating, folks!
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,10/20/2013,96,138,2,3,4>This taco establishment is a solid 4 stars. Despite having lived in Tysons Corner for quite some time (ok, 2 years only), I was in the area and out of food options. My girlfriend recalled that Albert L. wrote some nice things about Taco Bamba, and since we were at the mall, off we went.Taca Bamba is not located in the same shopping center as the Whole Foods, which I had mistakenly thought it was. In fact, it is located in the little plaza behind it, so parking could be tough(er). The place itself is pretty small, with only a few wall seats to sit at. However, they do have great tacos, and I give everything an easy 4 stars. We tried the lengua, al pastor, carne asada, and one more I forget which one. But anyway, there were delicious, came with double tortillas, and had just the right amount of onions and cilantro. They have a bunch of complimentary sauces which adds more flavor, if you so choose to do so. I did.In the end, I enjoyed my meal. I believe it was 3 dollars a taco, which isn't too bad in my book. Of course, each time I eat something like this, I remember the dollar tacos in LA... but I digress. Regardless, we are in NOVA, and this place works out just fine for me. Might replace District Taco for me... :gasp:
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,10/19/2013,222,447,3,5,2>I attended two pole parties at this studio, and it keeps getting better every time.  It seems like the instructors pay attention to the ability of the the group and adjust the sessions accordingly.  I say this because the first party that I hosted here for my best friends bachelorette party kicked my butt.  I was sore for a week.  It was a lot of fun, but the instructor was like a drill sergent.  Probably because she felt that the majority of us were in better physical shape.  I went to another party hosted by another friend, and it was tough, but I noticed the instructor toned it down a little bit to accommodate those who were struggling...which was the majority.  We were able to take pictures, learn some new moves, and laugh at ourselves doing it.  This is the place for a really good time.  I like it so much that I'm thinking about taking the abs class on Tuesdays if I can figure out how to avoid the rush hour traffic.5 Stars!
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2013,10/18/2013,69,117,2,4,3>The allure of Clarendon. The health conscious people walking on the sidewalks. The short walk from the Orange Line Metro. The in-house smoked meats. The fresh condiments and freshly brewed ice tea. That story one week ago on DC Foodie and of course the Yelp reviews. It all seems so quaint... and it was.I arrived at the Saturday morning opening of 10:30 A.M. There was a truck out front delivering fresh bread. I walked into a small, but very functional, and inviting dining experience. I was pleasantly greeted. I said that I was here for the "famous sandwich", the young man's eyes and facial expression seemed to say "which one?" He would have been right. I was there for the pork and fries sandwich. It has in-house, freshly sliced center cut pork tender loin with real French fries inside the bun. It has a buttered and grilled ciabatta roll with homemade condiment and sweet pickles. There were other condiments, but these were prevalent throughout. I asked about the Tomato Crag Bisque. I was offered a fresh sample. It was good, but I had second thoughts about crab on this day. I opted for the gumbo which had turkey, sausage and other goodies. It was not "fishy", that was good. It was not especially tasteful either. It was served with small pieces of bread. I really prefer rice, but for a sandwich shop, this was far more than anyone could expect. I was served at the table with my freshly baked chocolate chip cookie. If you like your cookies thick and lightly brown, then this is not the one. But if you like a good, solid chocolate taste with a thin almost crispy exterior, then this is your cookie. The ambiance is nice and hip. The choice of music is on the more raw side, but this is a great place to pick up at or sit down. Be forewarned, the seating is limited and has few choices. One person or two people will do fine, anymore than that... well, take out is available. Oh, and yes since I am an iced tea snob... the tea was fresh. It was not the tastiest or the best; but it was fresh and satisfactory. You really must visit this place. It is a good, affordable place to go at least once a week. Thumbs up. Excellent service and fresh food! Like Arnold, "I'll be back!"
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,10/17/2013,44,34,,12,7>All soft openings should be this good.My husband and I had the pleasure of dining at Osteria Marzano the day it opened. Given the lack of fine dining options in the Franconia/Kingstowne area we were eager to try this restaurant and gladly, Osteria Marzano did not disappoint. The interior is simply gorgeous. The menu is extensive: it will satisfy those looking for simple fare (hubby rated his spaghetti pomodoro "two forks up") while giving the gourmet palates a stunning array of choices. Friendly, attentive service by a staff with substantial knowledge of the foods they're presenting.Personal highlights of our meal:- arugula pesto that accompanied the bread basket- braised short ribs with mushrooms and polenta**- Tiramisù**I'd be willing to bet this dish becomes a star attraction of the OM menu. I will update my assessment once I've dined here a few more times :-)
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2013,10/16/2013,325,307,6,7,6>"Hitch-hiked her way across the U.S.A...Candy came from out on the Island...Said, Hey, babeTake a walk on the wild side"-Selected lyrics from Lou Reed's Walk on the Wild Side Hitchhike through Roosevelt's wild side. No, I'm not talking about some kind of presidential indiscretion that we've grown accustomed to in this town. Roosevelt Island is a place to hike the trails that lead nature enthusiasts along city views and into the swamplands that were once more prevalent in these parts. It's only fitting that the first presidential nature conservation advocate be awarded his own monument. It seems appropriate that his monument finds his likeness surrounded by what he loved most and alongside the city that made him famous. It's nearly impossible to enjoy an immersive nature experience with the cacophony of city sounds that emanate from the D.C. and Virginia sides of the Potomac River. I like to think of this spot as a Washington speedpass getaway from the concrete jungle. I've previously accessed the island by kayak, bike and by car. Driver's should be aware that parking is scarce on weekends with sunny days from early spring through the warmer months. If you're willing to freeze your acorns off, I'm sure parking won't be an issue. No matter the mode of transportation, it's a worthwhile venture for me in the spring, summer and fall. So, get one with nature, admire the Neo-Romanesq/Neo-Mideval Georgetown University architecture, watch kayakers paddle the Potomac, glimpse the Washington Monument from a swampy retreat or just come for a picnic next to towering Teddy Roosevelt on a pleasant day. This is a doable experience for those looking to kill 20 mins or for those looking to spend a couple of hours. **As others have indicated, creepy crawlies come free of charge and bug repellent is not included.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/13/2013,10/15/2013,195,115,3,4,4>The slice & & a drink for $3.95 is just TO GO!!! And, on that note, the pizza is good, the baklava is amazing and you can taste the honey, the filo is buttery and the nuts are super yummy! When we ate in, hubbs got a sandwich and it wasn't the greatest, but the staff was super nice and when we didn't realize the special for the slice and the drink was take out only, they still let us have the specials and just informed us for future notice. So for a quick dinner on the way home, for not a lot of money, and still tastes yummy... make the stop!
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2013,10/14/2013,333,669,,7,3>My husband and another couple we were with wanted Thai food that was near the metro after traveling back into VA from DC. I resorted to Yelp to find me a place and I ended up here. Our group started off with Fried Calamari. The batter was just okay and it was a little disappointed that it was just pieces of calamari unlike other places were you get the whole calamari (tentacles and all).Be sure to check out the cocktail menu because they have a variety of delicious drinks. I had 2 Zombie drinks but it was very similar to another drink (sorry forget the name) that my husband had ordered. I ordered the Sawatdee seafood meal. This meal was good because the variety of seafood but it lacked any flavor which was disappointing. My husband ordered the crispy duck and said the meat was a little dry. When I had a piece I didn't think that at all and what I loved about his meal, was it was a little bit on the spicy side since they used fresh jalapenos and spices. The service is on top of things. The waitress made sure to keep the waters refilled, asked if we wanted another drink, checked on our meals, etc. The location is nice because it is located near the metro, off of Wilson Blvd, near the AMC theater (make it a date night!) and near bars if you want to grab a few drinks afterwards.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/27/2013,10/13/2013,232,435,5,7,4>Oh, Austin Grill, Austin Grill, how you vex me, Fist off, let me just say that I like the food here: the cheese enchiladas have always been filled with gooey goodness while my barbacoa beef burritos have consistently been been packed with tangy flavor. The portions are really quite large and a never ending stream of chips and salsa flows your way for just the asking. The service has also been quite good, with bartenders and waitstaff always sporting a cheery disposition. I also like the fact that Austin Grill doesn't misrepresent itself, for it offers passable Tex Mex style fare and not Salvadorian cuisine masquerading as Tex Mex..(this, unfortunately,can happen quite a bit in the NOVA area). Finally, the bar runs a decent happy hour and sells some pretty cool T-Shirts; my favorite is the one with Elvis playing his guitar.So with all of this why am I not giving Austin Grill a higher rating? One word, children. I know, I know, parents, I'm an evil SOB that has a heart smaller than the Grinch, but I promise that I'm not. Part of the problem is really Austin Grill's, for it presents itself as a hip bar at the same time it courts the stroller set. The bar takes up most of the downstairs while the kid friendly booths are right there next to the bar. Thus, we have a situation which brings two groups together that should never be on the same dance card, the Dora the Explore crew and the happy hour crowd. On more than one occasion, I've had to side step some free range toddler that a parent has let off his leash (no your child is not cute when I trip over him), or worse yet, have some parent who plops their kid next to me on a bar stool while they place an order. "No, junior, you need to take your hands off my margarita. There are laws against that sort of thing...and besides it is mine."Now, as I have said, Austin Grill exacerbates this problem by not only courting the stroller trade but by not keeping clueless parents in check. I have friends that won't even step foot in here because they view it as kid central. And at no time is this more true than Tuesdays which is Kids Day..ugh. Single people, happy hour people, or lovers of Mad Men avoid, avoid, avoid.  Now, this review doesn't  apply to all parents. For many take their children to kid appropriate locations, and if they do need a break, they hire a sitter. Yes, Austin Grill might look like it is the perfect spot, with its colorful tiles and cool decor, for a child's play date but it is not. No, mom and dad, there is such a kid-friendly spot and it is called Chuckee Cheese. And this brings up my next issue of fairness, I am not allowed to go to Chuckee Cheese and ruin your child's game of whac-a-mole (I really love whac-a-mole) so isn't it only fair that your child not find his way into Austin Grill's bar area? I only wish they would realize this at Austin Grill and work on suggesting the upstairs dinning room for kid functions.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,10/12/2013,72,639,,20,7>I was sent a message by a local Yelper saying that because I love Thai food, I should check out Thai Cuisine by PK. So after seeing this I scratched my dinner plans at another restaurant and went to their restaurant for dinner. They've got great decor by the way and I struck up a conversation with one of the brothers who runs the place. Nice guys, from Thailand and mentioned that their mother was the chef. My first thought - "there's nothing like good home cooking". I think that applies no matter type of cuisine you are eating. I told him about my love for Thai food and how frequently I eat Thai food. It's a way for me to keep my mind right. I just have to have it once per week, every week...at least 4 times per month. He probably thought I was joking but I told him you'd be surprised...I'm a really good repeat customer when the food was right. We were seated in the booths and were served appetizers which were really good. I was hoping not to get too stuffed because I wanted to save a lot of room for the food because I looked at other Yelp reviews and they mentioned the portions were big. I ordered the Pad See Ew, which is my favorite go to dish and yeah I love noodles. My fiancé got something else - Coconut Shrimp I believe??  The food was presented to us shortly afterwards and yes, the portions were big - this issss GOOD! It looked delicious too. It was seasoned properly, it was great and flavorful. The big thing was that the noodles didn't stick together which was a huge plus. Many places can't seem to get that part right. Anyways my fiancé said his food was really good. They were very attentive and even gave us a side of rice.  Odd, different, and a welcome change. I've only had one experience where my Pad See Ew was a little burnt but I'm hoping that doesn't happen again and hoping it was just a kitchen rush. Maybe more attention on carry out orders but dine in has been superb. They even gave us complimentary dessert to solidify me making them my go to spot for Thai. Well done ...well done. This is a great addition to that area and seeing as its in the non congested area it makes it nice to not fight for parking, pull up and get to where you need to be.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,10/11/2013,54,104,3,6,3>Very inexpensive and feels homey.  It is very much a locals spot with many Korean folks huddled over jampong and cod stews.  They always greet me in Korean but I think they are getting used to seeing me and now know that I'm Japanese  :)  The ladies are very attentive and you get served right away.  Dishes come out very quickly and I appreciate this during our short lunch breaks.  A very good find in an otherwise desolate Springfield area.I have had to date:  Soondubu, Cod Stew, Jampong, and baked Croaker.  So I have cut out meats but I'm still partial to seafood so it's all good.Jampong is adequately spice, has plenty of noodles and on a cold day, it really warms up your core.  Plenty of seafood contained within, mussels, squid, shrimp in every bite.  The hardest part is to trying to keep my shirt and tie clean by not slurping and slopping the bright red broth all over the place!Soondubu is a little downgrade from say Lighthouse Vit Goel but adequate.  A bit watery compared to the tofu rich dishes at Lighthouse.Being Japanese, baked fish is a staple so they have Croaker, mackerel and saury pike.  The "hikari" fishes are high in Omega factors so I appreciate what they serve here.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2012,11/15/2012,34,450,5,7,3>It's no Ray's Hellburger, but Smashburger is a really good addition to the area's other burger options (Five Guy's, Elevation, and BGR), and definitely bumps BGR off the list for me in pretty much every area.  The Burger: Overall I would say the burger finds a nice niche between Five Guys and Elevation; it is a less greasy than Five Guys, but bigger than an Elevation patty (even a two-patty).  The burger-bun ratio is decent, and the bun held up well even under a bacon cheeseburger driven home before I ate it.  I was a little concerned that cooking the burger patty using butter in the griddle would be too much, but it wasn't really noticable, except that it had just that little extra deliciousness, but not so much that I felt like I was eating a buttered hamburger.  My only gripe was that one of the pieces of bacon was pretty undercooked, but the quality was there so I'm hoping that was a one-off mistake in the kitchen.The Fries: Go with the garlic fries, unless you're on a date, they are some of the best garlic fries I've ever had.  I wish they were boardwalk-style rather than shoestring, but I can live with shoestring when they are this deliciously garlicky.  I'm not sure how they do it, but they manage to get a ton of fresh garlic flavor onto every fry, and do so without you having to spoon up the big chunks of garlic that you usually find on garlic fries (and which always fall off as soonas you pick up the fry).  The Shake:  Great shake; and the chocolate was made with good chocolate ice cream rather than cheap chalky stuff or vanilla with Hershey syrup.  But why every place around here insists on depriving me of coffee ice cream milkshakes is beyond me...The Service:  The staff all seemed really friendly, but being so new, they are still a little slow, so the ordering line could have moved faster.  I'm sure that the speed will pick up as the staff gets more experience, but I hope they don't lose the cheerful attitude when they do.Overall: As far as I'm concerned, Smashburger dominates BGR across all of those catagories, so I have no reason to go to BGR again.  Will this completely supplant Five Guys and Elevation Burger?  No; if I want a greasy gut-bumb and a metric sh!t-ton of fries I'll still go to Five Guys, and if I want something a little smaller and more west-coast style I'll go to Elevation, but Smashburger is definitely going to figure prominently in the rotation!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2012,11/14/2012,980,560,7,11,7>I had a craving for boat noodle soup the other day, and even though I prefer my dad's homemade style more than anything, he only makes it about twice a year and it's Cambodian style, which is slightly different from Thai style. I would usually have to trek to Thai Square in Arlington, but at last... I've FINALLY found the best place for boat noodle soup (AKA floating market noodle soup) in the NoVA area! ...And it's only 10 minutes from my house.We came in for lunch and the owner served us. I ordered in Thai, which was amazing because the owner actually understood me! (I feel like only my dad understands me for the most part...) The soup came out quickly, and even though it was advertised as spicy (2 peppers), I still added on dried pepper to add an extra level of spiciness. The broth was rich and there was a good portion of meat distributed in the bowl. I felt like I was in Thailand all over again, eating authentic boat noodle soup. The servers and the owner consistently checked up on me throughout the meal.Bangkok Noodle, I'm SO glad I finally got the chance to dine in or else I wouldn't have discovered the best boat noodle soup in the area. Till next time!
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/11/2012,11/13/2012,375,803,6,9,9>It was early evening on a hot and steamy Friday night.  So rather than sweating away in a hot kitchen, Carol W and I decided to check out the reincarnated Zikrayet. I liked Zikrayet, but then it closed.  Several months ago, a sign appeared a few blocks away from its original location announcing Zikrayet was reopening soon.  Now, it's back and once again offering Lebanese cuisine and hookah in a new, bigger, bolder setting. The inside of the new Zikrayet is dominated by leather bound couches spread about the cavernous space attempting to go for more of a lounge feel. As you step in the doors, you are met with the noticeable, but not overwhelming smell of hookah smoking in progress.  I imagine it could get overwhelming or off-putting if it was a full house of hookah smokers.  There is a decent-sized bar (although it looks small given the large dimensions of the restaurant) at the back of the rectangular-shaped room. We were seated at high-top table near the bar.  There's also a small non-smoking dining room separated by a sliding glass door off to the side of the main dining room/lounge.  Tables are also available outside for al fresco dining. For starters, we had an order of Fried Kibbeh, a deep fried bulb of burghul wheat stuffed with ground beef, onions, pine nuts and spices; and an order of Baba Ghanoush, a dip made from pureed eggplant, tahini sauce, and lemon juice topped with olive oil.  It was accompanied by pita bread.  The fried kibbeh was nicely fried, flavorful, but seemed to be lacking onion aromatics and pine nuts.  In the end, it wasn't as good as other versions I've had.  The baba ghanoush on the other hand possessed the expected smokiness from the eggplant, which (hopefully) was grilled over a wood fire.  It was a quite nice.  However, the baba ghanoush was let down by the lackluster pita, which seemed to me to have been made (or purchased) in advance, sliced, packaged into serving size bags and frozen, only to be thawed and served.  The bread was dry, flavorless, and lifeless.  It would've been so much nicer is their pita bread was made fresh daily, if possible!  Our entrée, the Lamb Kabob was marinated and grilled to a medium/medium-well.  I would've preferred medium rare, but the meat was very tender, nicely seasoned, and satisfying.  It was served with a side of grilled vegetables and basmati rice.I love Lebanese food.  Zikrayet is, hopefully, still growing into its new space.  All in all, Zikrayet did enough right in my book to earn my future business...just fix the pita bread!
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,11/12/2012,192,253,8,10,10>I've eaten here a few times now, and this place is legit. I've actually never had an entree, but I've devoured just about everything from their appetizers,  snacks and sides menu. Excellent:smoked duck cavatelli, peas, cippolinis, egggreen gazpacho, lump crab, avocadospicy rock shrimp rollpig taco with avocadoVery good:tomato salad, watermelon, basil, goat cheesefried pimiento cheesemacaroni and cheeseGood:merguez, octopus, eggplant, giant beansduck liver gravy poutineIn addition, GPB has an interesting beer list and a few hand-crafted cocktails. The rickey was okay, but a little on the weak side. The first time we were at the bar waiting for our table we had to wait at least 10 minutes for the bartender to make our drinks. Our food was slow to come out while we sat the communal bar table (the server said something about the computer deleting our order), but our service in the main restaurant was excellent.They didn't take reservations when we went (although according to their website they do now), but we haven't had to wait more than 15 minutes during the week (never been on the weekend). From the front entrance GPB looks tiny, but the back room is actually pretty large.GPB joins Cava and Liberty Tavern as one of the best restaurants in Arlington.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,11/11/2012,161,179,4,3,4>This is one of my FAV spots. They have some of the BEST hookah that I've ever had, EVER. I mean it is sooo smooth and I've never tried that other 'green smoke-able plant' but they have a hookah here called acid, and I've heard it's similar. I tried the acid before and it was too much for me. I usually opt for skittles. Aside from the hookah being smooth it is also very reasonably priced. I've sat in there and smoked for hours with coffee and my tab wasn't over $25. I took off a star because every time that I've gone they always bring around this one menu. I mean literally just one, as in after we view it and make a choice, they take that same one menu to the next table. And get this, it's not even laminated (that's a word that only an education major would recognize and actually get, lol). I'm sure it doesn't cost that much to get a few decent menus in the place. Sometimes I just like the menu at my table so that I can know what to try the next time I visit. I also hate the fact that only coffee is served, I understand that they're trying to create this serene atmosphere, but sometimes I need a stiff one. Also, the music is aggravating at times. Variety is the spice of life, why not mix things up a bit. At least throw in a couple songs that will appear to the actual crowd that patronizing the business. These two things are factors that will make me drive out to falls church/arlington/dc area.I have to keep it real here, I did have one issue but it was tiny so I didn't want that to be the focus of my review nor take away stars unnecessarily. On the weekends they could use an extra person. One night we arrived ordered and waited for forever for our hookah. Then another group of people came (after us) and ordered, and got everything before us. We were super pissed but the guy apologized and said that's the way it came out *side eye*.I didn't mention that I LOVE their white chocolate mocha's iced or hot, either way its good. My friend's ordered a cupcake and they really liked it. I want to try the red velvet cake soon. I'd definitely visit again.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2012,11/10/2012,96,138,4,3,3>This is quite possibly the best fried chicken I have ever had.Best tip I can give: don't just show up. Call in your order ahead of time. Otherwise, you will wait a LONG time, approximately 45 minutes to an hour. Second best tip I can give: order the spicy drumsticks. The wings are good too, but all the meat (cough) is in the drumsticks. It is large, it is spicy, it is so flavorful, it is SO tasty, and it is so good. I think how they do it is with the double-fried/breaded/whatever technique, and it works.Last tip I can give, rather, word of advice: service here isn't the best. They are, from the obvious, a Korean establishment, and sometimes the waiters/people who pick up the phone have some trouble understanding you. P.S. This place will make you forget about other fried chicken spots. It has for me.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,11/6/2012,200,724,5,5,3>I recently came here and it's been awhile since I've been here.It's probably my favorite Korean restaurant in Virginia, for now.The service is alway good and friendly.They give good banchans.I came with my family so we ordered a few dishes.We ordered:1. jumboke jook: which is my favorite, was before and still is2. sam gae tang which is Korean stuffed chicken soup with ginseng. People eat this is on a hot day to restore their energy. It indeed was a hot day but I didn't order to restore my energy I ordered it because my cousin says I eat like a grandma lol. The sam gae tang was good but I don't like how they kept the skin on the chicken.3. pollock fish: I didn't try this but the kids seemed to enjoy it, so I'm assuming it was well cooked4. nakji bokum (spicy stir-fried octopus): I didn't try this also but it looked pretty red so that should mean it was plenty spicy but who knows, some Korean red chili pepper flakes are more sweet than spicy just are super red in color.Overall, everyone was happy with their full and left with full and happy tummies.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2012,11/5/2012,463,976,,3,3>This yoga studio has been a godsend for my aching upper back, neck, and shoulders not to mention my sanity.  After holding my baby daughter for feeding, picking her up and laying her down for sleep, it has done a number on my body. My review can only speak to the Alexandria/Annandale location.  I have attended the Healthy Backs and All Levels class with Bev Brown and Mary Richards. Both yoga teachers are stellar but have taken a liking to the Healthy Backs class and All Levels (Sat. AM), both taught by Mary Richards.  She was able to offer an explanation of why my lower back pain was in pain and offer a solution of how to remedy it.  Needless to say, my lower back pain has improved and the rest of my back, neck, and shoulders.Both teachers teach Iyengar yoga which emphasizes mobility and stability, using props (blocks, straps, blankets, etc.) to achieve correct posture of the pose.  The price of the classes are much more than I have spent on a yoga class but the teachers are well trained and skilled at showing you the correct posture, rather than focusing on how to get a good workout.  I feel stronger and more whole after each class.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2012,11/4/2012,115,493,,6,3>Given the location and the immediate availability of more traditional Chinese/Taiwanese food in the area, Yen's is a solid 4 star establishment. This little restaurant is tucked into the office building that is behind the plaza's anchor store, the Giant supermarket. It's right next to the Subway. This place has 2 menus! So, if you're looking for something that's more traditional, more of what Taiwanese families may eat, then firmly ask for the "Chinese" menu. These dishes are large and are meant to be eaten family style (shared with a group). We came in and asked to be seated in Mandarin, so we were automatically offered both menus and the server removed the silverware for chopsticks. We tried the Pipa tofu and the braised pork belly with tofu dish. Pipa is a type of fruit and the tofu is shaped to mimic the shape of the fruit; there's no fruit in this dish. It's soft tofu that has shrimp and scallop meat minced into it. The tofu is that fried into the pipa shape (kinda like an apricot shape) and served with sauce and steamed baby shanghai greens. The braised pork belly dish came with fried tofu triangles that hold up to the fragrant, star anise-studded braising liquid well. The flavors of each dish was quite spot on which made the meal quite enjoyable.In addition, I had a watermelon smoothie and SX had the papaya coconut milk smoothie. Watermelon smoothie is pretty much just blended watermelon. It's pretty much the norm in Taiwan to drink it because it can be extremely refreshing in the blistering tropical summer days. Papaya isn't an extremely sweet fruit, so the smoothie was definitely not as sweet; however, definitely more suited for the "Asian tastebud." End the meal with a complimentary sweet. On our visit, it was fried sweet egg custard buns. One major downside to Yen's is their price. I do believe Yen's to be on the pricey side, but their portion size is on the larger size. The charge for a pot of tea is quite high too. However, the food is quite good and there's not really any other restaurant offering such dishes. I do wish that they did offer more Taiwanese specialty dishes on their menu.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2012,11/3/2012,34,247,2,3,2>Picture it: me in a wheelchair with a broken leg, the BF trying to push me around construction and traffic to get to tiny Ray's which I'd heard so much about and was fortuitously nearby. I think there are 3 different Ray's on Wilson, and we tried each one in succession as we rambled up the block after seeing my orthotist.First, customer service: the place is small, usually busy, and I, with all my equipment, take up a ton of real estate, which is a pain in the ass for everyone--luckily it was late afternoon and not super-busy. But the people at Ray's were very cool about helping arrange us a spot inside, opening doors and moving things, etc. Madd props for that. You would be shocked to know that despite the fact that I typically look like scaffolding on wheels at this point in my recovery, only like 1 in 10 assholes actually offer to OPEN THE DOOR TO A STRUGGLING HANDICAPPED PERSON. Get your morals back, people. Being a nice person is just good karma.Did I mention that they totally played the 1993 Zapp & Roger: All the Greatest Hits album IN ITS ENTIRETY without interruption while we had lunch?!? OMFG you guys. Too awesome--that is such a great album!Food: I am admittedly on a ton of drugs since the whole broken femur debacle and have consequently zero appetite (and an admittedly vacillating touch with reality/consciousness). So, I ordered a shake and some fries. The BF got the "soul burger number one" with cognac & sherry sauteed mushrooms, bacon, swiss, and grilled onions and a shake. I had 2 bites of the burger to taste it. HOLY. BURGERGASM. Yes it was greasy, which I typically dislike. But, I'll be damned if this was not possibly the best burger I have ever tasted, and you know that I am super-picky about my burgers (and, after reading my own Yelps, generally everything else, so trust me on this). It didn't even have any CONDIMENTS, you guys! And I am the queen of condiments! It also lacked most of the things I always put on my burger, and yet it was STILL PHENOMENAL!Evidence of their good service again: they originally forgot about the fries, and to make up for it gave the BF a gratis craft root beer (his FAV thing EVER) when they delivered them. BF was obvi in heaven. The fries were fresh-cut, which I appreciate, and delicious, though average for their type.The shakes were fantastic. I traded my chocolate for the BF's raspberry, which was perfect. It tasted real, fresh, and the flavor was concentrated but not overly sweet like at those chain fast food places. It wasn't enormous, which I appreciate (maybe 12 oz not including the whipped cream on top), because I couldn't finish it. BF agreed wholeheartedly. Prices are def reasonable. However, the cab ride home, for us, is expensive : (I wish there was a bigger variety of sides and of course that there was a Ray's in Alexandria down the street from our place (or that I could get them to deliver). But that's basically my only complaint.The BF is DYING to try the marrow, because, as you know, he hearts all things marrow-related. I am sad for him that my current temporary invalid status will prevent him from his marrow-burger dream for so many months! But, when I can drive again, it's on!!
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,10/28/2014,124,151,9,8,8>So I've been walking around with dreadlocks.  Not on purpose.  I didn't do anything for two weeks after surgery in February, including washing my hair.  Attractive, I know.  So what started out as snarls, morphed into locks.  They were so happy, they decided to put down roots.  My locks mated and made a family.  I had a growing problem on my head. Not a very conventional look for an active job seeker.  I did my best to handle it myself. I covered it up with normal hair.  I deep conditioned, I tried to pick out the tangles with a comb. In my especially panicked moments, I thought about getting drastic and just cutting it all off.   By myself.  Then I thought better of it. Today I went to Floyd's.  I confessed my sins to Andrea.  I showed her my locks.  She taught me all about the amazing capabilities of conditioner + a wet brush.  In a few short minutes, I was lock-less and I still had my hair! It was barely uncomfortable.  It was a miracle!  She trimmed me up real cute and I'm feeling human again. I can actually pull my fingers through my hair.I went on a Monday afternoon and there was no waiting. I love the vibe here. Very rock n' roll.  I've never been to a tattoo parlor, but this is exactly what I imagine one to be like.   Pix of Stevie Nicks, my favorite rock goddess, peered at me from the wallpaper next to the mirror.  She was my good luck token, watching over me... seeing her was when I knew everything would be OK.   Each station has a sink, so once you're in your chair, you don't have to move.  Which is a good thing, if you're like me and the last thing you want is other people all up in your biz-nits, or rats nest, as it were. Women's cut + blow dry w/tip = $60.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/8/2014,10/27/2014,1080,358,8,11,8>*3.5 stars*I know some of my friends are going to think I'm crazy with this review (all have/would give Chutzpah 5-star reviews), but I have to throw my two cents of an opinion out there.I've been here a few times and have yet to be blown away by anything I've ordered (*gasp*), but I'm a fan of the breakfast - it was the best I've had so far. I came in for a to-go order of a Bacon Egg & Cheese on an Everything Bagel. The bagel was fresh and had plenty of the "everything". The bacon, egg and melty cheese were cooked to my liking - it was a solid breakfast. For lunch I've had both the Roasted Turkey Sandwich and the Hebrew National Bologna sandwich. The bologna was thick, which I liked, but the sandwich in general was just OK. The Roasted Turkey - I am not a fan. I think it's just the type of turkey meat they use that I don't care for. These things aside, I am not opposed to trying other items from the Chutzpah menu.I've also watched my friends devour the latkes and a HUGE Reuben with much enthusiasm. Maybe I just haven't tried the right things yet...Each time I've picked up food from here, the gentleman behind the counter was friendly, made jokes with me and put together the orders quickly.Additional Notes:-Menu is extensive. Be prepared.-Bottled drinks here are a bit expensive.-They offer Dr. Brown's Sodas-At the end/bottom of the menu they offer a vocabulary lesson in deli vernacular. It helps to explain some of the names of menu items.-There are 2 different registers: one for those dining in and the other for those picking up to-go orders. Make sure you go to the correct register (there are signs) cuz they're pretty particular about it.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2014,10/26/2014,179,466,3,9,6>Love the dimsum here and it's such a large restaurant that you get seated pretty quick even when they are busy. Compared to Fortune (across the street), the dimsum here is less greasy. Compared to China Garden (in Rosslyn) this place is more reasonably priced. Compared to Mark's Duck House (around the corner) you can get seated faster. Overall I think it's the best bang for your buck in terms of dimsum in the nova area.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2014,10/25/2014,124,39,2,5,4>Came here on our anniversary. When you walk in you immediately see pictures of celebrities and politicians who dined at Peking Gourmet covering their walls. Also, the space is surprising much larger than it appears from the outside. We decided we had to order the Peking duck. We also ordered a few sides, including winter squash soup,  mushrooms, and bok choy. The soup was good, hearty and earthy. The mushrooms and bok choy were good too, but nothing we hadn't had before. We were trying to go light on the sides as we wanted to save room for the copious amounts of duck that were on the way. They bring out the piping hot duck on a rolling cart and slice it up right at your table. The duck is perfect: crispy skin, with juicy, flavorful meat. They also serve warm pancakes to roll it up in, with sides of fresh cucumber and spring onions to add in your pancake roll if you'd like, and delicious hoisin sauce for topping. This is a dish that will please just about anyone's taste buds. I've come on other occasions and ordered other dishes, but the reason to really come is for the dish that really shines, the Peking duck.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,10/24/2014,43,199,1,6,5>Pam is awesome!  I made my first appointment with Pam a few months ago.  I didn't know what to expect since she does her facials out of her home. When I turned down her long driveway, I immediately went to the darkside: what if there is no Pam?  What if its all a scam to get women to some weirdo's house alone?  Oh why did I never tell anyone where I was going?!?  ....Well, I'd never know unless I went in. And Pam does exist. And she has the most amazing skin you've ever seen.  I won't give her age away, but she's got better skin than most women half her age!  She obviously knows what she's doing.  She has her treatment room all set up and cozy with music just like if you're in a spa. I've had 3 different types of facials from her. Before your first one she'll ask you to fill out a form about your skin, and discuss what your issues are and what you're looking for. The great thing about going to Pam is that she is cheaper than a spa, and offers way more options than a typical spa (or Massage Envy type of place) where you get a handful of facials to choose from.   If you need a facial, give Pam a try. She's great!
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,10/23/2014,110,185,5,8,4>Great Korean BBQ, the meat here is really fresh. Ordered the pork belly and the galbi tang soup. Pork belly was excellent, one of the freshest ones I've ever had around Annandale. Galbi tang soup was okay. My bf gave it a 2 out of 5 (but why the hell would you order soup at a BBQ joint lolol). Service was great, the staff are really attentive to your needs. However, it does get kinda busy so they might slip and forget to come by. If you're really hungry try the AYCE options such as option A  or B. Last night I couldn't do either of these options because the black hole in my stomach was closed.Come here here if you want to get your moneys worth of AYCE Korean BBQ. You won't be disappointed. However, come hungry and try to come early it gets pretty crowded and parking is a b....
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2014,10/22/2014,125,69,4,8,7>After several days of binge watching BBQ Pitmasters, my taste buds were craving a serious BBQ meal. During July 4th weekend my usual spot in DC seemed to be thousands of miles away with all the tourist traffic. After seeing Sweet Fire Donnas a few times in passing I figured it was worth a shot. Boy was that a great idea! This place is legit! I really enjoyed how it had the walk up counter feel that a true BBQ spot should have. The staff was friendly and quick, and the inside of the restaurant was tidy.The food was pretty damn good! It definitely met my lofty expectations after listening to snooty 'cue judges on TV (I never knew southern BBQ cooks could be so bujee). My gf and I ordered a meal and an appetizer to split and it ended up being so much food, we stretched it out over 2 1/2 meals.-burnt ends were amazing! Loaded with flavor and still very moist!-pork rib was equally delicious and was a hefty portion as well. Their dry rub was great.-pulled pork was good. Not as much flavor as I would like, but they have 4 different sauces to liven it up.-beef brisket was decent. I have only had beef brisket from one place that I've loved, so maybe I just don't crave it like others. Otherwise it was nice and moist with a good smoke ring.If yer lookin' to cure your 'cue craving, this place will definitely hit the spot!
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2014,10/21/2014,147,204,4,7,4>There's something about a night of dancing that makes my appetite ferocious. Back in college it was a greasy spoon diner, in Taiwan the congee and soy milk joints, and in D.C...Kabob Palace.  Open 24/7 this kabob house has been serving grilled meats with sides of carbs slathered with stewed vegetables to locals for years.  Don't come expecting table service and fine china, this is a cafeteria style, fill your belly and go joint. And a full belly you will leave with.  At 2am this place is packed! The crowd is a mix of after-bar/club/lounge folks,  families, students,  late night workers all with the same demand,  me want meat!I am a big fan of the grilled lamb chop. But then not many charred meats offend me. And the stewed spinach...drool!! There's nothing like that stewed spinach over rice that instantly warms your belly. When paired with the salty grilled meat,  you have a pretty awesome combination of textures and flavors that will make the perfect ending to any night. And mad props to the owner, on a recent night,  the line was snaking around the restaurant as usual with people crowding around the counter. (People when you pay and get your number move out of the way!! They will call out your number when it's ready) An obviously drunk man walked up to the counter from the exit side, skipping the line, and demanded food, shouting about how long he's been waiting. Then he slammed down a $20 and started insulting the owner with expletives. My man takes a hard stare at the drunk man and firmly says,  there are a lot of people here who are waiting in line, you wait your turn. Don't come here cursing because I don't need your money.  Well done I say.  I have always found the meats to be juicy and never re-heated and happy to wait for that freshness.  I don't know what Kabob Palace looks like in the morning but at 2am, she's a beautiful last stop to an already amazing evening.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,10/20/2014,141,312,3,8,5>I've been here 45 times in the past year. (Not always to eat, sometimes just for cocktails at the bar.) Obviously, I think it's great. I don't care about metaphysical arguments about what is a "real" tapas.  The food is darn good!The Jaleo Experience tasting menu with drink pairing is the way to go if you are hungry enough. For $100 they being more courses than you can eat, each with a perfectly paired wine or cocktail. Ala carte is also great if you don't want to be over stuffed, but the tasting menus are the best deal. Happy hour is also excellent, with discounts on several tapas and selected wines. The staff is excellent, whether at a table or the bar. This is one of the few restaurants where I'm happy to eat at the bar.Cocktails are excellent. My favorite is Andre's gin & tonic: a large single ice cube, slice of lime, lemon peel, Citadelle gin, Fever Tree tonic , and a half dozen juniper berries. Too many great dishes to name them all, but my favorites are the shrimp gambas, oysters gin and tonic (could be a theme here), the pan cristal, the various fritters, and the cheese plates. Everything is perfectly prepared. I highly recommend Jaleo in Crystal City.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,10/19/2014,242,306,4,10,9>Maple Ave is the first place that comes to mind when I'm looking for good 'local' brunch in the Tysons area.  Reasonably priced for high quality and super tasty food. with superb service.It is hard for me to stray away from the Shrimp & Grits -- crisp, perfectly-cooked shrimp with fresh grits and an awesome sauce.  The grits did dissolve a little bit in the sauce, but not too noticeably.  And the cute little okra slices that look like flowers!  And bits of venison sausage!  Definite favorite.  When I have torn myself away from this favored dish, I have found the Venison Omelette and PBLT (pork belly!) to be solid dishes.I'm not a fan of the Truffled Eggs, as the truffle oil tastes... over-truffle-y.  I also think that truffle oil is a 'cheat' ingredient that doesn't belong in restaurant food.  But hey, to each their own! My friends liked it, so if you are partial to it then go for it! Mesclun salad this last time was salty and overdressed. Homefries with onions are super tasty and definitely cooked in lard or something (greasy plate residue might be a hint), but I suggest you don't think about it and just walk it off later -- it's worth it!Small venue, so reservations are highly recommended.  And as it is difficult to maneuver out of the parking lot, try parking across the street instead (which also allows you to walk off your homefries).
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2014,6/25/2014,73,132,1,5,4>So, this review is a few months late, but I finally have time to write up a review for them! Cute place! I loved the decor upon walking in and all the servers/staff were happy and attentive.  It definitely has this cool vibe with modern decor and comfy seating which makes it perfect for drinks/dinner with friends or a date.  We came in on a late weeknight and were seated immediately.  My only gripe was the parking.  Street parking looks like the only option and we had to circle around and wait a few times for something to open up, but nonetheless, this place could easily be found and it looked super cool from the main road.I immediately saw that you could get free edamame as an appetizer if you check in with yelp, SO I did and the server quickly brought the edamame out.  For the sushi rolls, we got the Light my Fire and Volcano rolls. Lemme say, DEE-licious! Light my Fire was my favorite because it was just the perfect amount of spice, crunch, and a tiny bit of sweetness with it.  The sushi was fresh, neatly rolled, full of flavor, and beautifully presented.  I'd definitely come back again and try other things on the menu!
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,6/24/2014,110,185,4,6,6>Tachibana, to me, is as authentic as it gets for Japanese food.The quality of the sushi is super fresh, you can definitely taste it. However, I didn't like the taste of the rice much since it was on the sweeter side (not really accustom to it). You can definitely taste it in the Chirashi bowl, but with the nigiri and the hand-rolls it wasn't that noticeable. All in all, great place to get a superb quality of sushi. Only downside of Tachibana is, the parking is okay, service was about a 3 (our server wasn't that great), rice was a little too sweet for me, and it gets kind-of crowded.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,6/23/2014,23,295,3,5,4>Since I've been here about 50 times in the last year, I feel obligated to (quietly) profess my love for this place. I won't tell you the name of my massage lady, but she keeps me running 50 miles a week, and I qualified for Boston with over a 20 minute margin under her painful love. Painful, but it is all love. I hit up this place at least once a week, usually on my off day, to prep me for a week ahead. This place, and Big Buns, are the best businesses in Ballston. Conveniently located close enough that I can hit up both in a night.I think I will regret divulging my love for this place. Please keep my favorite lady free for me.I wouldn't bother with the Groupon deals. It's $60 an hour.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,6/22/2014,34,450,2,12,6>Szechuan at its finest, if you choose.  They do have an American-Chinese menu with General Tso's Chicken and the rest, but don't be that guy (or girl).  Brought to you by the same folks who owned China Star when it was the only good szechuan in the DMV, 88 China steps up the decor and keeps the quality food.  They've only been open for a little while, so the floors, walls, and tables/chairs all still have the new and modern feeling. Our service could have been a touch more proactive, we did have to make an effort to flag down a waiter to get some water, but bringing us a pot of tea right off the bat on a cool afternoon was a nice touch.The food itself was fantastic; our only regret was not having enough stomach space to  try more than a couple things, but I guess that guarantees we'll be back. The pumpkin pie appetizer was a nice starter; it's nothing like pumpkin pie, instead it is a sugar-crusted semi-sweet fried dough ball with a touch of red bean and pumpkin. This sort of chewy dough ball isn't easy to get right without becoming oily, overly chewy, or tasting of the fry oil, but this was just fantastic. The other standout for us was the Beef in Hot Pot with Pickled Cabbage. I'm a huge fan of the combination of vinegar (in the pickled cabbage) and richness of the broth and beef; it's just nicely balanced.  On top of being nicely balanced between risk and tart, they also used a lighter hand with the peppercorns so that while we could taste them, our lips didn't go completely numb. Overall this is a great addition to the area's other szechuan places (China Star and 100 Degree Chinese Cuisine to name just two), and we'll be back to try more.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,6/21/2014,125,69,5,7,5>When I walked in, Miso hungry! When I left, Miso satisfied...  All bad jokes aside, I really enjoyed my experience here from beginning to end. Be forewarned, I dont know the names of most of the things I was eating, but I will do my best.The service was fairly good, we were sat quickly and got drinks within a few minutes of sitting down. The only downside to the service was there was no mid meal check up from the waiter. Normally I'm not a fan of server coming up and asking, "how is everything?"   as I'm whoofing down gobs of food. This time I feel like it was necessary though as I could have used some soy sauce and my date wanted some hot sauce or chili flake.The food was great! I got the spicy pork katsu combination, with the mini udong. It was an amazing spread. The combo came with a side salad and a steamed egg served before the meal. The meal included spicy pork katsu which was fried perfectly and very moist. The only downfall to it was there was no need to call it "spicy". There was not even a hint of spiciness to the pork at all. It came with some slaw that had a creamy sauce, a deviled egg concoction, an onion salad with fish sauce (I think), and lastly the soup, which was delicious! There was also some kimchi cabbage, sweet melon doo dads and a tasty dipping sauce for the katsu. To end the meal, I was offered ice cream or a yogurt drink. I opted for the ice cream, which was standard, but a nice touch nonetheless. All of this was only about $30 for two people. That's a darn good value for all of the food we got.This place is great. I want to go back right now for the soup. It was sooo good!
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,6/20/2014,95,140,1,7,6>I would have to say despite random events that made my night sort of weird, this place is still great. Our waiter was wonderful and the food was delicious.Tuna Tartar - Delicious. This is a small portion though! So make sure this isn't the primary thing you order.Big Boy Tots - Crunchy outside and mashed potato inside. Great size and definitely enough to share with 2-4 people.Tacos - This was my favorite thing yet. The green sauce they give you compliments that tacos perfectly. I ordered my tacos with fish and they were fantastic. Bathrooms - They were 4 private bathrooms - 2 men and 2 women. It is really hard to tell which stalls are filled with people. There was multiple girls piling into them and just cutting line. You sort of just have to pick a door and hope that it doesn't take forever. It's cool that they have tv's in them. I think it'd be helpful if when you locked the bathroom door there was a sign that turned red or something b/c its sort of hard to tell which ones are taken.Noise Level - I came here the night of the Syracuse/Duke game. This place is a sports bar so it was extremely loud!! I could barely hear my boyfriend or the waiter. If you're coming by for dinner, keep that in mind. It can get kind of crazy.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2014,6/19/2014,66,170,2,8,4>Had my hair cut by Lydia today.  I requested her specifically because of her good reviews.  She did a great job and was very patient with me.  She showed me how to style my hair every step of the way, demonstrated different ways I could wear my hair and took my requests and suggestions to heart.  I am very pleased.Tang shampooed my hair and did a wonderful job too.  She made sure the water temp was okay and gave me a fantastic scalp and neck massage.  I heard she is an intern there but I hope they keep her!I had to knock off one star, unfortunately, because they had a sign that said 10% off on hair services for new customers.  When I pointed it out to the receptionist, she said she could not give it to me because I was not a new customer.  I had a pedicure done a few weeks ago, but had never had any hair services.  I don't think that is fair because a pedicure has nothing to do with hair services.  I didn't argue but I won't forget it, either.  They did the same thing to my daughter with a Living Social deal, where you could get $50 worth of services for $40.  When she asked about it after her haircut, they said the same thing - you've been here before (for a pedi).  Seems they want to advertise specials but don't really want to give them to you.  Only thing that put a sour taste in my mouth about this salon.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,6/18/2014,17,308,5,6,3>Let me start with the food- fresh, well made and perfectly seasoned.  With generous portions sizes, its a great meal.  My wife had the Chicken Tandoori and I decided to try the Shireen Polo with chicken.   Both were very good- I especially enjoyed the Shireen Polo rice- just the right amount of orange seasoning.The restaurant inside is pretty nice, and the service quick and friendly.  The only odd thing is entering through the rear of the restaurant- it fronts Maple Ave but all the parking and entry is in the back.  A very plesant experience and we will be coming back!
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,6/17/2014,147,204,4,9,6>Going to the salon should be about treating yourself and feeling fabulous afterwards.  I made a appointment for a hair cut with Vincent. When I arrived I was immediately greeted and offered a beverage. The staff was very efficient in getting me ready for my session. Everyone at Salon Nordine was professional and courteous.  It was a relaxing and comfortable experience,  exactly how you should feel at a salon. Vincent did a fabulous job with my hair.  He took the time to listen to what I was looking for and walked me through what he was doing.  He recommended how I should style my hair and taught me a few styling tricks to give my hair more volume.  Salon Nordine offers other services such as manicures and pedicures, eye lash extensions,  and facials. Overall I was very satisfied with the service and at $65 for a hair cut,  not cost prohibitive for a regular pampering.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,6/16/2014,20,22,4,9,5>Outstanding. This place is called a Bakery but serves much more than scrumptious pastries and cakes. First off, if you are earnestly looking for some fish tacos, look no further than this place. It has the best fish tacos (yes, I said fish tacos-no typo here) within the 200 miles radius. Second, their Mexican sandwich/burger called "Torta" is almost five pounds of deliciousness that you should not miss. Order the Mexicuban Torta that comes with ham and beef. I usually split this Torta into two meals and this never disappoints me. This place deserves five stars all over. Note that the neighborhood where this restaurant is located is a Mecca for Mexican deliciousness.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,4/2/2013,26,84,4,3,4>I've only been back here a couple of times this past few months and it dramatically changed from when I came here many years ago.  The biggest changes were the new game room, a karaoke area, a dart board section, a new modern jukebox with a ton more options than before, lots of TV screens with sports on, a giant projection screen, a new menu, and the pool tables are still there.  Cue Club is very different from before and you can tell from the tone and mood of the place.  Lively, friendly, and welcoming all around from those who work here to everyone that comes here.And just in case you forgot you're in Annandale, AKA K-Town, they have a Bulgogi Sub on the menu to remind you.  It's like a philly, moist, not dry, but full of that Korean meat  bbq goodness, simply fantastic.  I could do without the potato chips and go for fries instead but I can't wait to sample the rest of the menu.  They have a nice selection of beer which I enjoy trying new brands.  The bartenders I've talked to are very friendly and down-to-earth guys which is part of what makes this bar great.For a while I was looking for a local pub close by and I all but forgot about the Cue Club.  I'm glad I remembered this little gem because this is definitely my place to go to when I want to wind down at the end of the day.  I found my watering hole.  Where's yours?
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,4/1/2013,105,105,3,3,3>Absolutely loved this place.  It really is, as Yelp states, "As good as it gets!"  What was even more fun was that I came here on a whim since my friend had made reservations for her and her boyfriend who ended up being busy that night.  She had to wait a month before being able to come here since this place must book up  fast (??) so she didn't want to just cancel them. ATMOSPHERE and SERVICE:  It was sexy, intimate, and low key.  I came with a girlfriend here but I definitely wouldn't mind coming back just for a romantic setting and some conversation with a date.  It had a very old time theme to it which I thought was fantastic.  I don't know how to quite describe it but maybe this is similar to what the old speakeasies looked like during the Prohibition.  The design of the restaurant definitely adds the the experience.  The volume of the restaurant is at a perfect noise level so you can hear the other person speak.  The hostess was wonderfully pleasant and the bartender was very nice.  Something worth mentioning, to me at least, is the bar tender gets mad cool points for not questioning my age since most think I'm underaged- this just improved my speakeasy experience 10-fold by not making me feel like I was in just some average joe bar.  DRINKS:  I had a drink called "This will warm you up" (I may be off on the name) that had port and cognac...wow it was delicious and it warmed me right up on that cold rainy night.  Even though we were sitting at the bar, our drinks did take longer than we expected.  However, I don't think that was a mistake because it's such an intimate setting it feels like they want you to just come relax and converse with good company.  It also makes you feel like you want to savor every drop and stay longer once you actually do get your drink.  The bartender takes his time to make a fantastic drink and there is a lot that goes into the cocktails at this place- actually it's kind of fun to watch!  They are cleverly crafted and the names are quite creative.  I was told that a very famous mixologist owns the place?  So I'm assuming you have to live up to the standards! ;)  FOOD:  My friend ended up getting hungry so she ordered the Chicken & Chips.  When it came out it blew my mind how large the portion was - it was awesome.  Obviously I had to help her out ;)  The fried chicken was boneless and was very tasty.  The fries were HUMONGOUS and perfectly cooked.  The shining star, though, was the dipping sauce.  I'm Indian so I definitely recognize some masala spice when I taste it.  It was an Indian yogurt sauce that I believe the bar tender stated had  Maharashtra curry spice in it (if I heard correctly).  It was absolutely wonderful and her and I were having such of an orgasm over it that the people next to us decided to order some.  I definitely have to come back here!
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,3/31/2013,34,450,2,5,3>Another day, another gourmet burger joint under my belt, and another bump in my cholesterol (and all for the sake of science, I swear it).I had been meaning to try Good Stuff Eatery for months, but Capital Hill was just too far away.  Luckily I stumbled across their location in Crystal City, which I hadn't known about, and just in time for lunch no less.  In my own personal list, I would put Good Stuff between Elevation Burger and Smashburger.  The Patty: A small-ish single patty, not terribly thick, and not overly juicy.  I wouldn't call it dry, but it certainly wasn't dripping grease all over my tie.The Bun: Nothing remarkable, it held up well and wasn't a distraction.The Toppings: The bacon was perfectly cooked (crispy enough to easily bite through, but not crumbly), and the cheese, bbq sauce, and onion were nicely proportioned to the bun and patty.Fries: Village fries were good, larger than Elevation Burger, but crispier than Five Guys, but as I was afraid they would, most of the thyme and rosemary fell off before they made it into my mouth.  More props to Smashburger for the way their fries keep it on!The Shake: The Vietnamese Coffee was outstanding, thick and delicious!Overall: A good burger, if a touch expensive, and a great shake.  I'll be back for lunch again next time I am in Crystal City, and next time I'll have to give the toasted marshmallow shake a shot...
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2012,3/30/2013,225,575,,5,5>The clan and I had a wonderful Korean / Cajun dining experience at Mokomandy.  Phil was an awesome server providing useful insight on the various dishes offered.  Based on his recommendation we ordered:* Jambalaya* Pot Roast Slider * Gator Croquette * Oyster PoBoys* Kale ChipsMy favorites were the pot roast sliders and gator croquette.  The sliders were tender and juicy.  While the gator were deep fried with cajun seasoning, e.g. zartans.  Mokomandy seems to be gaining momentum as reservations were unavailable during our preferred time on Sunday.  In addition I noticed more Asians dining in compared to my previous visit.  As a result I'll definitely have to try their Korean dishes rather than the usual comfort cajun food.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,3/29/2013,47,148,1,10,7>O-M-Geeeee this place is amazing!  I almost don't want to write a review because I don't want to share it with people!I have been on a search for good sushi in NoVa, and Sushi Prince isn't just good, it's great!  This is definitely my new go-to sushi place.  The only reason that it's not a five star review is that they don't do delivery.  Fortunately it's close enough that I can just pick it up on my way home from work.Great, personal service, nice low key vibe in the restaurant.  Nothing not to like.  But let's get down to biznass... here's the rundown on the sushi rolls:Candy Cane [5 stars] - tuna, white tuna, as much tuna as you can jam in a roll and it was aaaaa-mazing.  this will be the staple roll I order every time I go backCrown Royal [4 stars] - tuna, salmon and crab; super deilshPrince House Roll [4 stars] - tuna, salmon, yellowtail (the holy trinity of sushi, right?) - you dip this one in ponzu, which is a nice change from the soy sauce, though be careful not to drop the roll into the ponzu dish...that's too much ponzu.  trust me.Blood Mary [3 stars] - tuna, crab wtih radish sprouts; it was good but nothing super special.  don't regret trying it, but won't get it again.Crunch Infinity [2 stars] - shrimp tempura, crab, masago - I had high hopes for this roll but it just fell flat.  Absolutely nothing notable about it, wouldn't recommend it and wouldn't get it again.Go immediately and enjoy- you won't regret it!
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,3/28/2013,209,343,6,7,8>If you're a fan of kimbap and twice fried chicken, Red Holic is the place to be. Red Holic is a small, cozy restaurant that does Korean well and for cheap. I came here with my bf and we got kimbap, wings and dumplings. The kimbap was delicious and was served fairly quickly-- I got the Spam kimbap, yum. The wings were crispy but a comparison to Bon Chon isn't quite fair. Does Red Holic have tasty wings? Absolutely. Is it on par with garlic soy glazed Bon Chon wings? Not even close. But in its own right, they were delicious. Dumplings were, well, dumplings. The service is quick and friendly- there were only two people working the floor and despite having nearly every table full, they were so super quick and attentive. The only weird thing is, is that their free coffee machine says out of order yet I saw one of our servers snagging a cup of coffee for himself. Sketchy but guess I'll just step up to the plate and get some free coffee on my next visit.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,3/27/2013,273,378,,7,4>Yeah, five freaking stars! It baffles me why I never posted a review before. The various soy products, as well as the desserts and refreshments, are truly as good as it gets. So beautiful and delicious. I love just about everything that comes out of Thanh Son Tofu.Some personal favorites:fruit smoothies with bubbles cha chung chayfried tofu red or green sticky ricepandan soy milkOkay, I pretty much listed everything on their menu and displayed behind the glass. The highlights mentioned above are remarkable in so many ways. The fruit smoothies actually taste like fresh fruits. That's worth commenting on because most smoothies served in ethnic or American establishments taste artificial and overly sweet. I always get the avocado or pineapple smoothie. I heard all other flavors are pretty awesome, too. Oh, and their bubbles and jelly--that stuff is crack! It's better than other places' bubbles. Trust me on this. Cha chung chay is a vegetarian version of a popular Vietnamese entree that is usually comprising woodear mushroom, pork, and egg, formed into a patty. The Thanh Son non-meat version is just as tasty. Obviously, soy products are king here. The soy milk  is fragrant and fresh-tasting. It only makes sense then that the fried tofu is also very good and highly addictive. Fried rectangular pieces of lemongrass or mushroom infused tofu mmmmmm. If you're a fan of sticky rice, Thanh Son is your best option in Eden Center. The rice is always fresh and perfectly cooked. The other dessert options are also quite good, such as the cha ba ba. For cleanliness, flavor, and quality, Thanh Son easily kicks the competition's butt.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,3/26/2013,438,299,12,11,9>They see me rollin, they hatin... well maybe not exactly. Anyways you won't have to be riding dirty after coming here, your car will be squeaky clean and sparkly and you'll be proud to drive your vehicle around after. They did a really good job on the interior as well.This carwash has multiple options and price points. You can get just a simple car wash all the way up to their most deluxe package which I tried. The priciest one cleans down the interior, vacuums, wipes interior windows, blows out your vents, and cleans your rims and more. Some car wash places will claim to clean the rims but will do such a half-ass job that your rims are still mostly dirty afterwards. Not this place. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because they left some smudges near the bottom of my front windshield with one of their cloths and it actually was pretty annoying when i was driving and i had to clean it off myself later.They offer a monthly pass deal that you can wash your car as often as you want for just about 30-40 something bucks a month. It doesn't give you the highest level clean that they offer but it could be worth it if you want your car cleaned often.Things of note: it took them about 1.2 hours or so to clean my car even though there wasn't anyone ahead of me. Just beware if you get the most expensive package that you'll have to wait a bit even if there is no line.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,3/24/2013,110,193,4,9,6>For months, and almost years now, I've driven by Hooked and always seen the signs that say "Best Seafood in Virginia" or "Best Sushi in Virginia".  And everytime I've thought that the awards and accolades sound pretty impressive, but honestly what restaurant isn't going to claim that they have the best food?  And during this whole time, I've heard from other critics or friends of mine that yes, indeed, Hooked is quite good.So why did it take me so long to go visit this gem?  I have no idea.  All I know is that my roommate and I went there on a Thursday with a couple friends.  The food was so amazing, that we decided to come back on Monday to take advantage of a sushi special they were having.  And then I almost returned for a third time in 8 days for Valentine's Day.  That's how great this place is.  Needless to say, less than a week later, I was once again hooked on Hooked.If you've never been to Hooked, and you enjoy sushi, then I must recommend that you try the sushi here as opposed to some of the regular seafood dishes.  The Volcano Roll is quite possibly the best sushi roll I've ever had in my life.  The Ragin' Cajun, Inner Harbor, and Waikiki rolls are also good.  And of course, you can't go wrong with something like the Spider Roll (soft shelled crab) or the Tempura Lobster Tail roll (if you aren't hooked by the words Tempura Lobster Tail, then you're reading the wrong review).Aside from the orgasmic sushi, my friends and I have discovered several appetizers and desserts that are now on our must-order list.  In particular, the crab deviled eggs which have caramelized bacon and crab meat on top of the traditional deviled eggs is our favorite.  The Wagyu (aka Kobe style) beef carpaccio is also amazing and just melts in your mouth.  I order both of these every time I go to Hooked now.  And last but not least, after your meal, I highly recommend the tempura gelato.  Gelato is like ice cream, but creamier and more delicious in my opinion.  Ball that up and batter it with tempura then fry it and you get the amazing dessert offered at Hooked.To put all of this into perspective...writing about Hooked in this review has made me hungry and craving Hooked for dinner tonight.  If you like seafood and sushi, you need to check out Hooked now.  See you guys there tonight.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,3/23/2013,232,240,11,12,11>Holy smokes! Do not come here unless you're starving and have three stomachs! If you do, I warn you that you'll probably leave much like I did; wobbling from your massive food baby belly, and wondering if you'll make it home without getting a DUI from being so drunk off the huge amount of sushi you just consumed. Kumo is one of those places that offers not only insanely high quality sushi, but also ridiculously large portions. Add those together and anyone with as little self control as I have will be in for trouble. You just can't stop! It's too good! Even when you feel your pants button reaching the popping point, you just won't be able to say no to another sushi roll that is not only the length of your forearm, but the circumference of it as well. Then when it's time for dessert, you'll again talk yourself into ordering the fried banana, because who the heck can say no to tempura battered banana and ice cream? I know I can't! This is a dangerous place people! Beware! Now...if you decide not to heed my warning, I'll understand. I can't even do it myself. Even though I know the serious consequences of going back, I just can't deny myself more of the deliciousness that Kumo has to offer. The Angry Dragon Roll and Jalapeno Yellowtail are just too good. I know I'm eventually going to need my fix; no matter the cost. It's best to be honest with yourself, right?
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,8/20/2013,83,195,,6,3>I know this may be odd but I love Pete's take out style. They suggest reheating your slices in a cast iron skillet with a top....this process is magical. Fresh out of the oven pizza with each slice! They impart this great wisdom on each box because it "most closely resembles the original method of baking the pizza" and it is so so amazing.I love the Staven with pepperoni, sausage, cherry peppers, caramelized onions, and roasted garlic. If you love garlic as much as I do, this is the pizza for you. I liked the spice from the sausage and cherry peppers...a bit more than I expected...but appreciated nonetheless.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,8/19/2013,54,172,,6,6>Meadowlark Botanical Gardens is a beautiful oasis hidden in Vienna. I can't believe I only live 10 minutes away from this place and yet I just visited for the first time this past weekend. My husband read about the Korean Bell Garden so we made it a priority to visit. There is plenty of free parking and it only costs $5 for admission. I believe you can also buy an annual pass but unsure of the rates. The visitor center staff is friendly and helpful, providing maps for guidance. Meadowlark sprawls out over 90 acres so there is plenty to see and do on any given visit.  The gardens are well maintained and visitors seem to adhere to the rules and regulations in order to keep it pristine. While I saw several visitors, it never felt crowded. It was calm and peaceful. While there were plenty of beautiful plants and wildlife (geese, turtles, fish) to admire, the bell garden was my favorite spot. The pavilion that holds the bell is amazing on its own. Intricately carved wood built by hand as it was done thousands of years ago. The engravings on the bell are as lovely as the surroundings. On a two hour visit, we only covered a little over a 1/3 of the grounds. I definitely want to visit again. Next time I'll wear better shoes and bring more water. PS...don't forget your camera.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,8/18/2013,234,142,,7,3>I've been hesitant to try this place out because it has garnished mixed reviews, but gave it a try anyway since my friends and I had a hankering for Italian but were in the Fairfax Corner area The wait was 1 hour long and they don't accept reservations, so if you are coming on a weekend be prepared! We had a few drinks while waiting for our table- I ordered a Martini which was made to perfection but EXTRA PLUS for serving blue cheese stuffed olives. YUM!FInally, we were seated at our table. We ordered the fried risotto balls which are a MUST HAVE- they are delicate, creamy, crunchy and delicious as an appetizer. I ordered the "crazy lasagna" which was also very good. It came in this deconstructed lasagna type dish with meatballs on top. At first glace, I was dissapointed by the portion since it LOOKED a little small, but 1/2 way through the dish i was SO FULL. Looks can be deceiving!!! My friends ordered the pasta primavera and the halibut and all had excellent reviews. For dessert, we had the flourless waffle (A Great American fan favorite) and it,as always , did not disappoint. I definitely enjoyed my trip here, I thought the food was great and the service was top notch as Great American Restaurants are known for.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,8/17/2013,96,439,5,12,6>HOLY CRAP. Five stars. Hands down. One of the absolute most awesome places I have ever been to. The location is unfortunately hidden away on Old Pickett Road (across from the Home Depot in Fairfax), but what a hidden gem!It works like this --1. Check off broth type (spicy, veggie, kimchi, etc.).2. Check off meats (as many as you want of about a dozen animals).3. Check off veggies (same as 2).4. Check off any 'extras' such as dumplings, meatballs, etc.I'm probably forgetting a step... but they turn your broth pot on, it gets really hot, and you then get brought huge plates of your meats and veggies. Oh, and starches! I knew I forgot a step! (Udon, rice, etc.)Throw everything along with whatever spice and additional sauce combos you want into the pot. Wait a minute or two, and bam! It's all cooked and ready to be spooned back out into your bowl. I loved it. Absolutely loved it. It is only $22 a head (they charge by the head) -- all you can eat. So if your pot runs dry and you need more of something? Fill out another checklist! We checked off so much stuff the first time though that we got our money's worth and ended up really full. I loved being able to have so many delicious flavors all in one meal for such a reasonable price. In case you're wondering, I had the following meats:1) Shrimp2) Squid3) Octopus4) Scallops5) Crawfish6) Marinated beef7) Lamb8) Chicken9) Pork (I think, in the dumplings)Do mushrooms count as a meat? Almost, I think, because I had the oyster mushrooms (one of about three types they have on the menu).Don't eat meat? Don't worry, this place is definitely still for you! The veggie list is huge and diverse as well.Our server, Robert, was great. He explaining everything really well and was attentive when necessary. The whole place seemed very clean, well-run and interesting/vibrant. For those who seek a good range of Asian drinks, there is also a pretty robust menu of sakes, sojus, meads and the like. I personally enjoyed a European sparkling water that was divine over fresh lemon.I will not hesitate to go back to Hot Spot. It's totally #1 on my list right now. My kind of place. It's like taking the Genghis Grill concept to a whole new level with 1,000x the quality ingredients and class.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,8/16/2013,152,261,,4,4>Charming! I ave never been to a winery here in VA and this place met all expectations and then some. Got a deal on Specialicious and drove out with a friend to Broad Run (surprisingly easy to get to btw, just a straight shot down 66). We had tickets for a tasting which was just delightful. Pearmund is best at chadonnay although they have a wide selection of wines. Be careful of the files in the summer time though, because of the sweetness of the grapes, they are everywhere! Just move inside to avoid them. Nonetheless, paired with cheese, crackers, or meats from their cafe corner and good company from friends, an afternoon here is one well spent.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,8/15/2013,168,346,4,10,7>(review only for cakes)  We were planning a party to reveal the sex of this little baby in my belly, so the cake part was an important aspect of this plan.  I was worried because my local grocery stores hadn't heard of doing reveals in this way, and gave me a lot of push back about coloring the inside of the cake blue or pink.  After being encouraged to consider some different places by my family, I stopped by the Swiss Bakery to ask about their options.As soon as I told them I was interested in a reveal cake, they said "oh we've done those!" and I was instantly relieved.  The logistics of ordering a cake (one that was a surprise to us too) was a little challenging, but they were very flexible and seemed just as excited about the process as we were.  Picking up the cake went without a hitch - it was ready on time and the cake itself was so adorable and even cuter than I expected.  The cake was delicious and the reveal went off perfectly.  I'm so grateful to the Swiss Bakery - they exceeded my expectations and I wouldn't hesitate to get any special occasion cake from them.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,8/14/2013,84,1122,5,8,7>Congratulations to Jeremy & Sarah on a spectacular opening day for your NanoBrewery.I think every beer drinker in PWC was there to check out the opening day brews.Check out their web site to read more of the history of how this brewery came to be.It's an interesting story and like most small business, begins with a vision and involves  a tale that sounds like a long and winding road.Jeremy was very quick to say that had it not been for Sarah, the dream would never have come to be.They are a real nice couple, Sarah went to business school and has a very warm and genuine smile. Jeremy seems really excited about the opportunity to showcase all of the different brew recipes he's developed over the last 15 years.There is something for everyone here; you can get a pint glass a 4 ounce sampler or a growler to go.The idea is to rotate the brews and bring back those that seem to be the most popular for extended stays.It's a small place with a sofa and a few stools. On this day, the line was out the door and down the sidewalk and maybe 30 to 40 people deep the two hours I was there.They had a lot of help on the first day, Casey checking ID's and stamping everyone's hand...both hands...with the wolf paw. A myriad of helpers in their BadWolf tee's selling wolf ware and answeing questions.I met a nice couple named Ryan and Brittany who were on their first date and seemed really excited about being out for the opening event.Ryan caught the attention of Jeremy and called him over and we all listened as he explained the differences between the beers. I tried the Saison which was very good. The was an IPA, the McCloud - There Can Be Only One and the Very Brown Ale. Jeremy gave us a short tour and we got a 'behind the scenes' look at the operation, nice to know that he has a very sophistcated water filtration system.He says he loves to brew and drink the beer he brews...he wants to share it with everyone else. Lucky Ryan wins the drawing for the high speed go cart track.I highly recommend  to subscribe to their Tweet...craft beer @ BadWolf. This brewery  is getting more popular....daily.I've got a feeling the BadWolf Pack wil be growing.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,8/13/2013,418,262,2,9,8>I'll let you in on a secret.  Song Que's best item is not their boba drink or banh mi, but their Vietnamese yogurt (da ua) in the refrigerated section.  Vietnamese yogurt is made with active cultures and condensed milk.  Silky smooth, semi-tart, and semi-sweet, it tastes like an unfrozen version of original tart frozen yogurt.  Delicious beyond belief and the best $1.50 you'll ever spend.I am deducting a star because the wait is always very long here whether you have ordered eight items or one.  Moreover, the prices of the boba drinks are soon approaching $4, which is really unacceptable considering they are $2.50 on the west coast.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2013,8/12/2013,129,171,5,5,6>The Pike continues to grow with options and we, the greater Pike Tribe of South Arlington, welcome Red Rocks with open arms and hearts.  I like the interior, the ambiance, the way the place is set up, and the bar is a great place to graze.  They have tvs for sports viewing if that's your thing, and the staff are extremely friendly and attentive.  While their dinner is cool, I'm a bigger fan of their brunch offerings.  While they don't offer bottomless mimosas, they do offer your first one for $5.99 and each additional at $.99, which is pretty damn close.  Technically, it might even be a better deal than some places that charge the $15 or whatever for bottomless.  It really depends on how much you drink I suppose.My favorite brunch item there would be the breakfast panini, with goat cheese, avocado, egg, and bacon.  It comes with home fries, or as I like to refer to them as, the best home fries you can get on the Pike.  Everyone knows that home fries are serious business, everyone, so when you find the best within walking distance to your place it's kind of a big deal.  On the weekends the bartender is Rob, nice guy, who is extremely accommodating.  He even ran out the door to catch us after a friend left her phone at the bar.  Why only 4 stars instead of 5? Well, I'm not a huge fan of their pizza.  That might be my own fault though as I just expected the crust to be much more crispy than it actually is.  It's still pretty good though.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,8/11/2013,66,170,3,9,7>Love Glory Days!  It's one of our "go-to" places when we feel like relaxing, hanging out, or having a great burger.  Monday nights all of their burgers are $5.55, Tuesday nights they have a hot dog special, and I think Wednesdays are Wing Nights.  After 9 p.m., most of their appetizers are at the special price of $5.We've been coming here since my son was little (he's now 18).  They used to have a crane machine that he spent much of my hard earned money on, but it was a nice family night and still is.  Every square inch of wall space is taken up with TVs, so don't expect a lot of peace and quiet.  It's a sports bar, but feels more like a family-friendly mom and pop place.  I don't think I've ever had a bad meal here.  The chicken Philly sandwich is terrific, and the burgers I mentioned are juicy and satisfying.  Some of their newer menu items are great too -- soft pretzels with crab dip, "rippers" (grilled hot dogs), and soft pretzel sticks with mustard sauce -- are some of the best.  Their crab cake is sensational, and don't forget to try their cornbread with honey butter.  Both are phenomenal.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,7/29/2013,237,274,,5,4>Met a friend here for happy hour and really didn't know what to expect. This place is in a very nondescript building, but don't be deceived. I was unexpectedly impressed with Iris Lounge. We sat at the bar, ordered a couple drinks and a small bite from the happy hour menu.We ended up trying the Spicy Chicken Roulade. The chicken filling had a nice balance of flavor with only a slight kick and a delicate crispiness. So for those who can't really take spicy food, not to worry because it's not really that spicy.Overall, the food and service were pretty good. This place had a fun vibe with great happy hour specials. It happened to be salsa night, so it was fun to watch some of the salsa dancing. It's a place I would definitely return to for happy hour if I was in the neighborhood.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,7/28/2013,27,180,4,8,5>Hubby took a day off yesterday, & since so many reviewers here commented on how crowded this place is, we figured a Monday afternoon would be a perfect time to give it a try sans crowds.  And we were right.Arrived a little early, so were the first ones through the door at opening time (3:30 p.m. - this location isn't open for lunch, unfortunately) & were seated immediately.  Décor is appropriately New England-seashore themed - lots of buoys, lobster traps, etc., etc. - without being kitschy.  Our echoed conversation did make us think that when full/busy, this place probably gets quite loud.  My iced tea ($2.75 with free refills) & hubby's water arrived immediately, along with a basket of warm sweet mini corn muffins & softened butter.  Very tasty.Started out by sharing an appetizer of "Fried Calamari" ($9.50).  A HUGE mound of tiny meltingly-tender perfectly batter-fried rings served on a bed of Remoulade sauce.  The portion could easily serve one person as a meal, & we were glad we opted to share it.For entrees, since The Washington Post recently had a blurb on how absolutely fabulous the "Fish & Chips" ($15.00) were, that's what hubby ordered, being a big F&C fan.  Three large thick hand-cut pieces of Cod, perfectly batter-fried - crispy & greaseless.  Served with tartar sauce, ketchup, a mound of addictive shoestring fries & a small bowl of fresh house-made chopped cole slaw tweaked with just a touch of fresh tarragon. (Malt vinegar was already present on every table.)I of course had to order my hands-down favorite fried seafood dish - "Fried Oysters" ($18.00).  Eight large fresh extra-plump batter-fried beauties PERFECTLY cooked - as in "just" cooked through, but not raw.  Same addictive fries, cole slaw, & ketchup, but instead of tartar sauce, I was given that delightful Remoulade sauce, but this time assertively spiked with heat.Both dishes were served in adorable metal weave baskets with ceramic cups set in holders on each end - one for sauce; one for ketchup - & lined with parchment paper printed with seafood stuff.  And no chintzy cutlery here.  You could easily kill someone just by lobbing a piece - lol!!Normally we're not dessert folks, but I'm a whore for Crème Brulee ($7), so was eyeing that.  Since the portions here are more than ample, & I was already quite full, we decided to split one.  It was SO good, that next time there is NO way I'm sharing - lol!  Light luscious custard with just a hint of Grand Marnier, topped with a perfect crackly sugar crust & a few large fresh red raspberries.Service was uber friendly & attentive without being cloying.  Only very slight con was that it was a "little" too quick, as in we were still enjoying our appetizer when our meals were delivered, & were asked a few times if we wanted dishes removed while we  were still eating.  Perhaps this is a carry-over from the fact that the place is normally packed to the gills.Bottom line:  $54.86 with tax but before tip & worth every single penny.  We'll DEFINITELY be back, & are already wishing it was closer than an hour's drive for us.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2013,7/27/2013,77,138,2,4,3>A newbie, I bought a 3 class package for $45, and am just writing this review after completing the 3rd class.  At my first class, I felt welcomed, was well-informed on what to expect before and after, and comfortable.  My form is pretty terrible and Amy did correct me a few times but I appreciated that and noticed that the improvements in form made a big difference.  I still, after 3 classes, don't have form down but I can see a slight difference in my legs and I know it's a great workout from the soreness I feel after.  For the reviewer that posted that Amy was rude, I find that very hard to believe and people who  feel like they are being "called out" probably shouldn't do this type of workout.  Do a pilates video in the privacy of your own home or something.   You get corrections in these classes because they're specialized and paying attention to you, and at $15-$18 per class depending on what package you buy, you're paying for it.From having done 2 of Amy's classes, the beginner and barre 60, I recommend starting out with Amy, but you don't have to start with the Beginner (it's nice to though if you can).  I don't know Barre but I felt like her class was more traditional.  I loved my 3rd class with Amanda because it was different but it was a lot more challenging for me.  I really like that the class with Amanda wasn't the exact same as Amy's.  The whole reason I chose Barre instead of a Les Mills class at the gym is so that the classes can vary from instructor to instructor and I won't get bored.Also, space is very important to me and they plan out the class sizes perfectly.  I'm sure they could squeeze in a couple more people but they (so far) don't compromise my comfort and workout space to do so.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,7/26/2013,5,60,,22,5>Being a native Hong Konger, I think it might be useful for me to clarify a few things here, especially for those who are wondering how A&J compares to the Hong Kong-style dim sum lunches."Dim sum" is a generic term for Chinese small dishes (or Chinese tapas for those who are looking for a Western analogy).  Dim sum can be served for breakfast, brunch, or lunch.  Rarely for dinner but not impossible.  Dim sum is served all week long, and is not necessarily limited to the weekends except here in the States for some restaurants.      People pushing carts around is the more dated mode of service, but even back in the 80's - and especially in the higher-end restaurants - some switched over to a la carte orders as opposed to having a bunch of ladies pushing carts around and calling things out.  It saved them a lot of space and manpower too.  Point is - if you don't see carts, don't dismiss the experience as being not authentic.  Now, onto A&J's -- the reason why it's different is that most dim sum restaurants in the U.S. are doing Hong Kong style dim sum, which means those offerings are predominantly Southern Chinese -- especially Cantonese.  A&J's menu, on the other hand, is focused on Northern Chinese and Taiwanese dishes.  It's still dim sum, but just a different regional variety.  So how is A&J?  The biggest selling point - as other reviewers have noted - is its authenticity.  I can take my parents here and they won't complain that it's Americanized.  They do certain things very well -- for example, the dough on most of the deep fried stuff is flakey and crispy.  Most dishes are also flavored appropriately, but I have had a few that were either too heavy-handed or too bland.  In terms of overall execution, I think it would be considered somewhere in the grade B range.  They do a decent job, but their food is certainly not gourmet, or considered the best that Chinese cooking can offer.  I wouldn't ask them to cater a major reception or party, for example, but I would enjoy inviting friends and family here for a casual meal.      Hope that helps provide a good frame of reference.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,7/25/2013,62,98,2,7,3>RIP Ray's Hell Burger. My discovery of Ray's to the Third has helped ease the pain of my loss.A combination of the late Ray's Hell Burger, Ray's the Steaks, and Nice N' Greasy Steak N' Cheesy, Ray's to the Third has something for everyone. Fried Chicken sandwiches, filet mignon, steak and cheese sandwiches, the famous hell burgers, and even boozy milkshakes.The restaurant is half waiter service and half counter service. We sat in the waiter service half. We ordered the small size of the steak and cheese (which was still huge!) w/ tater tots, the sirloin skewers, lobster Mac and Cheese, and the Cookie Monster (Baileys ice cream w/ Oreos). Everything was phenomenal, especially the lobster mac and cheese. My only regret is not ordering one of the classic hell burgers. Next time!Tip: They validate parking in the garage on North Pierce Street, but only that parking garage. So make sure to park there!
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,7/24/2013,17,143,,6,1>I eat here every week and you should do. Consistant flavors, good prices, and tasty. I posted a pic of the menu, front and back - order from that, don't even try to use their web site.  It's in a tiny shopping center near the corner of Pershing and Washington. If you're heading down Pershing toward Arlington Blvd, it's on the right after you cross over Washington. Turn right into the second parking lot. I always get the vegetable samosa with chole. Nice size, flaky, a little spicy, with a dollop of chole on top. Use some of the green sauce on it. The butter chicken isn't adventurous I know, but it's savory, tender, and deelish. I also get the baingan bharta - silky roasted eggplant in some kinda sauce, a little spicy and very good. The accompanying rice is good too.Call ahead and pick up in 15-20 mins.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,7/23/2013,149,205,3,10,7>"Don't judge a book by its cover." -- AnonFrom the parking lot, I worried that I just blew it. (We were celebrating a friend's successful employment, and I suggested Fettoosh). Same vibe when we enter the humble, intimate restaurant. We approached the counter and the cashier could tell we were going to have to think about it, so he kindly gave us some paper menus to make it easier on us. From there on, everything was great and I realized I had judged Fettoosh too quickly!We had the Fettoosh appetizer (yelp.com/biz_photos/fett…), lentil soup, lamb with prunes (yelp.com/biz_photos/fett…), and couscous with lamb (yelp.com/biz_photos/fett…). Everything was very tasty (and like typical Moroccan food, had a "sweet" flavor). And the meals were HUGE, particularly the couscous. You're basically bound to have leftovers (which is nice :))And to top everything off, one of the food preparers hooked us up with some Moroccan mint tea (!) probably because it was the end of the night and they were going to have to get rid of it anyways. Regardless, it was a nice surprise and delight.Definitely one of the best Moroccan joints I've been to. Tasty, affordable, and plentiful!
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,7/22/2013,103,279,,4,4>When we relocated to the Springfield area, we were excited to be near one of his favorite Vietnamese restaurants from years ago. Unfortunately, Pho Cong Ly Backlick Road had closed up shop and left before we were able to move in. Imagine my delight when driving to Annandale I noticed a Pho Cong Ly sign in another shopping center off Braddock Road. We scoped it out last week as I was in dire need of pho. True to his memory, the cha gio (fried spring rolls) were still top notch. The goi cuon (summer rolls) rice paper rolls were too wet and breaking apart. Tasty, but broken. Hey, it was 8:30 and they close at 9. I've learned not to expect the best when folks are trying to close up for the night. Their pho was OK, but per usual Pho 75 is still the winner. We'll definitely be back for other dishes as it's closer than trekking to Eden Center for other prepared dishes when I don't want to cook. It appears as though they've adopted a new management style, which means a sparkling restaurant, merchandise (Cha Gio T-shirts, anyone?) and credit card machines FTW.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,7/21/2013,192,253,3,8,4>I picked up a 10 class pass for $35 on Groupon. For the mathematically challenged, that's $3.50 per class. A steal!Now that I'm expecting, I've switched to prenatal yoga. The instructors do a nice job explaining the poses and offering additional modifications to the already modified prenatal yoga exercises. I'd say this qualifies as a moderate workout. It's certainly not simple movements that focus on flow and breathing, but it's not power yoga either. They mainly emphasize movements involving lunges, squats, and balances techniques. Currently, there are classes at noon on Sunday and 6:30 on Thursday. I believe there's also one in the morning on Wednesday. You register online for the classes, or you can walk in. Sunday classes seem more crowded than Thursdays. In addition to the bolsters, blocks, blankets, and straps you need for prenatal, they offer mats if you don't have one. One bonus: free parking in the lot which is always seems pretty empty. Look for the Long and Foster building and head up to the 3rd floor.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,7/20/2013,303,378,6,11,7>Finally got myself over to Sushi Yoshi after passing on chances throughout the years, and let me tell you, you're not going to find anything much more authentic than this.The size of Sushi Yoshi lends itself better to small groups or individuals, so be prepared to reserve or wait. I came in on a Sunday lunch (Easter actually), and I was promptly seated at the sushi bar with other patrons. The first thing that I noticed was that there were actually a good number of Japanese customers here! That is a great sign. The head sushi chef behind the bar is Yoshi himself, and it was cool to see him and his staff creating some amazing-looking dishes.I already knew that I wanted the chirashi from the stories my friends had told me. It is legendary status really. I told my waitress that's what I wanted, and she promptly brought out some green tea as well.The chirashi comes out on two plates - the rice portion and the fish plate. The fish is your standard cuts of tuna, salmon, whitefish, and some seared fish as well. The kicker is the squid strips on there! The fish all tasted very fresh and clean. They were cut into just the right size as well to let you enjoy the flavor of the fish without overwhelming your palate in one bite.Now, the rice plate is really something. Never have I seen something as pretty as this in the States. A large bed of sushi rice (read: vinegar-ed) with tremendous amounts of finely julienned snow peas, ginger, tamago, ebi (shrimp), a piece of cooked fish (maybe unagi), pickled radish, carrot, cubes of marinated radish, sun-dried tomato, lotus root, sprouts, and a cube of roasted pork. Whew. So many delicate flavors going on in that bit, it really was incredible. The rice was perfect, the ebi was sweet and cooked just right, the tamago had a soft texture with a hit of sweetness, the tomato had a subtle herbal taste, the roast pork had a deep soy flavor, and the julienned vegetables on top offsets the softer texture of the rice and fish with a nice crunch.Really, I cannot get over the finesse and layers of flavor in the chirashi. For lunchtime, it is a complete steal at $14 (after tax).Yoshi-san, you have won me over.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,7/5/2014,202,406,2,8,5>Myanmar Restaurant, as its' name suggest, specializes in Burmese cuisine. Now, disclaimer, I have never had Burmese food before and I had no idea what to expect. However, my Dad had eaten here previously and recommended that our family try this place. Being that my family is fairly adventurous when it comes to food, we (myself included) figured why not give it a try. Myanmar is a small family owned restaurant, it is located in a strip mall that I hadn't been to before (not saying that I've been to every strip mall in Fairfax but I've seen my share). Inside, the restaurant is bright and clean and you are greeted by the friendly staff. They didn't have too many people working on the day we went, so it took a few minutes to get our order placed. It also took a few minutes for us to decide what we wanted. On to the important part of the review, the food. This is what we ordered: Fried Fish Cakes, Squash Fritters, Mango Salad, Chicken Coconut Curry, Pork Tamarind, and Lemongrass Beef. The food was delicious. Burmese food seems similar to Thai food in terms of spiciness and flavors. They have many dishes with curry influences and they use a variety of spices. Everything is shared, family style, so we all got to try the dishes. Plus, they give you spoons to eat rice with! Which, if you're Filipino, you'd probably understand how excited I was! I highly recommend all of the dishes we tried, but especially the Mango Salad and Chicken Coconut Curry. They were my favorites. The food is good and they pair it with good service. You get the feeling that you are eating in someone's home. Which, at the end of the day, is a great thing.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,7/4/2014,418,262,4,11,9>This was my first Bosnian food experience and it was quite lovely. I was planning on ordering the famous cevapcici, but after learning the same meat is used to make their Bosnian burger, I opted for that since it'd be easier to eat. The patty is in between the same housemade bread offered as appetizer; fluffy and telera-like. There was also a sour cream and feta sauce that accompanied it. Raw tomatoes and raw onions on the side for optional garnish. The meat of the burger was 100% beef -- very moist and flavorful. I would order this again, but will try the cevapcici if I am in the mood for finger food. My dining companions ordered their tilapia salad and shrimp salad and enjoyed both. Service is decent. They will not issue more than one bill here, but will take multiple cards.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,7/3/2014,60,108,3,9,7>Yummy!So this place is located in Burke/Springfield.  In the same shopping center as the Shoppers Food Warehouse, One Life Gym, and the Dollar Tree.  What is up with these froyo places opening up or starting business right next to a gym?  Every gym I visit or go to, there is a froyo place in the same lot.  I see what you guys are trying to do!!!  My brother was telling me about Milkberry because his friend is the owner.  He said they have tons of flavors and topping choices and its really yummy.  Ok, so tell me something I don't know about a froyo place.  I had to remind him that I live within walking distance of a Sweetfrog.  So why would I go the extra few miles right?  Aren't these froyo places the same?  I mean hello???  Maybe he was just being biased because I mean it was HIS friend after all who opened up this joint.  Well, he finally brought me a to go cup from Milkberry because I refused to go.  He knows what I like and got me a mix of salted caramel froyo and cake batter froyo.  I look inside and was mad.  WHERE ARE MY DAMN TOPPINGS????  My mochi, peanut butter sauce, nutella, and reeces PB cup pieces.  Yes, this is why I'm fat.  Anyway, yeah...where are my toppings?  He said that the froyo is so good that I don't need any.  Um, yeah right.  The toppings are the best part of said froyo experience.  WIth a pout I try the froyo.  To my surprise, it was actually really delicious!  Even without my favorite toppings.  I love me some salted caramel anything so for them to have this flavor was like heaven!  I've tried salted caramel from other froyo places and it wasn't as good which is why I never got it again.  But it's so good from this place that I went back a few days later to get the same salted caramel/cake batter combination.  This time I added my mochi pieces because I love those.  But nothing else was needed.  Did I mention the spoons here?  They change colors!  When it hits the cold yogurt it changes colors then goes back to original color when it gets warm again.  How cool is that? (yeah it doesn't take much to impress me).  I've only been here three times and all three times only got the salted caramel and cake batter flavors.  My god daughter loves the cotton candy and cake batter swirl.  My mom is kind of boring and only gets the original tart.  My brother loves the cake batter and red velvet.  Try it for yourself.  But hint.....SALTED CARAMEL!!!!  =)  Happy froyo-ing!FYI:  Check in on Facebook and get an additional 10% off!
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,7/2/2014,53,115,4,10,7>Really impressive sushi rolls. They are humungous! All delicious and unique. Some are even wrapped in tofu skin or cucumber instead of seaweed. Just looking at them on the plate will make your mouth water!+ Mermaid Roll - This thing is a meal in itself. Deep-fried soft shell crab, deep-fried crab meat, ripe mango, topped with spicy lobster and tobiko. Tons of texture and sooo tasty *see pic* I have to thank Hee L. on this one - her own pic made me want to order this lol+ 2008 Roll - Spicy tuna and eel wrapped in sweet soft tofu skin. Don't knock it till you've tried it!+ Crazy Tuna Roll - Spicy tuna topped with a savory black pepper tunaTheir deep-fried soft shell crab appetizer and tempura are also really great. And the bf enjoyed his crispy shredded beef entree as well. And don't forget dessert! The Tempura Cheesecake is amazing!Interior is very modern and clean. Booths are nice and spacious. Even the bathrooms are gorgeous!  And service is pretty attentive. 5 stars for Kumo!
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,7/1/2014,180,1695,8,10,12>I absolutely LOOOOVE the ajummas here - they always take care of us when we dine in.  Gom Ba Woo is literally one of our most favorite restaurants in the area, as all the food we've ordered tastes like it was prepared by your mama or your grandmama.  I highly suggest the following:+Bindehdduk (ground mung beans with scallions, kimchi, and peppers, pancake-style, all crisply fried with a side of lovely soy sauce with scallions/sesame seeds sauce to dip it in)+Gom Ba Woo ssulungtang (beef bone broth with rice, sliced beef, and noodles; don't forget to add the dadaegi (kimchi paste to spice it up), sliced scallions, and the course salt to season it up!)+Maemil bibimgooksoo (just recently had this! cold buckwheat noodles with lettuce, cucumbers, all in a spicy red sauce - tasty, spicy, and refreshing)+L.A. galbi (great marinade, juicy, savory, and all cut-up for you at the table)Their ggakduki is also well-fermented, and I love their refreshing cold boricha (barley tea; they also have the hot version).  I love the decor, and they have K-drama playing on the TVs with English subtitles (for those who are interested).  Check them out! :D
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,6/30/2014,520,1346,8,12,9>A-Town.  Where do I even start?I've been for brunch, lunch (multiple times), happy hour (multiple times), and dinner.  I refuse to go late-night, so that's not an issue.  At all times, service was fantastic and I couldn't have been happier.Brunch:  A-Town is a party brunch.  Which means the food is awful, but the drinks keep flowing, the music gets louder, and the crowd gets wilder.  I was here for my birthday brunch, because I really, really wanted to see what it was like.  I had a great time.  Yes, the food was not great, but I went for the party.Lunch and Dinner:  If you've only been to brunch, you would think there's no other reason to visit, based on the food.  You'd be wrong.  The lunch and dinner options are actually really great.  The roast chicken option changes a bit, but I've gone with that at lunch before, and it's always been good.  I need to get there to try the chicken sandwich and fries.  Also, the maki rolls are huge and good.  It's not the greatest, but it's fresh and well-made  Recently, at dinner, I chose the fried chicken and had sides of broccoli and mac and cheese.  The fried chicken was excellent, better than the one I had at an un-named farm-to-table restaurant in DC.  It was tender, with a crisp, flavorful coating.  Mac and cheese was delicious.  My friend enjoyed her fajitas that night, as well.Happy hour: I've not eaten during happy hour and my mixed drinks have varied in strength, but tend to be strong, which is appreciated.  Prices are very reasonable.  It does get crowded though, so get there early, especially on a Thursday or Friday.Bathroom is small, so that's a con.  Also, it is popular and very loud.  However, I do need to return for lunch, and I want to partake in hookah on the patio.  A-Town is definitely a good option.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,6/29/2014,260,347,7,14,8>Total madness but I find myself here almost every weekend (bad shopping habit). I've been rollin' with Tysons since the JC Penny days...damnn I just took it waaaaay back. Before the movie theatre and that whole section pass where H&M is. I use to hate Tysons, thought it was the worst mall ever until they built the new section. That section added on not only added new stores and restaurants but added more customers. Tysons use to be dead. I'm talking you can run around the mall and not bump into anyone. Now a days you just reach inside your back pockets and you accidently touch the person behind you. Tons of options for anyone from Nordstroms, LL Bean, Urban Outfitters and Old Navy. This is probably one of the best malls I've ever been to. Food options are endless too, from Seasons 52, La Madeline to Charlie Chengs, you have alot of choices. Everything is clean, from restaurants to bathrooms. For a shopaholic, this place is awesome. To anyone who hates malls, you do not, I repeat do not want to even attempt this place. The total chaos of just finding parking can make a very calm person go crazy. Then leaving the mall with so much traffic may make you yell at everyone. Avoid weekends, come weekdays probably like 10 am to 10:05 am is the best. Just kidding, it's not that bad but weekdays are great if you want a little less crowdedness.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2014,6/28/2014,122,406,7,10,10>After several visits over the past few months, I still love T'Kila. I am absolutely addicted to their tableside guacamole (spicy) and the nachos with steak. I seriously think I would benefit from some 12-step program to wean myself from ordering these particular things so I could try different items from the menu. I had every intention this last visit until one of the servers walked past with a plate of those nachos. One look at the delicious pile of fresh tortilla chips topped with black bean puree, tender steak, tomatoes, jalapenos, crema and some of the most flavorful cheese sauce I have ever tasted and I just had to have them.My husband was able to resist and try one of the newer menu items. He ordered the burger - a nice size patty cooked to order topped with avocado, lettuce, tomato, chipotle aioli and served with ancho chili fries. The burger was very flavorful and juicy, while the bun held up well to the toppings. The fries were thick, well seasoned and just the right amount of crispy. All in all a decent burger.A few things have changed over the months I have been visiting. The salsa recipe has changed - it now has a wonderful smoky flavor which I really enjoy. The selection of tequilas has grown and they carry I would guess nearly 80 different tequilas to include very high end selections such as Don Julio REAL. The menu has expanded to include more varieties of tacos, enchiladas and the burger my husband enjoyed so much this last visit.Many things haven't changed - the décor (which I can overlook), the quality of the food which is still outstanding and the friendly and accommodating owner and staff. Happy hour is still a fantastic deal and runs from 4:00 - 9:00 every day, but Sunday. Margaritas are as outstanding as ever.My only criticism - this last visit was a Friday evening and the place was really busy. Every seat at the bar was taken and the restaurant itself was full. Service seemed just a bit disorganized as if they were not prepared for the rush. No problem for us as we were not in a rush and had already been served. However, the ladies seated next to us at the bar had to wait quite a few minutes to order their drinks and commented a few times "I'm parched". T'Kila is a wonderful family owned establishment that I will continue to support, but they could benefit from perhaps an additional bartender to help with the rush on the very busy nights.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2014,6/27/2014,232,240,9,15,12>For once, I wish a place were a little further from my home. I place Mom's Apple Pie at least five days a week traveling to work and/or school, and after my first trip I have found it incredibly difficult to not stop by for a sweet treat. It's really becoming a problem. I'm sure it won't be long until I'm getting the, "Hi CeCe! Welcome back (again). The usual?" by the staff. Ugh...my poor waistline!So far I've tried a variety of their pies, a few of their pastries, and their latte. Below I've broken down what I've had the pleasure to try...Caffeine: Latte: 3.5 stars. Not a terrible latte - not sour or bitter - but a little weak for my taste.Sweet nibbles:Hot Cross Bun: 2 stars. Only available in spring! Kind of strange pastry with an intense flavor of black pepper. The flavor can be confused with cardamon, but after further inspection of the bun, one can very clearly see specks of cracked black pepper. This is an acquired taste, I'm sure. I was kind of turned off by it.Almond Biscotti. 5 stars. This biscotti was such a nice change from the overpoweringly almond extract flavored, break your teeth hard biscotti one gets at most bakeries. This was more like a crumbly cookie with a bunch of blanched almonds in it. So yummy! Very messy though, so beware if you're eating it in your car. You'll be vacuuming crumbs for quite a while the next time you wash your car.Pies:Butter Pecan Apple Crumb: 4.5 stars. This is an almost perfect rendition of a Southern apple crumb pie. The only deduction I have is my personal preference of apple(s) would have been a mixture of sour and sweet, not just sweet. Coconut Custard: 1 stars. This was really disappointing to me. After all the other great pies I'd tried from Mom's Apple Pie, I thought there was no way I'd ever get one worthy of 1 star. Sadly, I was wrong. The crust was soggy and had separated from the filling, which reminded me of overcooked eggs. Also, the amount of shredded coconut in the filling was very unappealing. Way too much! It only made the texture worse, but didn't actually provide much coconut flavor. Fail. :(Lemon Chess: 5 stars. Yum. Wonderful balance of sweet, tart, and butter. The sticky, lemony filling surprisingly had corn meal in it, which added a nice addition of texture and flavor. It's difficult to do the awesomeness of this pie justice in writing. I recommend you just go and experience it for yourself.Strawberry Rhubarb Crumb: 2 stars. This pie would have been perfect have it not had a grassy, unripe strawberry flavor, which was only overpowered be the extreme tartness of the rhubarb. The pastry chefs at Mom's Apple Pie probably need to do some tasting and tweeking of this recipe!Blackberry: 5 stars. Plain and simple blackberry pie. No frills, no fowls. Very well done. Pecan: 4.5 stars. Another home run for Mom's Apple Pie. If I didn't refuse to rate a pecan pie other than my own with 5 stars, this one would be boasting the badge. One bite of this was not enough when I got a slice of it on my last visit. Although I had intended to share it, it all ended up in my belly....Ooops!Go to Mom's Apple Pie! There aren't too many places in the DC area which can supply you with such an authentic Southern experience. Both the sweet treats and staff make you feel right at home, and have you hook after just one visit. :)
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2014,6/26/2014,421,454,13,20,14>Dear At Kaiser's-The Austrian Gasthaus,As you can see, I've given you 4 stars.  Yes, the food and the service were quite good.  However...I must ding you for this --- Nowhere on line could I find your menu!  You have a website but it says, and I quote, "Something cool is going to happen here!"  That's fine and all, but can it happen sooner rather than later?  You have a Facebook page and I see that you are very responsive when it comes to posters.  Due to a photo on your FB page I was able to get the proper name of your pumpkin soup.  However...nowhere did I see a menu!  Other websites mention your restaurant...but...are you detecting a theme here yet?  No menu!  My husband and I like to look at menus online to see if we would like to try the food at a restaurant.  Yet, since you have such good reviews on Yelp and by reading them, I was able to glean some info.  So...we took a chance.  Okay, rant over and now on to the review!We got here on a Saturday around 5 p.m.  Upon entering, we weren't sure what to do.  Do we seat ourselves or does someone seat us?  Within a couple of minutes, a woman greeted and seated us.  We had sometime to look over the drink menu so by the time our server arrived, we knew what we wanted to drink.  She took our drink orders---I had a soda while my husband had a Steigle beer.  He liked this beer and said it was a lager and wasn't too strong.When our drinks arrived, we knew what we wanted to order.  We started out with a pretzel which comes with 2 flavored cream cheeses --- 1 pumpkin and 1 paprika.  The pretzel was great!  It was warm, flavorful and the amount of salt was just right.  The cream cheeses were very mildly flavored.  I liked that there were a few toasted pumpkin seeds on the pumpkin one.   Both complimented the pretzel very well.Next we decided  to try the creamy pumpkin soup with Styrian pumpkin oil.  This soup was uniquely presented as it was served in canning jars complete with a lid.  What a nice soup!  It was perfect for a cold January night!  It was thin yet tasty.  Pumpkin isn't very strong tasting as a rule but we enjoyed the mild flavor.For my main course, I ordered the trout.  This dish comes with 2 trout fillets.  To be honest, I would have been happy if it only had one.  It also had a generous portion of sauteed zucchini and tomatoes plus some small boiled potatoes with parsley.  The trout was nicely sauteed and not a bone was found anywhere which sometimes happens as trout isn't easy to fillet.  The veggie mix was well seasoned and tasty.  The potatoes were cooked enough so they weren't dried out.  Yet, I was too full to finish everything on my plate!My husband had the wurst platter and chose bratwurst for his entree.  This dish comes with sauerkraut and fried potatoes.  The bratwurst was huge!  It also had a side of mustard which my husband said was strongly flavored.  The sauerkraut was well done as it wasn't so sour as to make your mouth pucker.  The fried potatoes were also well done, not dried out and with good flavoring.  My husband really enjoyed his meal.  He even had room to eat some of my potatoes when I got full!Needless to say, we didn't have room for dessert!  One drawback --- the kitchen was on the slow side, yet not so slow as to be annoying.  Before the tip, dinner cost $61 + change.  Yes, we'll be back.  Our server recommended that we try the goulash soup next time.  I asked her if having it would be like having a meal.  She said that it didn't have too much meat in it so it would work well as a first course.Do give this place a try!  It's nice to see an Austrian restaurant out here in suburbia.  Let's hope that they finally put a menu online---that, I'm sure, will bring in more customers!
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,3/22/2013,75,257,5,8,5>Holy yum!!Thanks to Yelp (and especially MacRae), husband and I swung through here one day for breakfast and I, personally can't wait to go back,  I must admit to geographical ignorance - I had to look up Eritrea having never even heard of it before.  We both know we like Ethiopian food, though, and are always up for something new so we had to give it a shot and, wow, am I glad we did.I was randomly in the mood for waffles so got one here and, while light and tasty, it clearly isn't what you should come here for. Husband got the egg with tomato (can't remember the name) which was fantastic!  I'm lucky I got a few bites in and would totally come back for it.  Just thinking about it makes me want to put my shoes on and go get some.  Savory, a little spicy, just super yummy.  We also got the traditional baked porridge dish to try.  Interesting mix of flavours and very, very dense, it was delicious.  It definitely took two of us to tackle it and you carry it around with you for the rest of the morning - but in a good way.  It would be a perfect pre-hike breakfast.  THis is not the place to come if you're in a large group or a hurry.  It's quite small and they take their time making you your food, which is absolutely worth the wait.  Staff is incredibly friendly.  Relax and enjoy the comfortable atmosphere.With plenty of vegetarian options, we'll be back for more breakfast as well as to try some lunch/dinner options.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/1/2013,3/21/2013,42,64,4,5,5>The basics:  Pizzeria joint in a Centreville strip mallWhat you need to know:  This review is only for the pizza and mozzarella sticks Pizza is a mainstay of my diet (no Atkins for me!).  And I cannot say I am an expert on the presentation, quality or authenticity of pizza pies.  Chicago style or New York style? This is of no importance to me.  What is important is that I am a devotee of mounds of cheese and sauce placed on chewy, crispy crusts.  I actually enjoyed my cheese pizza at Ciro's.  It was hot, melty, greasy and delicious.  In my book, you can never have too much cheese or sauce ( just have plenty of napkins on hand to mop up the inevitable mess!) And the mozzarella sticks were of considerable size and width, just right!  Now, I can add Ciro's to my mental database of where to appease my longings for melty goodness!
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,3/19/2013,133,89,2,8,6>Just a couple days ago, I was searching around for a different thai place to go other than Panisa in Burke, VA. ThaiBox actually popped up with great reviews. I booked marked it and today I was feeling something spicy. The place is rather small with approximately 24 chairs next to a korean restaurant. The server was very nice and attentive. Her English was perfect and her Thai was even better. No matter if you are an American or Thai, she should be able to direct you to the dish that you want. The menu of their thai dishes are not big mostly the more popular noodle/well known Thai dishes. After ordering the appetizers, I've realized that they really live up to their type of food. I was more sure when the entrees came. The food was delicious... although it is NOT AUTHENTIC... BUT ... i LOVE it. I've been looking around for a while for a place that has exotic kicks to it and I've found it. CONCLUSION: if you want AUTHENTIC Thai, this isnt the place for you. BUT if you want a change and try Thai with Cajun kicks, hurry here because you will not be disappointed :)
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,3/18/2013,210,261,6,11,8>Hubby and I are now regulars at Pho Aura. Its sorta like our neighborhood Cheers only a Vietnamese version of it!   Although I'm half Vietnamese, I'm not very adventurous in trying new and exotic food. I'm also half Italian but know more about being Italian than I do Vietnamese any day.  Somehow Pho Aura is getting me to come outta my shell a bit more!I love that the menu is written in such a way that the English description is very descriptive about the dish your about to order.  There have been so many times Ive been to Pho places and the English translation of what your about to order, just doesn't seem that descriptive. Then your find yourself hoping that you actually like what you think you just ordered!  LOL!!!  Not so here!  Everything has a great English explanation so the oblivious people like myself feel a bit more comfortable in what we just ordered! So instead of my usual, I tried 2 new dishes.  The shaking beef dish and the chicken and stir fried vegetables with brown garlic sauce off the Inspired Elements portion of the menu.  I was a little worried ordering something I wasn't familiar with, but the waiter assured me I was make the "right" decision and the descriptions seemed clear, so I decided to go for it. I am sooo very happy Ive decided to be a bit more adventurous.  The Shaking Beef was amazing!  They offer it in a flank steak or a filet type cut and its served cube style with a bed full of green vegetables.  The beef is both sweet and salty and quite possibly my new favorite beef dish.  It is served with rice and I poured the sauce over it, and it was by far the best beef dish Ive ever had.  The chicken and vegetable dish was also fantastic.  It was served with a ton of different veggies with a ginger brown sauce, which I also smothered the rice with and it too was amazing. I highly recommend trying Pho Aura for more than just the Pho.  The food in my opinion has ushered me into a new era of food happiness and delightful surprise with each new item I try!
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/3/2012,3/17/2013,259,273,4,4,4>***3.5 stars***Larb is my new favorite Thai dish.  I had never even noticed it on a menu until we went to Hawaii and now I can't stop eating it everywhere!  The word itself sounds like it'd be a curse word or some other kind of unmentionable, like I'm glad I don't know what the translation is, but I'm glad I know what it translates to in a food dish.The restaurant and bar at Sang Jun are striking.  I didn't look at the seating area upstairs, though if the street level is any indication, I'm sure it's quite nice as well.  There are plenty of tables along the windows downstairs and a long bar where you can order food and/or drinks (they do have a liquor license now).  Brianna and I sat at the bar and were waited on by both a waiter and the bar staff.  I love that the bar is wide enough to have a full meal and is in an L shape so you can steal the two corner seats and have the space of sitting at a table while still being close enough to talk.  We opted for two starters -- the larb and green papaya salad -- and the panang curry with fried tofu and veggies for the main.  Props to Brianna for keeping us at least a little healthy; now if only I could get her portion sizes down and stop licking my plate everywhere I go.  I could tell all three of our dishes had potential, but there was an overall lack of flavor, like they'd left out all spice and the remnants of flavor that were left were incomplete.  We were never asked if we wanted it mild (and certainly would not have agreed to such a thing!) and both of the apps had the little chili beside them on the menu indicating "spicy"...so why were they both so bland?  Certainly wasn't what I was expecting after reading a couple of the reviews that said things were hot hot hot.  The panang curry was average, though the fried tofu was done quite nicely.  The curry came with rice too, which is a nice touch...it's always so annoying when they charge extra just because they know they can.Sang Jun is just a baby step above average and I'm sure if I were to find myself there again I could specify my desired level of heat, but it's disappointing that they've already dumbed down their flavor for the "white folk" and that the result is only good enough.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,3/16/2013,162,152,2,4,4>3.5 starsThe pho here is pretty good. The broth is flavorful and you get a lot of meat.  My go-to is steak and meatballs. They also offer other Vietnamese dishes which pleases my husband. He got the vermicilli with lemongrass chicken.  Service could be better. The food came out fairly quickly, but they forgot about my husband's tea and they never brought me the dipping bowl I asked for.  it's the best pho place right near me, soo I'll be back.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,3/15/2013,27,180,,4,5>Well, yesterday was my birthday, & since I hadn't dined in an Indian restaurant in DECADES (although I do cook it at home), we decided to try this spot thanks to all of the excellent reviews here on Yelp.  However, I should have taken the time to read more, because while the food was spot-on delicious - we 1) didn't realize it was soft drinks only, & we'd wanted a celebratory libation, & 2) that there was parking in the rear - we had an extremely difficult time squeezing into what looked like the only tiny little slanted parking spot left in the front.  They really should have a sign that additional parking is available out back, as well as more lighting out front.  It was quite dark & spooky, especially with what looks like an abandoned falling-apart cottage directly next door, the "Days Inn" beyond that notwithstanding.  As another reviewer mentioned, this is definitely NOT one of the better areas of Manassas, which can be a bit offputting - especially at night.The place is also a good deal smaller than it appears on their website (where the heck do they ever squeeze in a "buffet"?).  And the lighting in the main dining room is extremely bright.  I don't like dining in the dark, but the ambience here would be so much nicer if they dimmed the lights a little.  The Indian-style décor aside, the atmosphere was rather reminiscent of a local pizza parlor.  The feeling was confirmed when our beverages (one water; one ice tea ($2) w/ free refills) were served in plastic tumblers with straws.  Strange, since the food is served on nice slanted square white porcelain plates & in white porcelain ramekins & bowls; & the large white linen napkins are decoratively folded.  Surely they could invest in some decent inexpensive glassware?We had made a 6 p.m. reservation (their website suggests that weekend diners should make reservations a week in advance?), but found only 7 tables occupied, so were seated immediately.  (Out of those 7 tables, at least 4 were Indian patrons who all seemed to know the staff - always a good sign.)  Menus need some refurbishment.  Plastic-coated, but heavily stained.  Need replacement or a good scrub..  Started with the "Garlic Shrimps" ($9) & "Keema Samosas" ($4) - 6 spicy perfectly-cooked large shrimp in a creamy, chili-spiked sauce, & ground goat with green peas in 2  tender flaky pastry triangles.  Both were very flavorful, & I was pleased that the goat was actually goat (it wouldn't have been the first time that "goat" advertised in a restaurant turned out to be "lamb").Then moved on to "Murgh Tikka" ($13) for hubby - spicy bite-size pieces of juicy, tender, seasoned white-meat chicken  cooked in the tandoor , & "Lamb Vindaloo" ($13) for me - lean, tender lamb & potato cubes in an extra-spicy Vindaloo curry sauce. Both dishes were served over molded mounds of delicious Indian-spiced Basmati rice, with small side salads, & an extra-spicy dish of Daal (creamy yellow lentils topped with a drizzle of extra-hot chili oil).To share, we also ordered a side of "Palak Paneer" ($8) (spiced pureed spinach with cubes of Indian-style fresh cheese), which is a favorite of mine, "Vegetable Raita" ($3),  as well as plain Naan bread ($2). The Raita was the sole disappointment.  Stated as "A choice of finely chopped onions, tomatoes, cucumbers, and boiled potato chunks in yogurt, flavored with roasted cumin and coriander powder", it was plain watery yogurt with perhaps a few stray shreds of cucumber.  Nothing else was apparent.  It was also served in a tiny little teacup-size dish - I expected a larger portion, even for just $3.  The Naan (one), of course had also been cooked in the tandoor, & was authentically thin, wonderful, & HUGE..Dessert? Hubby had the "Home-Made Kulfi" ($4) - a sort of Indian ice cream that they'd molded around a small skewer & drizzled with both chocolate & fruit sauces, as well as crushed pistachios. I enjoyed my favorite Indian dessert, the "Rasmalai" ($5) - 2 soft disks of fresh Indian cheese in a sweet heavy cream sauce & also sprinkled with crushed pistachios.Portions weren't large by any stretch, but adequate if one orders several dishes.  We left full, but not overly stuffed.  Service was - as many others have already stated - a bit on the slow side.  I'd hate to be there when the place is full up.  There were 3 gentlemen working the room, 2 of which could've been owners/managers.  They were a bit difficult to understand (all 3 of them served us at one point or another), but were pleasant enough, & seemed appreciative when we praised the food.  Bill after tax but before tip:  $66.15.Bottom line:  Very good food with reasonable prices, if a little bit lacking in atmosphere & service.  We'll return again for that "very good food".
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,3/14/2013,7,17,,12,12>The atmosphere is a bit lacking at Haandi, and the strip mall location doesn't inspire confidence (although it makes for easy parking), but the food is terrific.  On a Friday night, this place was definitely hopping and my wife and I had to wait about 15 minutes for a table.  Not bad, and definitely a testament to how good this place is.  The food is "basic" Indian, so mostly Punjabi/Central Indian.  If you want more spicy vegetarian, southern Indian food, this isn't your place.  Their naan is fantastic, particularly, the garlic naan.  I went with the chicken tikka.  The chicken itself was cooked perfectly and was high quality.  My only issue was that it seemed a bit "Americanized" so it wasn't spicy at all.  My wife went with a lamb dish and had the same issue.  Again, the food was great, we just wanted something a bit spicier.  We definitely plan to go back though, particularly since they do takeout.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/29/2013,3/13/2013,110,282,11,12,11>Filipino Journal, entry #2,365, December 20, 2012, one day before the end of the world. This was to be the last lunch before earth would implode on itself. I saw in advance an item on the menu that intrigued the pinoy part of me: Filipino Style Chicken Wings 'Adobo' (and pretty much the most expensive appetizer they have, btw).I told the server that I was Filipino and that I would be judging that one dish as harshly as the East German judge would the uneven bars in the Olympics. He was confident it would pass muster, citing their world famous chef and blah blah blah. Yet secretly, I wanted these wings to succeed. It did not.Womp womp wooooomp. These wings are NOT Filipino adobo style at all. No wonder 'adobo' was in quotations on the menu. Damn you, quotation marks! The wings are deep fried, with a crispy skin sweetened by something, I don't what it is. Meanwhile, the essential elements of the Filipino adobo style are in ramekins, one for soy sauce and one with vinegar and cucumber. To get even a semblance, a whiff of a neighborhood called 'adobo' you would have to dip the chicken wings in both ramekins. Sigh. So, what you really have is a deconstructed Filipino style adobo.Fast forward to the other stuff: stuff was good. My entree was the Portuguese Fish Stew. Pretty good, bruh. And the desserts are excellent-- my fave was the upside down pineapple thingie. Not so bad for my last meal before the world ended.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,3/12/2013,740,1110,2,6,5>I loved my visit here. I came here on a date this past Saturday night.I had never had Peruvian food. I wanted to try something different so how appropriate to go to a Peruvian establishment with a native Peruvian man. I was in for a treat. La Granja de Oro is a mix of both a restaurant, bar, and entertainment with a band and a dance floor for salsa dancing. We utilized all of them.We started out with drinks called Pisco Sours. It is a type of Peruvian brandy with egg whites and bitters. Amazingly good and possibly my new favorite drink. If you haven't had it, you need to try it! Next we moved on to dinner. He ordered for me and got me Lomo Saltado. I guess that is a very common dish since I see a lot of people in the other reviews write about it. To remind you, it is steak with onions, bell peppers, fried sweet potatoes in a soy based sauce. It is so wonderful and tasty. I had leftovers for two meals. I was thoroughly impressed. A meal that had my name all over it. Usually I hate peppers and onions, but I ate them anyway because it was so good! After a couple of drinks we headed out to the dance floor. The Rumba Kings were singing classic rumba and salsa songs where everyone was having a blast twirling and dancing around. I for one love salsa dancing and was glad to have had the chance to get back into it. It has been awhile since I had gotten the chance to do it.Service was great. She checked in on it and was really nice. She spoke to him in Spanish and talked to me in English.I had a fabulous time and am strongly considering having my birthday here.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,10/18/2014,53,115,5,7,7>Although I love their lattes and cute mini mousse desserts and cheesecake, it's the FOOD here that really wins me over!The Mango Chicken Salad is delicious. Ripe juicy mangoes, well-seasoned grilled chicken, and the yummiest melt-in-your mouth garlic toast on the side. (I save the garlic toast for last because it's the best. freaking. part). Generously portioned and nicely presented *see pic.*The Bulgogi Kimbap is great to share as an appetizer. I'm impressed by the lean moist bulgogi meat, and how much of it there is. Little rice, lots of sweet bulgogi, egg, and veggies.And they even have decent ramen! The Miso Ramen broth may taste light to those who love rich and hearty broths. But I still found the soup to be quite tasty, more so than I've found with ramen at some sushi establishments. Thick and chewy noodles, pork, boiled egg, spinach and bean sprouts . I'll take it for $8!The yummy desserts (seriously, try the cheesecake!) coffee, teas, and wine are just an added bonus to the simple but satisfying lunch and dinner options you can get here at a reasonable price!
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2014,10/17/2014,438,299,8,10,10>It's that building you pass all the time and you didn't realize you can go inside it nor know what it's really about.I can't tell you how many times I passed by it before I finally made my way inside. From your long winding approach up to the monument you can see that the grounds are immaculately kept. I didn't even realize that they sometimes have events held here. To see and learn more about the monument you're able to take a tour for a very reasonable price as well. I believe it was $8 at the time I went. Once you get with your tour guide you go up several floors and learn about the history of inside the building and the history of freemasonry which George Washington was a part of. Inside there are a lot of historical items, paintings and lots of neat things. One of the highlights to me was that you could also go up higher in the building and go outside and get some pretty decent views of Alexandria. All in all definitely worth the visit and there is parking too!
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2014,10/16/2014,122,406,5,11,7>I have to be honest. I was skeptical about dining here - lots of mixed Yelp reviews, storefront in a strip mall in Manassas plus I am not a fan of crawfish, but we were meeting friends for dinner and wanted to try something different. This was central to both our homes so we decided to meet here. I cannot speak to the authenticity of the food at Lagniappe On the Bayou. I can however say that we all thoroughly enjoyed our meals. We started with an appetizer sampler - alligator bites, boudin balls and fried shrimp. While all three were  good, the alligator was my favorite. The fried breading was light and not the least bit greasy. The alligator was tender and juicy. It was delicious especially dipped in the spicy Cajun sauce. There was plenty for the four of us to share in this appetizer.For dinner I was debating between the jambalaya and gumbo. The bartender recommended the jambalaya without hesitation so I went with that. Plus my husband ordered the gumbo so I got to try both anyway! Both dishes were tasty - not as spicy as I would like, but totally understandable and plenty of hot sauce available to spice things up as you like. My only criticism - I would have liked a bit more Andouille in both dishes. Our friends ordered the crawfish boil and a crawfish po'boy. I have never seen so many crawfish on a platter as what came with that boil. My jambalaya and my friends po'boy each came with a side - fried okra it was. This too was lightly breaded and not the least bit greasy. Every meal we ordered was more than enough food. What's a meal like this without a nice cold beer? I was happy to see Abita Turbo Dog on draft as well as Purple Haze. In fact, they seem to carry the whole line of Abita beers. My friend (not a beer fan) ordered a rum and coke - apparently the bartender had a generous pour as she needed more coke to lighten the drink. This is not a bad thing.Prices were very reasonable. This was one of the cheapest nights out we've had in awhile. I really debated between 3 stars and 4, but the friendly service and the fact that the owner took the time to ask and listen to our opinions about the restaurant and food took this to 4 stars. If it were not such a long drive, I would definitely stop in on occasion. Great family owned place with a casual feel and tasty food. Loved looking at all the pictures around the restaurant as well.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,10/15/2014,260,347,4,9,9>So I really hated that I cheated on Sully Cafe for breakfast which is down the street from this place but damn it was good! This restaurant is located behind the Dulles Expo center right off of Sullyfield Circle. It's a small place with a couple of tables inside. Brian (owner?) greeted me immediately with a friendly smile. There was a good selection of subs, sandwiches, breakfast foods (6am-11am) and even salads. It was very hard to choose because I saw a big sign for a bulgogi sub but I really wanted to try the breakfast. Ah decisions, decisions. I ended up with the steak and cheese (added onions) omelette that also comes with homefries and toast. The omelette combo was about $5, definitely worth it! It had a heaping amount of thinly sliced strips of steak, lots of onions and cheesy goodness. The homefries were my favorite though, not sure what they are seasoned with but it was delicious. Food is made to order and everything on the menu looked good, especially the sound of a bulgogi sub...yum! Great place for a quick breakfast or lunch meal that has awesome prices. The best part is they deliver for free but $10 minimum, which is reasonable but might be hard to do since most of the items are under $10. Will be back soon!
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,10/14/2014,60,108,6,11,11>Yes, this by far is the best Pho in the DMV area in my opinion. I've had the Pho 75 in Rosslyn also, but this location is closer so I come here.  You KNOW you come a lot when you come in, you are seated, and your drinks are already brought out and your order is already put in.  Yes, this is the place I come to EVERY week.  It's our go to post work out meal.  Afterall, what way to make up for the calories burned during an intense work out?  Gotta make it up with Pho!  At Pho 75!  =)I've tried all the other Pho's near by (think Pho 50--no!  Do yourself a favor and walk across the street and come here, and even Pho Sate--again, no!  I'm also not a fan of that sate sauce).  Do NOT let the looks of this place deceive you.  Yes, it's pretty much a hole in the wall and once you enter, it's like being in a cheap cafeteria.  You order your drinks and your Pho.  The servers drop everything off and you will most likely never see them again unless you flag them down for refills or what not.  But they are very quick.Now, onto the Pho.  Like I said, I have tried most all the Pho places in the DMV area.  They are plentiful with the portions.  Plenty of meat and noodles.  Most other places will skimp on the meat and load up on noodles.  Some people are fine with that.  But gimme my meat!  =)  The broth also has that authentic taste to it.  Tastes like the Pho my friend's mom used to make us (and yes, she said it takes an entire day to make the broth).  Note:  They only have Pho here.  No spring rolls, no other stuff.  And cash only!!!  Bring cash.  If you are not into Pho, then there is the Bahn Mi place right next door.  I've seen a lot of people who don't eat Pho get bahn mi's and come over and eat that while their friend/spouse/family member enjoys the Pho.  This place does not get mad if you bring other food in so long as someone in your party gets Pho.  They also have homemade desserts.  (Go to the back and find it in the big cooler/refrigerator).  A rice pudding with beans which my mother loves.  A sweet corn pudding with tapioca and also a banana tapioca pudding.  If you get any of these desserts (which are all delicious by the way), go to the front and ask them to top it off with coconut milk.  Mix it thoroughly before you eat.  You're welcome!
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,10/13/2014,232,240,6,9,9>After my second and third trip to Salon Simis, and my forth pending, I feel the need to send a little more praise its way. It's been many (MANY) years since I maintained loyalty to a salon for this amount of time. In fact, I normally leave them after my first visit, swearing to never go back to a salon again. The prices are always too high, and the service is always too cheap. Thankfully, I've finally found a place that can live up to my expectations.It is amazing the amount of care Ahmet puts into each hair cut, color treatment, or any other service offered at the salon. He dotes on his clients as no other could. Not at any point does he make you feel as though you've been forgotten; figuratively and literally. Some of you might not totally relate to this, but I have experienced many times being left sitting somewhere in a salon, wondering where the hell my stylist had run off to. This can not only be frustrating, but also pretty scary, especially when you've had a very strong product applied to your hair prior to them disappearing. During each of my visits I was not left more than 10 minutes before being checked in on by Ahmet. I also still can't get over how at the end of each appointment, clients receive a, what I like to call, "Hollywood" blowout. Big, full bodied curls which make anyone look red carpet ready. It's save to say, this not the usual treatment one expects from a salon. I know Salon Simis is the first place I've had such VIP treatment. I can't wait for my next visit(s)! It's always such a pleasure being pampered at this amazing salon. :)
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2014,10/12/2014,237,274,5,7,4>I've been here once for drinks, but I finally checked out this place for dinner with a colleague and found the set up interesting. It reminded me of someone wearing a tuxedo t-shirt... classy but always ready to party. The downstairs area was a classic bar vibe with the chatter of the local professionals and upstairs was much, much quieter with a fine dining feel to it.I started my meal with the Octopus Ceviche which was an orchestra of grapefruit, cucumber, smoked jalapeno, and cilantro with perfectly cooked octopus that was incredibly tender. In my attempt to stay healthy, and keeping with the seafood theme, my entree was an artfully prepared Olive-crusted King Salmon that was served over a caponata of squash, eggplant, tomato and pine nuts. I finished my meal with a refreshing and palette cleansing trio of house-made sorbets - Coconut Curry, Strawberry/Earl Grey Tea, Rhubarb. The curry was definitely the most unique of the three, but all were pretty darn tasty.Overall, the food and service were excellent. "Tavern" is usually indicative of a casual, laid-back watering hole but don't let it fool you. They're churning out some incredibly classy food definitely worth returning for. This place would be great for date-night or some other special occasion. If you'd rather hang out with a cold brew, casual eats while making new friends, the downstairs area is great for that.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,10/11/2014,219,376,4,6,4>The food is exceptional here! I wish I came here sooner! I live about a mile away and can't believe I waited this long to try this place.Pad Thai noodles - ahhhhmazing! The noodles were on the skinny thinner side but it didn't deduct from the flavor and taste and I enjoyed every single bite. We ordered it with beef and it was good. Roasted duck in red curry - unbelievably great! Goes so great with that white rice it comes with. I immediately wanted to recreate this dish at home! The pineapple really makes this dish!My bf and I both shared these dishes. It's good to share between two people in my opinion. We even had Pad Thai leftovers. We washed down our food with Thai iced tea - a must when eating at Thai restaurants. It was delicious and incredible! I highly recommend this place! I will definitely be back!
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2014,10/10/2014,222,447,6,12,6>It's about time Woodbridge.  A decent seafood restaurant without having to leave Prince William county.  A million dollar renovation covers up the fact that this used to be the local club spot.  Well any way, on to the food review...The crab cake was very good, and I thoroughly enjoyed my salad with scallops on top.  Everything was cooked perfectly.  I liked the shrimp and crab fritters as well.  The restaurant is right near the bridge on the water, so its nice to view the boats.  The service was really good too.  I can't wait to return.4.4 Stars!
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,10/9/2014,195,115,5,7,7>I have to say I absolutely adore this place. When you come in here you actually feel like family. The waitstaff pay attention to what you want. They are quick to come to your table and greet you. They really polite. And when it comes to knowing the menu I have not met one member of the staff that cannot go into detail about anything on the menu, and they all love the food and are just as passionate about it. We have tried many dishes there. My mom had the chicken Alfredo, and although it was a simple Alfredo, it was rich and creamy and delicious! They didn't try to do anything different they kept the recipe traditional and the way it should be, delicious.I had the veal cannelloni with pink sauce and Oh My God it was absolutely amazing!! The mix of the herbs with the meat is absolutely phenomenal and the nice melty  cheese over top, there's just nothing more to say!! delicious!!Then there's the pizza well, we tried the pizza with the pink sauce on it and let me just say wow! Get a Quattro Formagi with pink sauce and you will never be the same!!! I don't think I can give you enough foodie words for this one ;-)Desserts... Too many to name! Cocktails... The Godfather II... It will knock your socks off! Nice fruity, powerful just like the ! They even have lemoncello for your after dinner sipper...!!!So get off your tukus and get out the Burke and try some of the best hidden food you'll ever find!!!
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,8/10/2013,136,144,3,6,6>Since separating from my other half (Ryan C.), I have come away with an absolute obsession for the Walking Dead comics.  He always bought them and now that I'm on my own I can't not know what's going on with Rick and Negan and Michonne!  I decided to pick up the latest issue and while looking for a place close to my work (near the Vienna metro), I came across this place. I was happy to see that it was close by and had such good ratings!Its a small place, pretty unassuming, but it has a huge selection of comics inside.  I went up to the front and asked for the latest issue of the Walking Dead (I'm pretty new to buying comics so I figured thats what I was supposed to do).  The guy standing there was super friendly and pointed me to the shelf holding them, saying he thought they were still in stock.  I grabbed one and while he rang me up he told me how the 100th issue flew off the shelves, which is good info to know.  I asked him about the free comic day and he also gave me more info on that; I was hoping it was a day where you could get any free comic you wanted but he informed me that it was specific comics being handed out for free.  We laughed about how awesome it would be if you could really pick any comic you wanted for free!  This place has a really positive vibe, and I look forward to going back and getting my next issue of Walking Dead. :D
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,8/8/2013,159,235,4,4,4>This is a sister restaurant to the one in Alexandria (Manchester Blvd) and the operating model is the same - BIG on presentation.  But wait - I think they do "big" even bigger here.   A Japanese person would probably feel uncomfortable and maybe even a little embarassed with the showy nature of the extravagant creations.  The food here is almost constructed like a florist would create a floral arrangement.I ordered a sashimi deluxe and boy was it.  The picture doesn't really do it justice, the thing is like two feet tall with a big fan and weeds and flowers eminating from all different directions on a glowing bed of ice.  I didn't know whether to eat it or do the "horse-riding dance" on it.  I just thought it was way too over the top for my taste.All that being said, the sashimi itself was fresh and really good and the service was on point.  The ambviance of the restaurant is really cool.  Check out the display case of Japanese artifacts in the foyer.  Trendy neon and modern features line the walls of the dining area and the sushi chefs are very professional.  The tables and seating area was immaculate and the bathrooms were spotless.All in all - Kumo in Herndon is an excellant place for suburbanites who want the American-expected presentation of Japanese cuisine.  To me it's like touring Japan on the Shinkansen without getting off - you get to see all the sights and they are wonderful, but you don't actually experience what's it's like on the street.  I still give them four stars though...because there's nothing wrong with liking that and the restaurant is very good at what they do.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2012,8/7/2013,36,154,3,4,5>Hey ladies, Again, I went back to On hair, yesterday, and I came back with fabulous hair! I brought my sister with me, and she got a cute short curly hair, and I got my hair straightened and keratin treatment (which I had never tried before..). And, my hair is so straight and silky - all guy's dream girl friend hair! :)  I just read JC's review, and I would say that my experience was nothing like that at all.  Because i had never done a keratin treatment, the stylist explained what it was and how to take care of it. The flat ironing part..,,anyone who's ever done this before knows "BEAUTY always come with a bit of pain!!" And, it really WASN'T BAD at all. The keratin treatment is a very labor intensive process, and I have a ton of hair :) They put a lot of effort in ironing my hair a thin layer at a time, and I was very impressed. As always, the salon was kept clean and staff were friendly. We got out of the Salon with feelin' good and lookin' good~ And we are definitely going back again.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,8/6/2013,61,154,2,3,3>I went to Pedro & Vinny's after seeing a few friends check in to here. I've walked pass this place many times, but never attempted to check it out on yelp. Once again I judged a book by its cover and never took a look inside. Boy was I wrong.As you walk closer to the little red trailer, the smell that this place was putting out was amazing. Upon entering as many has said, there are chips for you to try out the 4 different salsas. My favorite is the mango and peach salsa. It gives any burrito a sweet and lightly spicy taste. My final thought about Pedro & Vinny's is, it's good!! I live down the street so I defiantly will stop by again. The staff is super friendly and the burritos are DELICIOUS. Definitely check it out- now
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,8/4/2013,231,461,4,5,4>I have to admit, I am surprised this place doesn't have better reviews. This is only based on one experience though, but it was very pleasant. My wife and I wanted an inexpensive yet decent burger so we figured we would try this place. Every time we go to BGR we drop wayyyyyy to much money! This place is a totally different experience serving up a rather simple, yet tasty burger with some fries. My wife went wife a single patty with cheese, plain and I got a single patty, cheese, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, and jalapenos with chipotle sauce. Delicious!!! The only complaint I could have is that they were pickled jalapenos as opposed to fresh sliced as you would get at Five Guys. The difference in price was okay though. The fries were not as crispy as I would like but they were still tasty. We got a cup of cheese on the side and added some Old Bay to them. I also see people commenting on the size of the patty. I am slightly overweight and a single was just right for me. If you are pounding down a double, I hope you are very active! If not, you should probably cut back because that was a fairly big burger.All in all my wife and I had a great experience here. The fact that they do 20% military discounts is also awesome. We really enjoyed our meal and finished it off with an order of funnel cake fries. Just a 12 piece as that was just enough to cure the sweet tooth.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,8/3/2013,142,133,3,9,6>OK so my wife and I decided to go to this place on Sat. 05/04/13 and give it a try. This was the first time that we've been to a Alamo Drafthouse and let me say we were absolutely pleased.I know I gave this place a 5 star rating which it does deserve but I believe for my first time experience the overall rating was more like a 4.5 star rating. Now I'll explain why I feel the overall rating is a 4.5 star rating.First off, I would to like to the say that my wife and I didn't order any of their actual food items from the menu nor did we order any of there alcoholic beverages so I am unable to give a review of those items to my fellow Yelpers. (:-() All we ordered was a large popcorn and something to drink. So I am unable to give a it a complete review because I never tasted their food or alcoholic beverages.Now here is the second reason as to why I feel the Alamo Drafthouse is a 4.5 star rating. After receiving the popcorn and drink we began to eat the popcorn and drink our soda. Of course our drink was finished well before the movie started so being a good customer and following the rules of the Drafthouse I wrote on the order ticket that a refill was needed on our soda and placed the order ticket in the proper location for the server to read which he did in no time. Here lies the problem, the server read that order ticket 10 or 15 minutes before the movie started and we didn't receive our drink until about 5 to 10 minutes after the movie started. I believe that was an absurd amount of time to wait for a drink. I think that is unacceptable especially because it was a drink and not food.Those were my only two gripes for giving this place an overall rating of 4.5 stars but the actual rating is 5 stars.Even though our refill took forever to come, this time I will just blame that on this place being new and the employees are still trying to get accustomed to how the process works so I won't ding Alamo to much. Also I won't ding them too much for me not ordering any actual food or alcoholic beverages. But my wife and I were going out to eat after wards so we didn't want to order much.My wife and I had a great experience at the Alamo Drafthouse and enjoyed the concept of you not having to leave your seat while watching a movie in this establishment. So although I gave this place a 4.5 stars it deserves the actual rating of the 5 stars that I gave it. Now my wife is saying that now she can't go back to a regular movie theater after visiting Alamo for the first time. (:-D)One hint of advice you may want to order your tickets ahead of time if you want specific seats because these seats fill up quick. If you are in the area and looking for a good place to watch a movie then this place should be on the top of your list.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2013,8/2/2013,150,62,3,7,3>Nice little gem of an Indian restaurant, tucked away in one corner of Lotte. A decent menu with lots of options at a reasonable price. It is open early so on the weekends when all other India restaurants are closed this is a great place to enjoy an Indian breakfast snack like idly with sambar or other delicacies. They also seem to have a wide variety of pastries and also make cakes for all occasions including birthdays. I spoke to the owner of the restaurant who seems passionate about this place and he has over twenty years of experience in the business. It opened very recently and with more patrons and the owner's drive, should improve the variety of dishes offered including other snack items like samosa chat and bhel puri. Overall, quite a surprising find inside a grocery store!
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/10/2013,8/1/2013,26,84,2,2,2>I have a very middle of the road feeling about this place.  I'm digging the full bar and I know there's a lively crowd here after seeing them milling outside after 2am but I can't comment on how lively as I came to karaoke, and karaoke we did.  You know how you karaoke so much that by the end of the night you lost you voice and you question your sanity as to why you're singing Mmmbop by the Hanson Brothers.  Yeah, it happened and yes they have it on the menu.  The problem is the song menu wasn't as delectable as it should be.  It had the regular stuff but I'm always left wanting when I can't find Eve 6 or DMB or even a little bit of Fugees.  Oh wait, you say there is?  Well, I'll be damned, it would help if the menu had a sorted by Artist list also but alas, it lost a star on that.On a side note, they serve alcohol to your room and you can order food too just as any good karaoke cafe should.  Got battered and fried squid or was it octopus and chicken fingers which were decent as karaoke food goes and went down good with a little bit of Parokya ni Edgar playing.  Oh, did I mention these guys have a very small amount of songs from other nations which sure beats zero like at other karaoke bars.  I'm not sure if my one rendition of Harana is a saving grace for this spot but I know a bigger English menu would have been.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,7/31/2013,242,306,1,4,4>People were right. Best pho I've ever had. I just hate the line preventing me from eating sooner. It also took a longggg time to get our pho (also not fun when you need pho to cure New Year's ails). Cash only and pricey for the portion, but the broth makes up for that difference!Normally, way too far for me to go to get pho (and it still is -- I wouldn't make a purposeful 45 min drive out to pho 75).  Also, I tried my friend's pink jelly w/ tapioca in coconut. So refreshing! I love jelly and coconut. The tapioca wasn't my cup of tea though.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,7/30/2013,740,1110,3,4,5>I've been twice now with the little boy I babysit for on occasion. His family lives extremely close to BakeShop, so what better opportunity to take him there when he has good behavior.First visit I went he had good behavior until we showed up. He picked out his cupcake, then started running all over the small store not only harassing other patrons with his antics, but also ran behind the counter where the owner's mother was more than patient and tolerant of him. At that point, we had ordered the cupcake and he sat down to eat it. I got the banana cream pie sample that Kimberly V. had the night before at her Yelp event that I missed since I was under the weather. It was absolutely delish. Second visit was today. I struck a deal with the 4 year old that we would go if he could give me a perfect day of behavior. Apparently it worked because he was wonderful! He got the strawberry cupcake and I got the cinnamon and cream cheese one. Both equally decadent with perfect texture and flavor. I'd say BakeShop has its stuff together because we will be repeat visitors as long as my boy keeps his act together and doesn't try to run crazy in the store.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2012,1/27/2013,66,170,,8,3>Interesting beer and wine shop that specializes in unique offerings.  Very attractive shop, with friendly service.  The guy who helped us was very knowledgeable and tried hard to find the right product for each customer.  We were looking for a particular IPA that day, and he was able to find some of their ales.  Unfortunately, not the ones we were looking for, but we did find a few others worth trying.  I think it's unusual that they only seem to have one bottle of each type of beer, however.  Maybe there's more stock in the back?  You can mix and match and make a six-pack, which will give you a small discount on the cost.  I enjoyed coming here, and I'm pretty sure we'll be back when in the Gainesville area.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,1/26/2013,303,378,,4,1>Been here many times, and it's consistently good.Lighthouse is all about that cozy Korean experience - a jam-packed wooden dining room that's filled spicy soondubus and sizzling galbis. Really, you're here for comfort food, even if you are not Korean, like me. Nothing beats having a table filled with banchan, soups, and rice on a cold day. You might have to wait a little bit during busy hours, but it's worth it.The service here is on par with other Korean restaurants, not much else to say about it.The food is good. Not mindblowing, but like I said, it's consistent and hits the spot.Prices are awesome - you can get away with being REALLY full for under $20.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2012,1/25/2013,168,346,3,5,3>For lunch, I usually get the salad bar from Giant, but when I want something warm with my veggies, I stop here to grab some grub.  It's definitely a no frills place, but the food comes quickly, the chicken is moist, the green sauce is deliciously salty, and the white sauce is sweet and creamy.  Plus, they take credit cards which is awesome since I rarely have cash on me.  One thing that stinks about their location is that parking is tough during the lunch rush, but I've had good parking karma there so far (knock on wood).
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,1/24/2013,48,219,2,4,2>Hadn't been to Yechon in years (and almost never before 2am,) so I was pleasantly surprised to see they have some awesome lunch specials! There are a dozen meals for under $10. They always bring out banchan before your meal, so you won't go hungry. Plus, the sweet dessert drink thingy was nice. I'll upload a photo of the menu since I can't read Korean (yelp.com/biz_photos/yech…), but the lunch specials include various rice dishes and Korean soups with beef or squid or goat or whatever. You can find English language descriptions of the lunch specials on the regular menu, though the regular one lists them with just the dinner prices. I'll recommend ordering the galbi dolsot bibimbap; it's a vegetable and rice dish cooked in a claypot with egg and short ribs. Otherwise, just look at the pictures on the menu since everything is good in its own way. Some of the newer places may offer friendlier service, but the ambivalence of Yechon's staff to please just completes the experience of dining in a Korean restaurant.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2012,1/23/2013,67,229,3,5,4>5 stars on the basis of my burger alone, but I had to take 1 star off for a few reasons. The service seemed backed up even though there was no line. They got all 3 of our burgers and sides mixed up. The burgers were cooked inconsistently. One medium was cooked rare, another medium was cooked medium rare and the final medium rare was actually cooked medium rare. Comments on our burgers:-Big Punisher tasted excellent but wished they'd gotten the smaller size because burger was bigger than bun and unwieldy to eat. Skin on fries were just okay. -Big Poppa was good, but the bleu cheese taste overwhelmed and they couldn't taste the mushrooms or onions. Seven cheese mac side was excellent (I agreed. That's my side when I come here next time). -Dogcatcher was AMAZING. It was the best burger I've ever had. I want bone marrow on all my burgers now. Sweet potato fries were pretty good. I put some Old Bay seasoning on them and it made them better. The pineapple shake was just okay. Not very strong pineapple flavor. So, in closing, order the bone marrow burger and the seven cheese mac on the side.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2012,1/22/2013,234,142,3,6,6>at 9PM on a Thursday the restaurant was still packed with more people coming in. The walls are adorned with pictures of the likes of John Travolta, George Bush, and even PSY (Gangnam Style!) dining at their restaurant! MAN- sets the bar pretty high.I can't even begin to articulate the exceptional experience I had at Peking Gourmet. For starters, the hostess was incredibly friendly. (She was even given a hug by a patron leaving the restaurant and as he walked away she said ' I have no idea who that is!" Guess this means he had a great meal!!) We were seated fairly quickly even though the restaurant was still bustling with people. My main mission of the night : DUCK. Our family of 7 ordered 2 whole ducks and they were carved table side, brought out with cucumbers, hoison sauce, and other adornments. The service that  night made our family feel like rock stars. Table side duck carving, then the waiters prepare your first pancake for you. Everything is done with elegance. We also ordered the ginger root with shrimp (A MUST HAVE) and a pan fried noodle. Everything was amazing. I can never order duck at another restaurant and be satisfied, as Peking Gourmet is the Creme de la Creme, the Dom Perignon or the Bentley of duck preparation. AMAZING.MMM MMM- can't wait for my next trip back.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,1/21/2013,80,143,4,6,6>The night before I visited 2941 I went to another 'frou frou' restaurant where I dropped a small fortune on meat paste for dinner. I assumed this would be a similar experience.  I was WRONG.From the calamari starter to the pecan dessert I ate every bite and it was perfect. The food was presented beautifully and not overly 'messed with'. They didn't turn my my calamari into a gel tube or my lobster into a foam tower.  Everything was as it was meant to be.I applaud this place for having excellent, high-quality food that isn't overly cheffed up.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,1/19/2013,121,249,5,3,4>I suggest that you valet your car when you arrive or just let someone else drive completely. Do you all know what the meat sleeps are? Okay, lets begin. My wife had her birthday here a couple years ago and it was a very good experience (and a huge bill. totally worth it though). We've been back a few times since and each time the dining experience has been above average. There really isn't much to explain. You get a tag, you NEVER flip it over to red, guys bring quality meat out, you eat until you die or fall asleep. Ya'know? the American/Hawaiian way. My only suggestion is while you're at the salad bar if you're a professional eater grab an extra plate that will be strictly for meat
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/22/2012,1/18/2013,96,138,2,11,3>As an avid golfer, my concept of a driving range is simply a place to hit balls, work out kinks in my swing, and practice. TopGolf technically gives you all this, but honestly, you're here to socialize, drink beer, and mess around.Mess around. As in, there are targets for you to hit to, and each ball has tracking technology that is linked up to your own TopGolf card. Each ball that lands in a specific area of a target will show up on the small TV screen, and you can see how many points you got and how far the shot went. This can be useful to your golf game for a few reasons: accuracy and distance control. It can also equate to you trying too hard to get points, or getting points through luck (your ball rolls in, gets knocked in randomly).Hence, come here to have fun. Sure, one can practice, but one is here to have fun. Maybe practice at the same time. Use the time to socialize with friends, especially those who do not play golf, but try to get something out of it as well. Prices are a bit steeper than traditional driving ranges, but this is far from traditional.Service is awful, by the way. Takes forever to pay for your food/drinks. Food is pricey, and just simply not that good.Last note, the parking lot is disgustingly awful. Tiny. Took me over 20 minutes of stalking people down for a spot. DO NOT park across the street. THEY WILL TOW. This and the service/food/prices makes TopGolf a 3 for me.That is all.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,1/17/2013,25,158,,5,4>The best Mexican food I have ever had in my life. Finally a decent Mexican place in this area! Just to put things in perspective, I took an out-of-town friend here for the first time and after one meal he's thinking of moving here because he said it was the best meal he's ever had. Highlights:-The tacos, especially the pollo and al pastor (if you don't want to burn your tongue, DO NOT try the extra spicy yellow sauce served with these)-guacamole (fresh and satisfying)-queso fundito (my favorite thing ever)-carne asada with cactus salsa (pricey but generous portion and amazing flavor)-side of pinto beans cooked in beer and bacon-Mexican French toast dessert thing (heavy, rich and sweet)The salsas served with the basket of chips are a little meh, but they seem to be made fresh. I would have liked a chunkier fresh pico option in addition.This is my absolute new favorite restaurant.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2011,6/22/2012,68,3,10,18,10>BEST INDIAN CUISINE I'VE TRIED! Out of the body experience! Yes, I allowed the heat and spikes of spices envelop and cradle me. (Wait, Indians are known for karma sutra, right?) After dessert, I came back to reality and was shocked at how quickly the restaurant filled up.Below is what we ordered, all of which are highly recommended. One caveat: prepare to adjust your belt buckle!DRINKS- Flying Horse: Indian lager beer. Light and bubbly. Still bubbled in glass after 20 mins.- Apaltagua Pinot Noir, Chile: Balances/controls the spiciness. Creamy and smooth.APPETIZERS- Aam Palak Chat: Green mango, crisp spinach, tamarind tossed. Play on textures. The crisp spinach reminded me of the fried basil leaf garnish I've fell in love with years ago.- Garlic Naan: Freshly baked bread w/ chopped garlic and cilantro. Fluffy and thin (like crepes) w/ a perfect crisp. Even more flavorful w/ provided cilantro/mint/jalapeño purée.ENTREES- Chicken Tikka Marsala: Creamy tomato sauce & honey- Malabari Chicken: Coconut milk & curry leaves- Rosemary Naan: What a beautiful piece of humble bread. Went well w/ dipping.DESSERTS- Homemade mango sorbet: Great palate cleanser- Cottage cheese & pistachio pudding: Whhhhat? Yes! Not too sweet, just how I like it.If you're like me, initially you will feel goosebumps from the cold temperature. Suck it up until you order your entree b/c the spicy heat will warm you. If your mouth needs instant spicy palliation -- don't drink water, you'll only get full -- drink the red wine and/or order a side of cucumber yogurt to refresh your palate between each mesmerizing bite. Oh! And there's a super charming waiter named Kartik, who will make sure you leave happy. He provides superb customer service w/ fantastic recommendations.I can't wait to eat my leftovers... :O)
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2011,6/21/2012,399,466,5,15,4>Well it's another gloomy/cold/rainy day in NoVa so I decided to look for some soup spots.  After some Yelp research, I found Mama Wok and decided to try some Taiwanese beef noodle soup.  I can't say that I've ever had this dish before but from the pictures it looked damn good.  Taiwanese BNS is made from stewed beef brisket, beef broth, vegetables, and chinese noodles.  The broth was fantastic.....it had that dark beefy flavor that you crave.  The menu states that this dish is spicy however, don't be fooled, the spice is very mild.  For you spice lovers, you can ask them to make it extra spicy or you can modify your bowl with the spice dish they provide you.  The soup comes with tender beef brisket and tendon and is garnished with bok choy and crunchy pickled cabbage.  What made this dish was the beef.  The soft tendon wrapped around the beef gave such a great texture to the soup.  Gahhhhhhh!  The noodles are very thick and they give you lots of beef so it's very satisfying.  $8.95 per bowl and they only have one size.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,6/20/2012,48,219,2,8,5>Very happy there's a Loving Hut in Falls Church now. The dining area is overly sterile looking with the white tables, white floors, and white walls. The front counter also doubles as a bakery display with goodies like cupcakes and donuts from Vegan Treats. The restaurant menu is Vietnamese-inspired and 100% vegan. Pho was very good: rice noodles in a clear and flavorful vegetable broth with green onions. Yes, the soup tastes like pho. Sriracha, hoisin, jalepenos, bean sprouts, and basil were provided on the side.The broken rice plate with julienne soy and quiche (com tam bi cha) was similar in taste and texture to the pork version, which makes me believe all the other dishes could be almost perfect vegan iterations of the traditional dishes made in Eden. Not sure why we ordered spring rolls since vegan versions are available anywhere, but the golden nuggets were really satisfying... they taste like chicken. I think I also saw kids' menu options. I will probably visit again to pick up some banh mi and bubble tea later today. This is possibly my new, regular go-to Vietnamese eatery.Update: It's now open 7 days a week.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2011,6/19/2012,61,115,1,16,5>I just moved to Alexandria and after only a few weeks of classes, I have committed myself to going to Bikram Yoga Alexandria regularly. The facility is great, the people are friendly, and the instructors, including Jim, really get the most out of you. I am a dancer/dance instructor and am always looking for ways to keep my body happy and healthy, which Bikram Alexandria provides without question. I really appreciate Jim's no-nonsense personality - yes, he's somewhat brash and sarcastic (which I find entertaining), but also incredibly friendly, knows everyone's name, knows what he's doing, and really takes the time to help newcomers and give everyone corrections (I actually think he made corrections for about 75% of the very full class I went to this week). He placed me a few times to ensure I was doing the pose correctly, which I appreciate because I was probably doing it wrong. When it comes to exercise, I don't want someone soft and smiley and flowery - I need someone who is going to push me to do my best, and Jim does just that. As mentioned in other reviews, he is also very in tune with what you need - I saw him deliver drinks and ice packs to people who looked like they might soon collapse, without needing to ask for it. Also, for those complaining about the parking lot - it's a parking lot. If it's really a problem for you, you can ask an instructor (which they offer) or another patron to walk out with you. But as a mid-20s female, it doesn't scare me at all, so buck up. As for the complained-about Speedo - I don't know a single person who isn't stripped down to the bare minimum by the time class is over. And especially for someone who is teaching in that heat multiple times per day, I really can't say I blame him. Seems like people are just looking for something to complain about. Other perks (besides the revolutionary way it helps your mind and body): free popsicles after class, it's only $15 for a drop-in ($3-5 less than other places), first class is FREE for locals, and their membership and multi-class packages do NOT expire after a certain time (3 months, 6 months, 1 year, etc.) After doing hours of yoga studio research in the area, I have yet to find another studio that offers that.If you want a light work-out with minimal sweat and happy-go-lucky instructors who tell you how great you are, I wouldn't recommend this studio, as it is not for the faint of heart.  But if you're ready to work your mind and body in a revolutionary way, I highly suggest Bikram Alexandria.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2011,6/18/2012,82,173,12,7,6>You know those restaurants that spend absolutely zero money on outside appearance, interior design, tables/chairs, etc. but happen to have the best foods in town?To Sok Jib is that place for the Koreans in Northern Virginia. This truly defines what hole-in-the-wall restaurant look like. If you look up hole-in-the-wall restaurant in dictionary, you'll see picture of TSJ. For a small kitchen as TSJ, it comes with small private parking spots right front. The restaurant only has about 6 small tables, can't serve party more than 4 as there are no large tables nor combine tables. This is bad news for large gathering events. However, this is perfect for a cute couple to go and enjoy some serious authentic Korean entree.I highly doubt the servers speak English, it's a shame. I suggest you give me a call (ladies only) and we go together as I can order for you =)
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2012,6/17/2012,143,708,3,7,5>Though I've had lunch in this lovely old Victorian many times, I prefer it as a dinner venue. Distinctly different for it's setting, a beautiful old house, the restaurant is filled with soft lighting from sconces and valanced window treatments. There is an intimate dining mood about the place, but when full of guests, the rooms can get very noisy (which could be a problem for hearing impaired guests).The Caesar salad was simple, fresh and lightly dressed, but it was the spinach/veal raviolis in a fantastic sauce that made the meal for me! I would definitely recommend that as an entree. Foccaccio bread is always on the table for munching, and there are several chef's specials to choose from each evening. If you are planning on dessert you might want to pass on the luscious-sounding dark chocolate layer cake...too dry. However, if you happen to be a wine lover, there are multiple fine choices.Parking is just outside. I can't help but think this will be some romantic guy's destination for Valentine's Day.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,6/16/2012,195,532,4,7,7>4.5 starsI hate myself for taking so long to check out Pure Pasty but I finally put forth the effort to find it, and it was well worth it! It is located down an alley that goes between Church and Maple, though it's address is listed Church St. There is a sizable parking area by the alley so there's no need to fight for parking on Church.Pure Pasty makes handmade meat pies, not unlike the empenadas at Julia's in DC, only substantially better, in my opinion. They appear to have a pretty consistent menu, with a seasonal special. I went twice this weekend and both times the special was a Guiness and Beef pot pie. The selections I've had are the Moroccan Lamb, Cornish Masala, Chicken Provencal, and the pumpkin pie pasty. All the meat pasties were sizable, though a little expensive at $6 each ($3 for dessert). I would need a little more food than that for a meal, and while they do offer a selection of soups and dessert pasties, I might be hesitant to come here for a full meal. There are a few tables and stools, but most of the space is taken up by the massive pasty assembly line they have. One of my visits featured 5 people handrolling all of the pies, which was great to see how fresh they are!To me, the most notable aspect of the pasties are the dough. Buttery, flaky outside but chewy body, and so delicious. They are filled substantially with a fantastic combo of meats, fresh veggies, and spices, many of them having indian flavors. They are just all around delicious and fresh tasting. There are also a variety of British imports like sauces, candies, and snacks sold here.I'll be coming to Pure Pasty a lot more, but mostly for snacks or as a unique place to take out of towners. The food is delicious but $6 can get a bit steep, especially if you add on a dessert and/or drink and still leave slightly hungry.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2012,6/15/2012,110,193,4,7,7>In the Northern Virginia area, this is one of my family's favorite Chinese restaurants.  In fact, it's one of our favorite family get together restaurants period...regardless of ethnicity of the cuisine.  Part of that is obviously because the owners and staff speak Vietnamese and because many of the Chinese dishes have Vietnamese translation.  Another part of that is because my family is friends with one of the owners and we get a discount.But regardless of those reasons, I would love Full Kee as an objective foodie no matter what the situation.  I've been here many times with both friends and family, and we've always had incredible food.Just about everything on the menu is great, but some of my favorite dishes are the bean curd stuffed with minced shrimp and black bean sauce, the Full Kee specialty fried rice, and the whole fried fish.The restaurant is large and spacious and has a private back room for bigger parties and get togethers.  The staff are attentive and friendly.  And like I said before, the food is delicious!
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2011,6/14/2012,129,171,9,4,5>I like places that let you feel like you're at home.  Obviously, I'm talking within reason, not "Al put your hand down your pants Bundy" type of home, but instead if you mind your manners you can pretty much do what you want. An example of this is that one time an associate and myself set up shop there with a chess board and had a few beers, along with dinner.  While Galaxy Hut isn't always conducive for such things as it gets crowded on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday evenings, when it's not it's a great place to do so.Their menu is cheap but yet at the same time really good, I've had the burger and the grilled chicken sandwich there and both were quality items that I'd have again.  Sure, they have fries too, but they also have tots, and I love tots.  I'm sure you love tots too, if you don't.. then you must be.. A TERRORIST!!   but i digress...Another positive about this spot would be the the other customers, some places you go, like certain coffee shops, where the people are uptight and don't want to be bothered.  At Galaxy hut though the vibe is relaxed and very casual to where jiving with random folks isn't all that uncommon.Overall, it's a great spot and one I don't get back to nearly enough.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2011,6/13/2012,100,447,4,7,6>Finally got to try the authentic Sichuan hot pot at Uncle Liu's.  I didn't think it was overly expensive - it was under $45 for 2 people, including 2 Tsingtao beers, and our bellies were about to burst (we still didn't finish everything).  Likely, people probably order too many ingredients.We did the half and half - even though the "mild" broth isn't spicy at all.  It reminds me of a milky pork bone broth in traditional Korean and Japanese soups.  However, if your meat is already spiced, it's the broth to choose.  And it's good to use as the main part of the broth for little noodle soups in your bowl that you can create.We ordered the king trumpet mushrooms, pea shoots, noodles, meat dumplings, and spicy beef to cook in our broths.  The mushrooms and pea shoots weren't exactly listed like that on the menu, but we figured that's what they probably were and ended up being correct.  We were happy with all our choices, although I wish we had ordered a different meat.  It was a little too "velveted" with corn starch so that it was impossible to overcook.  No matter what, it was so soft and slippery that it dissolved in your mouth.  The best items were the little dumplings.  The meat was so juicy inside that they were almost like mini soup dumplings - they probably had more liquid in them than any large (10+ times the size) version trying to pass as xiao long bao in the DC area.The dipping sauce station is to the left of the buffet tables - they charge $1 per bowl that you mix yourself.  There is now English labeling on the sauces.  Be sure to include a scoop of the "Chinese bbq sauce" - our waitress advised that she always uses it because "she's Chinese".  Also don't go too heavy on the reddish miso (salty), instead using more peanut and sesame sauces.  The creaminess of the latter sauces are great when dipping spicy cooked ingredients in them; they also balance the salt level.Also, go ahead and admit it's your first time there, but you don't need to ask for help with the dipping sauces and especially the hot pot (unless you can't fish something out).  If you let them show you how to "do the hot pot", they will end up cooking an entire plateful of an ingredient at once, and then you're stuck with too much of one ingredient on/in your plate/bowl.  I like to do a little of this, a little of that, at a time - makes for a more enjoyable experience and also prevents items from getting cold.  However, DO ask for their recommended times to cook each of the ingredients.  I ended up cooking them for longer due to personal preference (I didn't order any seafood this time), but it gives you a good starting point if you need it.The spicy broth wasn't too spicy for me, but it definitely was "ma la" (from the numbing pepper). Yes, there is a lot of chili oil in the broths, but this is normal in Sichuan cooking.  Usually my stomach has issues from the spiciness and the oil, but even though we overate, we both surprisingly had no problems after eating hot pot - except having to drink lots of water later from the salt.  Finally, for a cool sensation, be sure to take sips of ice water throughout your meal.  Your tongue will get all super tingly :).
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2013,12/1/2013,157,256,11,10,11>Yesterday was Curry Mantra 3's grand opening! The Curry Mantra restaurants have quite a following, as there were tons of people lined up outside of the restaurant. The new restaurant is located in a shopping center with plenty of parking. Once inside, you'll note the attention to detail in the decor. The sparkling chandeliers, the pictures of influential Indians on the wall, the colorful glass tile, the luxurious window treatments -- all of it was gorgeous! Can I just say that I love the servers' uniforms here? Because I do. They wear a really nice bright blue tunic and black pants. It coordinated well with the restaurant's decor. So now let's talk food. The fiance and I had the MOST delectable butter chicken and chicken biryani! I was expecting the chicken biryani to be super spicy, but it had the right amount of spice and was very flavorful. I think you could probably get it spicier if you just like your esophagus set on fire. I'm not into that sort of thing. I must note that the butter chicken is on point here. The chicken itself is flavorful as is the sauce. I have seen far too many places relying on the sauce and not getting any flavor to the chicken. That's not the case here. Of course, we paired this with naan, which was cooked to perfection. For dessert, I recommend the kheer. In case you don't know, kheer is like rice pudding. I'd venture to say this is better than my grandmother's rice pudding (you better not tell her either!). Creamy, cool, subtle sweetness. It's a really great way to end a meal. Suffice to say I'm a fan and think you will be too. I like good Indian food. I like nice decor and good service. You can have all of that here. Curry Mantra is enjoyable not only because of the food, but because of the service. I love that everyone I encountered was personable and hospitable. You'll find that in each of the Curry Mantra restaurants.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,11/30/2013,453,107,9,11,6>I always said that if I died tomorrow that everyone could say at my funeral that I lived my life to the fullest w/out any regrests - NOT. That wasn't true until I tried the amazing steak burger I had here the other night.  After ready Charles H.'s review and seeing the description on the wall, I had to have it. I think what sold me was the mushrooms and YET I added bacon just to give me an extra heart attack.  Plus Bobby K. kept raving about the toasted marshmallow shake.  Those damn yelpers I tell you put something in your head and you gotta see and taste for yourself!  So, I get there right after shopping at Pentagon City and walk up to the register and see CoCo Sala Chocolate laying in front neatly packaged calling my name 'buy me, buy me, please'.  I ignore the temptation because in my head, I'm counting up the the 1,700+ calories I'm about to consume, so NO to  CoCo Sala Choc this time around. Anyway, got my burger and it was soooo good.  I almost wish I hadn't ordered the fries because it was taking away from my burger.  All the flavors were all mixed perfectly...from the cremini mushrooms to the swiss cheese and even the amazing bacon.  I will opt to do w/out the fries next time as I am a loyal fan of the ones at Cinco Hermanos.  So, to top it all off, I get the Toasted Marshmallow shake and the cashier assumes I want the large, REALLY?  A girl has to watch her figure, guess it does NOT Apply here.  Anyway, after the first slurp of this thick shake, I've died and gone to heaven.  It was that creamy goodness all wrapped up in one.  I took it to go and barely 1/2 mile down the road and I'm digging in the cup for the last drop of shake.  So, the cashier knew ME all along, that I should have gotten the large.  Sometimes a girl has to feel good about herself when she doesn't supersize, maximize or order the XL size option of  good/bad thing! What I realize after eating the burger and downing my shake...is this what dreams are made of  -- 'THE GOOD STUFF"?
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,11/29/2013,318,205,5,6,7>the people here are too flippin' nice. the owner is awesome and chats you up during the wait, and it's not tea party talk but he'll actually ask about family and share about his. very sincere! so far ive tried the chicken and rice; and the falafel. the portions are very generous. for example if you order the falafel box, it's not one sandwich but TWO! lunch. dinner. boom!the chicken and rice is my favorite. it comes with a generous portion of skewered, soft, tender chunks of chicken and lots of rice... along with salad, bread, and two sauces. of all the chicken spots, this is definitely my favorite!
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2013,11/28/2013,1080,358,5,5,5>Thanks to Bobby K's check in here a few days ago, I started having major cravings for empanadas. My ever-hungry tummy decided this place needed to be tried, ASAP. So off I went!Since my tummy also does not care what time it is, I rolled into Dulce's Bakery for empanadas at about 10:15am. As soon as I stepped into the bakery, I was welcomed with a "Good Morning!" and a big smile. After returning the gesture I spent  a minute taking a look around and glancing at the menu on the wall. As to not look like too much of a weirdo, I quickly told the nice lady behind the counter that I was a first-time customer. She then took the time to tell me about their most popular non-dessert offerings (beef, cheese and chorizo empanadas or saltenas). This was a great way to start my first impression of this place!Although there were some great lunch specials, I chose two 3-cheese and 1 chorizo empanadas. The cheese empanada was what I was really craving, but I'm a fan of chorizo as well, so why not? It took a few minutes to cook my order, but the wait was not long. Just enough time for me to take a better look around. The place is clean and pretty organized. The kitchen looked to be the same, at least what I could see through the open door. After getting my order packaged to go, the torture began. How I got through those long 5 miles back to my house with a truck filled with the delicious smells of those empanadas... I'll never know. It took sheer will that I didn't know I even possessed to get home without opening that package & devouring at least one! Yes, it smelled THAT GOOD!Finally at home, the act of eating could begin! I cut into each (pictures included here) to see what I was working with. I was excited to see that the meat empanada was totally filled with chorizo, potatoes, spices and other ingredients. The 3-cheese empanada on the other hand.... definitely lacking. As pictured, there was only a thin line of cheese in HALF of my beloved empanada :(  Definitely a disappointment in that aspect.Sad feelings aside, my tummy was still demanding satisfaction! You know, that whole "Feeeeeed meeeeeee Seymore!", routine. No? That's just me...? Anyway...Food went in mouth. Mouth and tummy were happy. The dough was warm, flaky, and oh-so-yummy! The chorizo filling was warm, filling and just enough spice. It reminded me of something that would be good comfort food on a cold day. The cheese filling, although lacking in the amount of cheese used, was still warm, melty, deliciousness. It just left me wanting MORE!The next time I'm in this part of Fairfax with a craving for empanadas, Dulce's will be on my radar for another try. But I'll also throw in a saltena and some sweets to round out my experience - and make tummy happy!
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,11/27/2013,102,270,1,11,4>***6 STARS***I would leave my boyfriend and our newly owned home in a heartbeat for Sylvia & Lan! j/k....but seriously they are amazing and I miss this place terribly. I lived less than a mile from this place for 4 years (2007 - 2011) and came here religiously every 2 weeks. Not only is the staff amazing but their prices are incredibly reasonable!!!! I can't find these prices anywhere now and I was making the 30 minute drive to this place but got tired of hit or miss traffic on GW parkway :/Manicures - I came here for the first time to get french manicures for a wedding and Sylvia was my nail technician. She convinced me to give Gel nails a try and I have been addicted ever since. They have a big selection of gel nail colors  with various brands - gelish, shellac, opi gelcolor etc...and the price is the best part. For only $25, you get a gel manicure that lasts at least 2 weeks. My nails would break pretty often and they have the best gel/glue that keeps my nails in tact for the entire 2 weeks. Sylvia takes her time, is hilarious, sweet, and does an AMAZING job. Pedicures - I love the massage chairs here!! They are so comfortable and have so many more settings than I have ever seen. There is a big screen connected to it for you to select your pressure, areas, type of massage etc...they obviously shelled out the big bucks for these impressive chairs. Thank you Lan! :) Sylvia is the only nail tech I have been to that was able to still do my pedicure perfectly with my massage chair set to the highest pressure possible. Other nail techs have asked me to kindly turn my chair off when they were ready to paint my toes. Everyone here is really friendly though.Haircut - Lan does such a great job at cutting my hair. She really takes time to listen to what you want, repeats it back, and communicates with you though the whole process. She is so patient and no wonder there is always a wait for her - she is so talented! The place is small. 3 pedicure stations, 3 nail stations, and 2 haircut stations so make sure to get an appointment! I held out on writing a review for so long because I didn't want everyone to steal Lan and Sylvia...but I knew I would have to let them go eventually :(
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,11/26/2013,487,282,1,9,7>I like fords....  You come here for seafood if you haven't guessed...OH! And a great selection of microbrews, always at least 8 on tap that aren't typical in the average restaurant.So far I have gone to both the Ashburn and south ring locations and I have to say that I've enjoyed my experience each time. Mondays are $1 oysters at both locations! Thank you heaven! The service is quite attentive, the waiters seems to all work together to keep glasses full and tables clean. The ambience and decor feels like an ole New England place just a little louder and quite crowded. I don't think I have ever went in and seen this place not packed. Get their signature lemonade if you are of age. You won't regret it and you won't taste the spirits. Win win! The tiny corn breads and butter are to die for and they don't mind bringing you more if you want them. Maine lobster tail broiled can be ruined easier than most think, but they do a great job especially pairing it with their in house coleslaw! I hate coleslaw....I eats fords coleslaw. O_o !  lol Overall I think this is the type of place that you always get whatever is on special because so far it's always been fantastic and well portioned!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/4/2013,11/25/2013,64,177,5,5,4>I'm still full...from last night.  We came here based on the pretty high reviews, although I'd have to say it's just ok.  Bolivian food is definately an acquired taste - and don't expect to eat light.  They call them "fat fries" for a reason.  Upon arrival this place has AWESOME christmas lights and looks like a small bar...however there is a hidden seating area in the back.  Also, this place was packed on a sunday night with folks of Bolivian descent - a testament to the authenticity of the food.  We ordered the chicken skewers and the milanesa de polla (pounded chicken), but we were given the silpancho de pollo (another variation on pounded chicken with pico de gallo).  We didn't really know what the difference was so we were fine with what came out.  The pounded chicken was a bit bland, so it really needed that pico de gallo (maybe some hot sauce too).  The yucca that came with the skewers was alright, and since it was my first time trying yucca I have nothing to compare it to. Other more refined reviewers have mentioned that the yucca fries were fine, but not great.  Also, even the salad that came with the skewers was drenched in mayo - again, don't try to count your calories here.Waitress was energetic and nice, and I can see why so many others gave this place good reviews.  However, I'm more of a fan of the local Peruvian and El Salvadorian cuisine.  You should give this place a try and decide for yourself :)
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,11/24/2013,90,420,3,7,5>Talk to me about Thai food!    This place is a tiny gem in an area full of ethnic cuisine!   First off, thank you yelpers for the reviews because while sitting at a light on Beulah and Springfield parkway, my mobile yelping phone popped up several Thai, Japanese, and Asian places!   What's an asian food lover to do?  Based on my fellow yelpers reviews, we ventured down Beulah to Rice & Noodles!   The tiny restaurant shares a wall with a peruvian place.   Both establishments have 'dining al fresco', probably 2-3 tables each.   They each have their own parking lots enough spaces to accommodate their number of available seats.  Starving to death and willing to try everything on their colorful photo menu, I opted for my 'go-to' appetizer, the Crispy Tofu for $3.95, yes, fellow thriftsters, this is in our budget!   It was awesome, fluffy, and comes with the standard sweet/sour type sauce topped with peanuts.   Tip:  Ask for the spice tray!    I threw in some dried red peppers and tadda, a spicy thai chili sauce.    My hubby chose the 'Crying Tiger', a marinated steak grilled and spiced.   In his words, it was a mini steak for $7.95.   Our meals could not have come at a better time because we were so full and ready to pack it all to-go.   When I hit a new 'thai' place, I always try their Pad See Ew.   Starting at $7.95 for a chicken or pork option, and then going up $1 for beef or seafood, this was a fabulous deal.   Not only was it reasonably price, it was SO good.  When I can taste a grilled noodle, in my Pad See Ew, I know I made the right choice.   The one food that tells all for my hubby is the Thai Basil Fried Rice.  They asked him whether he was 'thai spicy', and YES was the answer!     Next time, Ms. Server, please leave the pitcher of water so you don't have to come by everytime he gulped down an entire glass of water!   It was funny but the spice was perfect!  Service was awesome!   They do a fantastic carry out, and they deliver.  I don't think they will deliver to Burke, but it's worth a drive for carry out.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,11/23/2013,87,94,2,8,7>After reading yelp friend Lina T.'s and other yelpers reviews, I had to try this place. I'm so mad it's taken me this long!We came around 2:20pm right after the lunch rush. It was perfect timing because our food came out in about 10-15 mins. After reading all of the reviews, I was planning on waiting a good 30 minutes but thankfully, I didn't have to. We got the soy and garlic chicken breast with kimchi slaw. Amazing!!!! The chicken was fried perfect. Not too hard, not greasy. Perfect. I'm not a fan of deep fried food but this was nice and flaky. The sauce was really tasty, kind of sweet but not overpowering.The kimchi slaw was really good, however, my mouth is still in flames. Hot! But delicious. The daikon definitely helps.I agree with Lina, we definitely need a Bon Chon in Sterling or even Ashburn. Soo good! I will be back.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2013,11/22/2013,101,259,3,6,4>I'm so glad that I had the opportunity to check this place out for a late lunch on the suggestion of a friend.  Service was fast and friendly even though we came in at an odd time (3:00).  The server was knowledgeable of the menu and guided me in a good direction when I asked whether to get the Vermicelli or the Bahn Mi.  The Pork Bahn Mi sandwich was delightful.  Included in every order is a choice of a soft or crispy roll.  My soft roll with shrimp was a light and tasty way to start a meal.  The sandwich also includes a cup of the most delicious Chicken Soup that I have ever had.  The broth was fragrant and complex.  The fresh herbs added a lovely touch and made me envy my companion's Pho just a little bit less.  The sandwich serving was large.  The bread was great as were all the insides.  Writing this review makes me want to go back ASAP.   I wonder if the husband will mind eating out tonight...
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,11/21/2013,66,170,3,5,4>Decided to check this out after noticing the inviting decor and the amazing-looking pastry display.  It's located in a shopping center that has become heavily Asian-inspired in the last few years, so I wasn't sure what to expect.  Some of the reviews here claim they didn't receive great treatment since they weren't Asian, but I have to say I was treated very well (I'm Caucasian and don't look anything like an Asian person).  We were greeted immediately upon walking in the door by a smiling young woman and an actual "Welcome!"  I wandered over to that awesome display of cakes and pastries, and was wowed by the beautiful macarons.  I've been looking for some good macarons since my sister-in-law sent me some from New York for Christmas.  I never thought I'd find them right here in Centreville.  The young woman came over immediately to see if she could help me.  I hadn't made any decisions yet, but she was more than happy to give me time to look around and let her know when I was ready.  We checked out the pastry table that has assorted Korean pastries.  In the past I have visited Shilla and Jireh bakeries and found good Korean yummies there, so I'm starting to know what I like and don't like.  Seems that Tous les Jours has a smaller selection but everything looked fresh and delicious just the same.  For me, tonight was all about the macarons, however.Ordered a regular coffee, although they have Americano (had to ask the difference, and was given a patient explanation of how one is brewed and one is fresh ground), Cappucino, Espressos, Lattes, etc.  I got regular brewed coffee this evening and it tasted fresh and just fine.  They also have bobas and bing-soo but I can't comment on them since I haven't tried them.The decor is what I really like about this place.  It's large, open and airy, and there is plenty of seating.  It's modern, clean and comfortable.  There are regular chairs and tables for studying or using your laptop plus lots of low-slung chairs for leaning back and really relaxing.  Really cool atmosphere.  I hope to be back!
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,11/20/2013,202,406,3,4,5>Ever since I read the Yelp reviews for Crave Frozen Yogurt, I've been wanting to try their fro yo. So finally, on a warm summers...actually October afternoon (yes folks because apparently in Northern Virginia, our weather has commitment issues and can change at any point), my boyfriend and I ventured to Crave. When you walk in, you feel like the you're stepping into the next generation of frozen yogurt shops. It has your standard self- serve frozen yogurt and toppings bar. But with  it's multiple flat screen TVs displaying the flavor options, lighting, and techno music playing, I felt like I was getting pumped up for a night out at like 2 in the afternoon. Now, onto the frozen yogurt: they have plenty of options to choose from, including Greek frozen yogurt. They do have tasting cups, you just need to ask the staff. They also have interesting flavor combinations too. I really liked the Greek frozen yogurt blend of Honey Vanilla and their Berry yogurt. I also got their Salted Caramel flavor. So good! The flavors worked together in my cup, so I was pleased. Tons of toppings to choose from, including toppings lined on the wall as well as in the toppings bar. They even have dark chocolate covered pomogranites and chocolate covered berries? Yes please!Friendly staff and great yogurt?? Check. Clean space?? Check. Plethora of toppings? Check. I'll be back to satisfy my next Crave!
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,11/19/2013,740,1110,5,10,11>They serve Schafly Pumpkin Ale! I have searched far and wide in hopes of finding my St. Louis lover here in the DC metro. FINALLY! I am enjoying it right now as I compose this review.Right now it is 11:15pm. I'm chilling out in the lounge area in the back of the restaurant which is open until 2AM with last call at 1:45. They serve a late night menu until midnight with some serious cuisine. This is not your run of the mill bar food. They have duck, meatloaf, and other good fixins' rather than your typical hot wings and cheese sticks. The theme of Evening Star Cafe is comfort food cuisine with a twist.I'm having their meatloaf sandwich with a side salad that comes with it. The meatloaf is flavorful with red onions and mashed potatoes on a kaiser bun. It's an interesting combo. All very good tasting.The crowd here seems to be local and laid back. Maybe a little hipster even. It is a different vibe than the restaurant crowd. Bar seating, high tables and couch seating is all available in the small, eclectic space. Key eye things to check out: mason jar lighting, stars with light bulbs, the bowling trophy wall, classic beer cans on the ceiling, and 70s rock music. It feels like you're in the basement at a house party. They have the game on for those who care to pay attention on their two flat screens behind the bar.I like it. Very much my style and in my element.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,11/18/2013,161,146,1,11,7>Finally some good Japanese food in NoVa! I've waited a long time for a restaurant like Zento! We've been here twice now and have had great meals both times. The chirashi is really well priced and comes with a lot of fish. Nice assortment and everything was really fresh. Their bento boxes are also well portioned. We got the salmon and tempura combo (b). The salmon was cooked perfectly and well seasoned, and the tempura was also well done - not too oily and came w a nice assortment of veggies. We've also had the tonkatsu ramen and salmon and ikura chirashi. Both were awesome, although I wish the ramen had come with more soup. Their fish is really fresh and generously cut. Their hot food is really well seasoned and tastes more like the Japanese food I grew up eating than most other places I've tried here.Service is also always really excellent - wait staff is super attentive and nice! Highly recommend! This place is a new favorite!
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,11/17/2013,421,454,13,26,18>The reviews for this restaurant are all over the place---from 1 star to 5 stars and everything in between.   With that in mind, we figured that the only way to find out how good they are is to go there ourselves.  We were here on a Saturday around 5 p.m.Since none of the reviewers clearly explained how the set up here works, I will do so.  Upon entering, we were greeted by a friendly, helpful young woman at the host stand.  She asked us if we had been here before.  We said no and asked if she would explained how things worked.  She gladly did so.  First, she took us to a table and explained that a server would come and take our order.  When we said we were interested in "build your own bowl", she then took us over to the "fresh market station" and showed us how to proceed once the server took our order.  She also gave us small cards with our table number on it.  We thanked her for her help.Our server showed up and asked us what we wanted to drink.  We both chose water.  He then asked if we had any questions about the menu.  We told him that we were going to do "build your own bowl".  He asked us for our first names, which he wrote on our cards.  After that, you take your card with you when you go to the "fresh market station".  At the "fresh market station", you choose your bowl size.  We both chose the small bowl.  After that, the guy at the protein area gave us a tray and asked which protein we wanted.  We both chose chicken and he put the amount we wanted in our bowls.  Next, like a cafeteria, we moved along to the veggie area.  All the veggies were fresh.  I was pleased to see that they had tomatoes.  The last time we went to Mighty Khan in Herndon, they had stopped offering tomatoes.  There is also tofu, which I always like to see.  Then there is the dry spice area.  After that, a few more veggies.  Next is the sauce area.  I was pleased to see that a worker monitors that area.  At the Mighty Khan, no one is watching that area.  So, if someone wanted to sample some sauce, they could double dip and no one would notice.  Thus, having someone there is a good idea.  I chose Mongolian BBQ sauce.  Originally, I had considered the Szechuan sauce but was told it had fish in it.  After making my choice, the worker put it in a cup for me.After getting your food and sauce, you go to the grilling station.   There someone asks you what starch you want.  With a small bowl, you get only 1 starch.  The larger bowls offer up 2 or more starches.  We chose brown rice.  Our card then got taken and the chosen starch is circled on the card.When the food is ready, someone at the grilling station calls out "runner!"  Then  your food is brought to your table.  The "runner"  will say, for example, "Susan?" to make sure that the right bowl gets to the right person.As for the food---we both liked what we had to eat.  We didn't mind that a few pieces of veggies and chicken got a little char on them as we felt it didn't negatively impact the dish.  The Mongolian BBQ sauce is spicy enough to cause my nose to run!  While eating, we compared it to Mighty Khan and as my husband put it, Genghis is a step above Mighty Khan---and I agreed.  That said, since  Mighty Khan is only a build your own bowl type of place, the ordering process is much simpler.  However, Genghis has other things on the menu so it would be impossible to simply the build your own bowl process.  I like that Genghis gives you a tray.  It makes it so much easier to carry everything over to the grilling station.  At  Mighty Khan, you end up juggling your bowl, the cup with your sauce and your drink cup.We will go back here again, to be sure.   One drawback that we found---even though the place wasn't very busy when we were there, the music (mostly 60s music) was loud.  At the Mighty Khan, it only gets loud when the place is extremely busy.   The more I thought about it, the more I realized that it is a good idea to have a worker monitor the protein area as it reduces the possibility of cross contamination.  For example, at Mighty Khan, someone could grab some raw chicken then use the same tongs to grab raw meat.  We were also pleased that at Genghis we were asked twice if we had food allergies--first by the worker at the sauce area, second by the worker at the grill station.The price was right!  For 2 small bowls and 2 glasses of water, it cost $18 + change before the tip.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,11/16/2013,375,803,4,6,5>The neverending quest for good pho continued at Pho Deluxe as I stopped in for lunch.   Residing in the obligatory strip mall, Pho Deluxe is comparatively modern and upscale looking compared to most of its peers.  That said, the food is definitely not upscale in price or presentation, which is very good thing.  I checked the Yelp reviews and many of the critiques were for perceived poor service.  While I didn't receive the level of service on par with any of the area's fine dining restaurants, I wasn't expecting that and was served quickly and my water glass was refilled frequently.  Service was more than satisfactory.I ordered the Summer Rolls (2 for $3.75) and a small Pho Deluxe ($7.25), the combination bowl with eye of round, well-done flank, fatty brisket, soft tendon, and tripe.  The summer rolls were of good size and looked nicer than those of many of its peers; however the flavor was lacking.  My rolls contained both shrimp and pork with the pork giving it much needed flavor oomph to the otherwise bland rolls.  The peanut sauce was disappointing and no help as it possessed little peanut flavor and was very thick in its consistency resembling pudding.  Oh well, I'm not going to count the place down too much since the pho was the reason I was there and it more than held its own.  The small bowl was on par, if not a tiny bit larger, than its peers' small/regular bowls and was priced competitively.  The broth was meaty, possessed all of the expect pho spices, yet wasn't overly salty.  It was definitely one of the better broths I've found.  The Deluxe came with an ample amount of meat and noodles.  The noodles were not as al dente as I prefer, but they were not overdone.  All told, Pho Deluxe offered up one of the better pho experiences I've enjoyed in the DMV and elsewhere.  While it may not be the best at any one thing with regards to its pho, it does everything consistently well and is way better than average.  Just skip the Summer Rolls.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,11/15/2013,54,172,,6,4>Hubs and I decided to test out Tavern 64. Upon entering, you are visually stunned by the new interior. It is much brighter and more inviting than Market Street. We sat at the bar and had great service from more than one bartender. Each was friendly and let us sample a variety of beverages on the house. Tavern 64 only has craft beer on tap and they serve locally made spirits. Score. The majority of their meats and produce are also locally sourced. We sampled the following items off the menu:Mac & cheese (yum!)Sweet potato fries (sweet and crispy)Cornbread fritter (citrus jalapeño mayo is the winner here)Beef and bacon sliders (melt in your mouth, the quail egg is a wonderful addition)Breads (do ask for the breads. Could be croissants, cornbread or a mix served with a heavenly concoction of honey infused with lavender)Overall it was a very pleasant experience and I look forward to having a sit down meal in the near future.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,11/14/2013,150,76,4,6,5>I need to yell this from the mountaintops...chipwichhhhhhh!!!!I've already had 1.5 this week.  They're so big that I can only eat half at a time so there is a half sitting in my freezer right now and I don't know how much longer it's going to last.My first chipwich was the Chocolate Thunder and then I went back a couple nights later and got the original chipwich.  Both were excellent!  Just the perfect amount of ice cream and the cookies are dense...they're going to stay together and not crumble.Let me tell you how addicting these things are...I was sitting with some friends at Bonchon having some delicious chicken and coleslaw when all I had to do was say the word chipwich and their eyes lit up and as soon as we were done with the meal we were on our way to bakeshop.  I still need to try their cupcakes and macarons...
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2013,11/13/2013,27,87,4,8,6>I don't get some of the super-hater reviews for this place, but then I tend to temper my expectations of local bowling alleys differently than those of restaurants or hotels. On my previous visit to another AMF location, I was "suckered" into getting the Summer Pass - bowl two games for up to four people, every day all summer. Actually - I wasn't suckered at all -- the nice lady correctly told me it would be cheaper (by about $30) to go that route than a la carte. The only problem is that i don't get out and bowl as much (see also: my crappy bowling score), and I don't own my own shoes -- though for many reasons I should.Anyway, with wanting to do something different a Saturday afternoon, I thought I'd jaunt down to this one; again, with only the expectations of using my summer pass for free bowling and partaking of fried chicken fingers and a couple of cocktails from their full bar. And you know what? I had a GREAT time. I bowled the two worst games in recent history, but that's not their fault -- I blame that one on Jack (Daniels - order the "JD Ginger Cooler.") But I'm getting ahead of myself.We entered the alley at around 1:30 p.m. on a Saturday and an older gentleman who was washing the windows said "Welcome" and held out the door for us. At the register, we were enthusiastically greeted by a young man. I didn't have my summer pass or member ID card with me, but he was able to figure it out within a couple of minutes -- without any hint of irritation or incompetence. A couple of minutes later, we got our shoes, lane and balls--and I went over to the snack bar to get the chicken tenders with fries combo. The lady working it was a bit flustered with taking more than one order at a time, but she was nice - "ten minutes," she said, which I took to mean I was to come back at the appointed time to pick up the food. I was briefly semi-disappointed to see that there were five beers on tap but no semblance of real alcohol but as I started to head back to my lane, I noticed the full bar was tucked into a something like a cubby, right across from the main register. "Do you want a drink, Ma'am?" asked the young man. "If you can wait just a couple minutes, please - I'll come right over after I take care of these guests." As I perused the brand liquors I settled on the usual and placed my order with the young man, who apologized profusely about his having to pull double duty and said he'd bring out our food and beverages to us when ready. My drink was very JD and not at all shy. I gave him a generous tip.The bowling lanes were decent and maintained well enough. Our lane was slightly tilted to the left - or at least, I thought so, but there might've been other factors at play. Whatever, we had a great time. The other patrons were mostly families and couples, and all seemed to be having fun. The people next to us were super-competitive and "pro-like," gesticulating and smack talking, but nothing obnoxious or offensive - in fact, they were hilarious once I noticed none of them had a final score above 80.There were three other staff members working - all were occupied with taking care of customers, bringing out food, or cleaning the facility. They checked on us no fewer than five times in the 90 minutes we were there. The place itself appears to be family-run and maintained. The only downside was the condition of the balls and shoes. I guess if I cared or took it seriously enough, I'd go out and buy my own. But then it wouldn't be fun anymore, and the whole point of bowling (to me) is being able to have fun and not worry about first-world problems.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,11/12/2013,67,229,,6,5>This is just my favorite place to get Vietnamese food. I'm not sure anything could be improved. The food, service and decor are all top notch. Two of the items I've had here are the best I've had anywhere. The crispy pork spring rolls and the fish in clay pot. The crispy pork spring rolls are flavorful and crunchy without being greasy. They give you a tangy fish sauce for dipping, which is nice, but I like to use some of the chili garlic sauce they have on each table to dip them. The caramelized fish in a clay pot is my favorite fish dish on the planet. It's just melt in your mouth delicious. I think they use catfish (traditional fish to use) but I am not sure. Whatever they use it's scrumptious white, flaky, tender and not fishy at all. This is a fish dish for someone who hates fish. Try it, you will be surprised. If you love the unagi at sushi places you'll like this, too. It has a similar taste and texture, but better.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,9/5/2014,71,164,1,5,5>These guys were awesome.  Super professional, great customer service, and the double margarita machine was a huge hit.  They have a ton of flavor options and have what I thought was pretty great pricing and flexibility on machine rentals.  LeeAnn was really nice and easy to work with when we were placing our order, which I appreciated because it was a little confusing for a first timer!  Lots of options.  Ryan the delivery guy was on time both for drop off and pick up, as well as being extremely helpful with setting everything up for us.  I will definitely be a repeat customer for future Cinco de Mayo parties and would recommend them to anyone looking to rent a margarita machine.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,9/4/2014,244,71,,3,3>You know that teriyaki taste we all crave from time to time? Toki Teriyaki gives you that nice salty flavorful teriyaki chicken or beef you crave, without the heaviness and saltiness lingering in your mouth long afterwards that comes due to MSG.  If you call in, they will have your order ready when you get there.  The staff is friendly and attentive.  Great option if you are craving relatively healthy dinner with the taste of teriyaki
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,9/3/2014,19,4,7,8,7>I almost wish I could keep this place a secret :( Amazing hookah. Amazing food. By far the most posh/upscale hookah lounge I have ever seen with the best customer service I have ever experienced.Chandeliers, leather, gold, velvet, damask.. They got it all covered. The vintage, rustic, enchanting, stunning decor will make you hate your room/house/life.They don't serve alcohol and offer halal food from burger 7, located right above (owned by the same genius person). They have a dessert bar that will make your mouth water.. I tried a white chocolate rose-looking-typa-thing with pistachio and raspberry filling.. One word, DIVINE!They have a jazz player who plays beautifully, a superb alternative, in my opinion, to the typical obnoxiously loud hookah bar scene where you give up on having a conversation with friends because you can't even hear your own voice or thoughts.Ahhh I can go on for hours but I don't want anyone else to fall in love with this place. So... I mean, it's aiiight, I guess.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,9/2/2014,62,229,3,6,4>I am kicking myself for bookmarking El Pollo Rico over a year ago but not trying it until now.  I finally made it out on a Saturday.  It was raining, and there was track work on the metro, but it was all worth it.As some other reviewers mentioned, you aren't going to El Pollo Rico for the ambiance.  There's a ordering counter and a good number of tables and chairs with varying levels of cleanliness.  I lucked out and there was no line when I got there.  When I left it was nearly out the door, though it appeared to be moving relatively quickly.I ordered the quarter chicken with fries and rice.  This chicken is amazing.  I have no idea what the seasonings are, but they taste delicious and the flavor is throughout all of the meat, not just on the skin.  There isn't a whole lot you can do with fries and rice, but both sides were well cooked and went well with the chicken.  My plate also came with a green chili sauce (which packed a little bit of a kick) and a white mayo sauce.  I'm not really sure what they were for because the chicken was already perfect, but I guess you have more options to add flavors to your chicken.The portion sizes were plenty big (especially for the price!) and I was stuffed after my quarter chicken plate.  But the chicken was so good that I actually did think about going back for some more...at least until I saw how long the line had gotten.  Oh well...I shall return.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2014,9/1/2014,196,118,2,6,5>Quite good and the only things keeping me from giving them 5 stars are noted below. I've been a few times and the food has been consistently good here at Fava Pot. My co-workers were so impressed when they saw my food that they joined be today to get their Fava on.I only have a few minor quibbles. The meat is not consistently juicy, I know that they must pre-cook in order to maintain production times. However, my kofta today was a bit dry and one of my co-workers also mentioned that their chicken was a bit dry. My last order (chicken platter) was also a bit lukewarm but was not dry.Overall the flavors and freshness of the ingredients here really shine. I could eat the toum (garlic ) sauce with a spoon! I wish there were more fresh vegetable options for sides since two pieces of bread AND potatoes (or rice) really adds to the carb load.Overall, great truck with very friendly staff. Now that I have had a series of good experiences with lunch I will make an effort to try their breakfast one of these days, especially since they are one of the few trucks to offer breakfast options!
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2014,8/31/2014,46,64,3,8,7>This is our go to local Viet place. I am a big fan of vermicelli bowls and less about the pho. I first learned about Vietnamese food through the vermicelli so that is what I like and what I always get. My biggest issue with most places is the quality of the meat. I want pieces of pork that I can eat with out gagging on chewy gristle and fat. Their meat is always tender, flavorful and delicious. My only bad notes are that I wish they offered grilled shrimp and they would put more peanuts on the bowl. YUMM-O
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2014,8/30/2014,83,195,2,8,5>We had friends who were staying by Dulles Airport so I suggested Ford's Fish Shack...I've been wanting to try this place for months and this was my chance!!Ford's Fantastic Lemonade is quite possibly the most addictive and easy to drink adult beverage ever. The blueberry flavored vodka pairs well with fresh blueberries and house-made lemonade. I could easily sit here all day drinking them. It's definitely sweet but also refreshing!The calamari was crunchy, delicious, and perfectly cooked squid--oh and enough for 4 hungry people to share. I was excited to try their Shrimp Tacos but they fell short of my expectations--the chipotle lime dressing did have the kick of the chipotle flavor and made the crispy shrimp a bit soggy and the tomatoes just needed to not be there...ever. Best decision of this meal was to order the Fried Lobster Tail add-on to share: a very good sized tail with the meat breaded and fried sitting atop the lobster shell pedestal--a tad bit salty but I forget about anything that's wrong with the world when I dip that fried lobstah tail in melted butter.The service was great and they checked on us several times and even gave a schpeel about Ford's to our out of town guests. Props for not making us feel awkward about finishing our drinks a little after closing time!
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2014,8/29/2014,72,639,4,6,6>We came to TRIO Grill because we discovered we had absolutely nothing in our refrigerator and I was not going to cook that evening.  I decided I would schedule a reservation at TRIO as I had never been there before and I saw that there were decent reviews. We went on a Thursday evening right after work and it was very quiet. Proper attire is required which I prefer because I hate it when I am dressed nicely only to find someone else looking like they just threw something on.  We were seated quickly at the booths and the waiter promptly provided us with menu's and asked if we'd like to start with a glass of wine.  We thought we would start off with the bread and that came quickly as well.  We finally decided on the glass of wine and the entree we liked and we ordered and spent the remainder of the time chatting.  I love date night's and it's a very nice restaurant to have that. I'm excited it's close to where we are located.  Also, there is a separate bar area which seemed to be a couple people there just enjoying their meal with a drink.  Our food came out and my husband ordered the pork chop and i ordered the filet.  My filet was cooked PERFECTLY.  I really get excited when I see a restaurant ensure that dishes are cooked perfectly.  It was a perfect medium and the steak was so tender and juicy.  The asparagus and mashed potatoes are my personal favorites and they complemented my dish quite well.  My husband loved his pork chops and was shocked at how big it was.  That thing was HUGE so just be aware of that if you decide to get the pork chop.  After seeing that thing, I was happy I stuck to my smaller filet.  The wine that we had tasted very nice and we are looking out for a bottle so we can buy it when we see it.  A great dinner experience and I'm happy to know at least one restaurant in the area that can cook the steaks just how I'd like them to be cooked. 5 stars.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2014,8/28/2014,13,168,1,8,4>One of the biggest things I look for in a pho restaurant is consistency. They don't have to serve the best pho I've ever tasted, but I want my bowl of pho to be consistent every time I go. I want the broth to be hot, the noodles to be chewy and the flavor to be good. I think Pho Hoang has provided a consistent bowl of pho whenever I have gone, and the service has always been efficient and friendly. I think the price is lower than other pho restaurants for the same sized bowls. I also find their vegetables and herbs to be plentiful and fresh. Total bonus is the sate sauce sitting at every table - I love that stuff. Unfortunately, their spring rolls and summer rolls are not very palatable.Now, my brother and his wife found Pho Hoang's pho broth to contain too much MSG when they tried it. I have been multiple times and have not experienced any higher/worse MSG effects than other pho restaurants. But I figured to be a fair review, I would mention this opinion.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,8/27/2014,11,156,5,8,7>I was recommended TintFX by a buddy who took his M3 to them, on recommendation from someone he knew.  Today I took my new STi to them to get the windows tinted.Eric went over my options with me, I had the film picked out already but was going back and forth on the darkness.  He recommended the state legal 50%/35% but I wasn't sure about having two different shades and stuck to my guns at 50% all the way around.As I was waiting one of his installers started chatting with me about the car and when he asked what I wanted he told me it would look a lot better with the 50%/35% so I went for it.I've had cars tinted at other places but these guys have it down to a science and it was cool that I could watch how they actually did it.They knocked the whole car out in an hour, as promised, and the work looks great.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2014,11/27/2014,115,493,1,7,4>Affordable, casual, quick, and simple. It's counter ordering and seating can be a little bit tight. Place your order, get a number, and find a table. The gyros here are the signature item, but do stray away and get the moussaka platter and you won't be disappointed. Good sized portions and piping hot. The platter comes with a small salad and lemony potatoes side. I would have preferred a more pronounced lemon punch, but it'll do.  Get an appetizer dip and the accompanying pita is warm and soft.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,11/26/2014,101,259,4,7,6>I have always had the nicest service when going to Mediterrafish. I am always greeted when entering and helped promptly even if there is a bit of a crowd. Although many of their items are too rich for my blood, I have been very satisfied with my shellfish purchases. The staff is always very careful to pick out nice mussels rather than just grabbing a handful and shoving them in the bag without checking. It's nice that I get the same treatment buying my $4 /lb mussels as someone buying a $24 /lb salmon or branzini. I'll keep finding excuses to come by and grab something.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2014,11/25/2014,66,170,4,12,4>Still a fan, but noted a few things the other night when we visited that I'm not so happy about.  First of all, I noticed that prices have already gone up since June.  We've dined here a few times since they opened and have enjoyed it.  However, I'm not crazy about the fact that the cost has already gone up a few dollars here and there.  For example, desserts that were formerly $6 are now $7.  That sort of thing just annoys me, especially since it's only been a few months since they opened.  Also, while the owner did visit some tables, I observed them to be tables where she knew the customers. The bartender /server did the same, and they ended up having a pretty long chat to the detriment of taking care of other customers.  Not good to ignore some visitors while spending an extra long time talking with customers who are obviously friends.  The bartender/server was also not very attentive throughout our meal, not supplying refills on drinks, checking to see if all was okay, etc.  Sorry to throw cold water since most of the other reviews here are raving, and for the most part I do agree with what they said.  I'll keep my stars at four for now because the food was good -- hoping this was just an anomaly.P.S.  The tiramisu is wonderful.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2014,11/24/2014,103,208,5,9,6>Probably one of the cutest candy shops where  if your not careful will break the bank. They sell a variety of sweets and confections. It has an old classic candy shop feel with glass filled jars and the metal scoops. There is a  sweet confections type of room with  jellybeans and other confections. A chocolate room with chocolate confections and a gummy room in the back. They also have a cooler for various flavored sodas butterbeer, Peanut Butter and Jelly Soda, Buffalo Wing Sauce are the ones that stuck out to me. They also have there display cases full of. Truffles and other handmade chocolates all from smaller shops.They also offer a lot of imported candies from Europe and other countries. There was even a section for Asian candies. Although they were a bit on the priced side..I love that the employees are so friendly and ask if you would like to try samples and some people aren't skimpy either. Myself and my cousin were able to try multiple gummy bears our favorite was the mango bears. The staff explained that their gummy bears were  gourmet and made by either the Albany company or they are from Albany. Either way they were fresh and delicious. We also got to try a few of the  chocolate  drop type candies. My cousin tried the tiramisu caramel which he said was. A bit chewier then he liked but it was okay. The staff is  also very informative we were convinced to buy the Tabasco flavored chocolate that  contains at least 3 bottles of hot sauce. It  actually is really good. Slow burn but it does what its suppose to if you like spicy chocolate.I love the gummy room... partially because seeing a giant gold gummy bear statue is awesome in my book.Of course I had to walk away with a few confections myself...I walked away with a  carmelized pear and goat cheese macaron and a tequila lime truffle. Which set me back. 5.98 plus tax. 2.50 for the truffle and 3.25 for the macaron.  For their bulk candy its about 12.00 per lb. Overall... its a very cute shop. But it is pricey for certain items but your are paying for quality for the bulk candy. However my macaron that was from the sweet shop was a disappointment  the flavor wasn't anything like its description caramel yes... pear and goat cheese no where to be found. Texture just didn't seem fresh. My cousin agreed they got  cappuccino and green tea. The tequila and lime truffle  was  refreshing... and smooth not overly boozy  could taste the lime a hint of tequila as my cousin said  a smooth cocktail. It was a smooth truffle the white chocolate  was a thin layer so it didn't have a snap.  The truffle it self is made by Christopher elbow Was delicious and I thinks worth what I paid. Good thing if I  fill out their survey I get a free one on my next visit.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,11/23/2014,88,223,9,8,9>I came here for the first time to enjoy a Crawfish Boil.I repeat, a CRAWFISH BOIL.  It was a special event, so I don't expect to find this every weekend, but a friend picked up a couple of tickets for us to partake, and boy did we partake!We started with the Louisiana state cocktail, the sazerac and I loved every drop.  I could have thrown down four of those, but then you would have had to pour me out the door.  Plus, my thoughts shifted to beer when an enormous pot filled with crawfish, corn, potatos and andouille sausage arrived.  All for me?  YEAH!!  Despite having never eaten a crawfish in its shell, I came armed with some solid advice from the cajun I work with.  I felt prepared, mostly, but even if I had not been prepared, I saw the waiter give several other tables a demo that seemed helpful enough.I felt a little weird pinching the heads off crawfish with their juices spidering their way down my wrists in this restaurant.  Well, I felt weird right up until I watched a pristine fancy pants lady try desperately to be delicate with the crawfish experience and started to giggle.  That giggle bubbled up and I laughed out loud right there!  What a lovely juxtaposition.  This place is a little bougie.  The clientelle is a little bougie.  I am not, and neither was that steaming pot of crawfish.  I went through three linen napkins and apologized to none.  I was a mess the same as if I were plowing through a pile of steaming blue crab.  No shame here!  I may have enjoyed it even more because of the beautiful contrast of eating mudbugs on anything other than a newspaper lined picnic table under an old oak tree.  I really liked that the chef/crawfish boil master wandered over to say hello and ask us about our meal.  That is special.  Really.  I hardly ever see that and I love it!  Then came the big surprise!  A beautiful little cake in honor of my birthday!  I seriously LOVE cake and this one was exceptional.  I am usually that person who will take two or three bites of a dessert and be happy.  Yeah, I know how that sounds, but it is typically true.  This time, just know that there were two forks going at this thing, and that mine won!!
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,11/22/2014,273,378,3,6,7>Post-wedding review: Exemplary service and lovely floral arrangements. The prices are also pretty good considering the area.As mentioned in my first review, L'Artisan Lily can transport your flowers to your reception site, if different from your ceremony venue. They do this for an additional fee, which is quite reasonable considering the convenience and peace of mind.I gave Andrea, my floral designer, an image of something that I liked, but the web image that I provided used some more expensive flowers. To keep within my budget, Andrea used more affordable blooms to create floral arrangements for my wedding that were beautiful, feminine, and full of texture (not as one-dimensional as the sample photo).One thing: My church floral displays were a bit smaller than I had expected; however, I had never really discussed size with Andrea, so she can't be blamed. I would advise you to go over not only the colors and flowers used, but also the size of the floral arrangement(s). You wouldn't want a huge floral display overpowering a small table or a humble little vase being nearly invisible at a vast altar.L'Artisan's consultation process, paperwork, and follow-up are the best that I've encountered in any industry. I was very happy with my experience working with them, and I would definitely recommend this florist if you are looking for flexible, budget-friendly, and creative floral design services for your big day or other special occasion.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2014,11/21/2014,108,321,3,7,6>***3.5 stars***  I bumped up their rating a bit because I do find that their food is pretty comforting and that's always a plus for me!My husband heard from a friend that Ko Hyang had authentic Korean food, so we stopped in to try a couple things.  I wish had been hungrier so we could have tried more dishes, but anywho......We ordered the kalbi dolsot and budae jigae.  The kalbi dolsot was good.  I think we could have had a couple more pieces of meat, but it was a solid dish.  The pot had a nice layer of crunchy rice on the bottom.  We added the red pepper sauce for spice and heat, rounding out the flavors and completing the dish.  The budae jigae is the perfect dish for a cold day or if you have a cold.  There's just something about both dishes that are just really comforting, sick or not.  The budae jigae came full of noodles, kielbasa, spam, napa cabbage and other things that I can not remember.  It was tasty and hit the spot more than the dolsot did.Like any other Korean establishment - the servers leave you alone unless you know them or need something.  I wouldn't say the service is bad, since I'm used to Asian smugness, one should just expect ordering food here as a business transaction and nothing else.  The place isn't too big, so it's not hard to catch their eyes and get help.There's a good amount of Korean joints popping up in the Chantilly/Centreville area, but I'm willing to put Ko Hyang into the rotation.  The restaurant is in between non-descript businesses, so if you're not looking closely, it's pretty easy to just drive by and miss it.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,11/20/2014,318,205,6,9,7>I love this place!I went in there for the first time Thursday. I needed flowers for a little girl's dance recital. I was greeted by Monica. I told her what the flowers were for and she made a very age appropriate design, with the flowers we chose, her bouquet design and bow choice. She also made sure to ask when the recipient would be getting them and when I told her, she automatically put water tubes on the stems.I think the best part was we went into the cold room to pick out flowers together so it felt like a team effort. She wasn't pushy either which I appreciated because I pretty much asked how much every flower cost. That night, the little girl that got the flowers after her performance felt really special and walked around like she just won Miss America. It was adorable! Friday--I already did a second pick up with Monica for Mother's Day weekend (this weekend).I think the other great thing about this place is it's a small town vibe (support small businesses!). When I was there, my second time, the florists knew their customers -- "Is that a familiar voice I hear" came out from the back, and in a separate instance a teen got handed flowers with a designer saying "You know-- I went to high school with your dad." I even caught myself telling Monica the Miss America story! I love this place and I super love Ms. Monica!
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2014,11/19/2014,102,270,3,9,6>Pros:- Amazing massage chairs that even massaged your butt, also seemed brand new- Pedicure includes scrub, hot towel, and massage- Quaint, clean, cute interior - Big comfy couch to sit and wait on- Very thorough and meticulous- Open on Sundays!- They let me stay in the massage chair while my toes dried- Tip line on credit card receipt- $27 pedicureCons:- color selections are just ok, lots of pink/red based and I prefer blues and greens (recommend bringing your own)- massage focused more on my legs than my feet, but the lady next to me got a good foot massage so it depends who you get- I wish they had a sign asking guests to not use cell phones, the woman next to me was on her phone the whole time and since the place is so small, we all had to hear her 30 minute convo
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2014,11/18/2014,459,643,7,11,6>Ok, here's the deal, I'm a New York City girl who hails from the land of awesome $6-10 eyebrow waxes/threading all over manhattan where materialistic businesses (ie. hair salons, nail salons, waxing centers and spas) outnumber starbucks on every corner so competition is high and quality of beauty services and advances in beauty technology are supreme!  As you can imagine, I turned my nose up to DC prices for subpar services once I moved to DC but years passed where a trip back and forth to NYC for my maintenance became unrealistic with daily work demands and such and resulted in me having to swallow my pride, realize where I am and oh my god girlfriend I need to get these brows tamed!  I've searched high and low and once European Wax Center opened up in my hood, I could not resist.  I've been familiar with EWC after my sister and girlfriends at home in NYC were fans.  Your first wax is free and you can pay for packages of a certain number of waxes over an unlimited period of time or unlimited wax yearly depending on how your hair weeds, I mean grows. You can pay at once or pay in installments which is great and when cost is broken down per session it can be either same price/even cheaper than other salons. Remember some singles so you can tip when you go! EWC uses a hard wax which is especially great if you have sensitive skin.  A lot of their technicians are trained and certified.I walked in and was immediately greeted and assisted by their front desk staff- so nice, helpful and yes, had impeccable brows.  I asked the girl who did her brows and she hooked me up with Synai.  She is a pro, listened to my eyebrow desires, provided feedback and tips and got to work.  I was content with the result and told your brows are never twins but sisters so I must repeat this mantra to myself because us girls are often tough on ourselves especially when it comes to brows and they require more work.  Iwokeuplikethis?Because I had a friend back in NY work for EWC, I already knew about how they pushed their products.  Even though I was lucky enough to own some, they have some great products which are decently priced compared to sephora, etc. P.S. I love their eyebrow serum which you apply twice a day and helps speed up brow regrowth (also biotin and vitamins help too!)  I also purchased and love their dual  Eyebrow palette (the Milan palette was my PERFECT match), dual eyebrow brush and spool, and waterproof serum to keep everything in place.  I love their products!  I also received a voicemail from a manager checking up on services which is nice and not something many other places do.  EWC really stands behind their services, products and customer satisfaction and for that I am a fan.  Cheers to hoping my future sessions in my package go just as well...
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,2/16/2013,153,102,4,4,3>Did someone say white wine mojitos? Oby Lee opened not too long and I love it! Self served wine that are nicely priced, delicious choice of quiche! I got the spinach and salmon one- delish! i've never been a quiche fan but I knew Oby wouldn't steer me wrong. Soft, flavorful, and creamy. Wash it down with a great varity of wine and finish off with the mouth watering dessert. Cannoli is my favorite! This place is the go to when it comes to brunch and date night...although I visted with my brother- but its ok! :)Give it a go!
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,2/15/2013,246,200,7,13,10>Four solid stars for quick turn, hugely portioned plates, well-seasoned and value-priced beef and lamb  kabobs and decent gyro/shawarma (beef).  For tender and succulent chicken, I prefer rose kabob in Vienna or shamshiry in Tyson's Corner, but this side of town, Reston Kabob is a reliable and delicious alternative--especially for all things lamb and beef! Our office sometimes calls ahead for big orders to minimize the wait. Seating is nothing special--just melamine tables and plastic chairs, but come for lunch and enjoy the sea of ethnic and economic diversity all coming together for a quick, tasty and affordable meal stacked high on styrofoam plates. it's an institution in Reston!
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,2/14/2013,190,502,3,6,4>No frills Moroccan restaurant that transports you to North Africa with its arabic language soccer games on TV and a clientele that hails from that part of the world. Excellent mint tea presweetened to perfection. Fresh mint leaves and loose green tea, doesn't get better or more authentic. Merguez tajine with it's tomato and spiced oil sauce is superb and worth a try. I'd go with the Kefta next time and always ask that they put eggs in there. The eggs are runny and add some nice texture and color. Hummus was standard fare. Straight from the fridge meant it was cold and not especially remarkable. Probably the only slight downer. Overall, this is a big win for Arlington. Totally unpretentious hole in the wall that will easily make new fans of Moroccan cuisine.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2012,2/13/2013,72,639,1,42,1>Alright so here's the deal, you should really only visit this place if you have an excellent deal or if you're trying to impress your husband/wife with your grilling skills on good cuts of meat. The times I've been here I've ONLY been when they've had a Groupon and when I leave I could feed my entire community (no joke).  First things first DO NOT, I repeat DO NOT go here on the last day of your Groupon!  You will be annoyed and upset with the service, the wait, and more importantly the cut of meat.Now, is this the best butcher in Springfield -- well its up there, but is it the best in Northern VA -- certainly not, but if you're looking for a better cut meat and you don't want to go to Whole Foods or even Harris Teeter then come here and get something to eat.  I was just on the grill today and the filet mignon was pretty good and granted I don't think it was grassfed but they are still pretty good. The sausages and the Crabcakes -- good Lord the CRABCAKES are amazing.  Seriously, I can't wait to bite into that tomorrow.  I would recommend getting the bone in ribs as well.  What you will find is that they do not use gloves however, from what I've observed I did see them use one hand for grabbing the meat and one hand on your credit card so bring a wet one to prevent this.But yeah, Groupon is the way to go!
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2012,2/12/2013,487,282,4,9,6>Finally somewhat of a bar scene that isnt velocity 5!!! It's tex-mex with a twist that includes delightful tapas and a smooth selection of original margaritas.We did quite the sampling for our first visit. Four different margaritas, queso, guacamole, salsa trio, southwest roll and the steak de maiz. OMG! I could have licked the plate clean for each plate/bowl placed before us!OVERALLGreat atmosphere, I can bet it probably gets a bit loud around Happy Hour but the food is yummy and the drinks satisfying.... a weekday hangout after work, I think so. I can walk here!Make sure you get the southwest roll, handmade in house, crisp and flaky outside with an ooey gooey inside that drips with flavor. *drool* I can't wait to go again!
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,2/11/2013,129,171,3,5,4>I honestly don't know if there could be a place with better value when it comes to what you get for your money.  I went here for the first time today and bought lunch for myself and two others for under $20.We picked up four combination sandwiches, two egg rolls, and a pork roll.  The egg roll was really tasty and the sandwich was extremely delicious.  We were in a rush so I didn't have time to check the whole place out but it seemed to be full of all sorts of stuff that I wouldn't mind trying.One sandwich is pretty filling, so you could go easy and just get one without a problem.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,2/10/2013,966,3217,,8,5>I've been wanting a bike for a few years now, and when my Mom asked me what I wanted for Christmas - I said a gift certificate from Haymarket Bicycles that I could put toward a bike.So after Christmas, I went over with a friend who is into biking big time - as my advisor. We had a nice conversation with one of the owners who was very knowledgeable.After looking things over, I took the Trek FX 7.1 for a spin around the block. I liked it a lot - a nice, affordable, general purpose bike for fitness, that I could also take on some trails.In addition to my gift certificate, I had a mystery envelope that accompanied the gift certificate - that could only be opened in front of the store staff - which entitled me to a free water bottle! So I added a water bottle holder, and a tool kit/patch kit, plus they upgraded me to a more aggressive tire tread.We visited on a Sunday - the bike was not in stock. They advised me they'd have it by Tuesday and would swap the tires and install the other items and give it the once over before calling me. I received a call early Wednesday afternoon advising me that the bike was ready for pick up. I picked it up the next day!The bike comes with some support - after one month of riding it - you bring it in and they will inspect and make any adjustments to the brakes and so forth that are needed. And at one year, they'll give it another once over - at no charge.Great service, great value, awesome bike shop! I love supporting small local businesses! Check out Haymarket Bicycles!
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,2/9/2013,61,154,2,3,2>I love this place! Best froyo in town hands down! What I like about this place is you're the one in charge of what you want and how you want your froyo. There about 6-8 diffrent yogurt flavors and you can sample it before you decide which one is best. I usually get the vanilla and the red velvet flavor yogurt. Once you pick out your yogurt, you move to the topping bar which has so many different varieties of toppings! My favorite is the cheesecake bites, brownie bites, toffee, granola, almonds and fresh pineapples! So many diff toppings it's hard to not put everything in your bowl! Once you're done, they weigh in your bowl and I usually pay about $6. I will never go elsewhere for my froyo but Menchie's!
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,2/8/2013,41,165,3,7,4>There aren't too many Laos restaurants in the area, so imagine my surprise when I found one that gets the Laos stamp of approval!  (My boyfriend is Laotion and he lurves this place!)  One of the main highlights of this restaurant is the buffet - buffet prices at you-won't-believe-its-a-buffet prices.  Although the buffet station looks modest, it offers an amazing variety of dishes such as; tom yum soup, chicken wings, pad thai, drunken noodles, spring rolls, larb and many more!  The only thing that IS modest, is the price.  We paid $12 for a lunch buffet on a Sunday.  Top it all off with a thai iced tea and ahhhhhh, refreshing heavenly-ness!!I've also had the opportunity to do the Laos tasting menu here one night.  Every dish was more savory, succulent and spicy than the last.  We were served papaya salad, Laos sausage, larb, a delicious steamed fish dish, and a lovely avacado sticky rice for dessert.  I urge you to try some foods from the Laos menu next time you come here, as it will give you different flavors than your typical Thai food.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,2/7/2013,242,306,,8,4>I've been waiting for Paul to open forever!!! Finally, FINALLY on 1/14/2013 they are open to the public (I was so jealous when I found out they had a soft opening earlier). Of course, I rush there as soon as I can. The new place is so clean and sparkly. Filled to the brim with lovely baked goods.This is definitely a bakery at the level of Tysons Galleria standards (and the prices reflect that too). It's no Corner Bakery. No Panera. Even no La Madeleine. Non monsieur, non! Tasty macarons (a little cakier and less airy than others... maybe it was just the flavor i got?) for $5.45, breads, and flakey pastries (so buttery and melty ::insert heart here::). Besides my baked good cravings, I need to try this place out regularly for lunch. Soups, salads, sandwiches. I think I spied Croque Monsieurs on the menu!Their seating areas are so just so elegant and quaint! It's like a cross between bakery/cafe and study/sitting room with the sectional rooms. Service was confusing and frazzled but presented a friendly face. Time will only tell if this place lasts, but it's placed in the right area and was certainly busy today.P.S. closest to the Lebanese Taverna entrance downstairs (level 1)
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,9/20/2013,232,240,7,16,12>I've been passing this little truck on 610 for years, always saying to myself, "I really need to stop here one day." Well, over this past weekend I finally did, and I can't believe I waited so long. I got there right around 1pm and there was a short line. I drooled over the menu posted on a big sign on the side of the trunk while I waited. Brisket? Pork ribs? Smoked sausages? I'm terrible at making decisions so I ordered all three to keep the stress level down. I also got 2 tubs of potato salad, sense I believe one shouldn't have BBQ without it. I loved the pimentos they used in it. They added a nice briny and slightly peppery touch to the mustard base. Yum!By far my favorite out of the meat was the brisket. Oh! It was like getting a taste of meaty heaven every bite. The smoke was gentle and was complimented by the vinegar based sauce. I appreciated how the meat wasn't drowning in the sauce. The meat itself was center stage no doubt. The bites that were more fatty were crazy good. The fat just melted away like meat butter. I'm getting hungry just thinking about it!The ribs and sausage were also really good. I preferred the ribs over the sausage, personally. They were perfectly tender and smoke level was spot on. The sausage was a little too smokey for my liking, but I imagine a lot of people would dig it.I'm glad I finally checked this place out. It's by far the best BBQ I've had in years, and I foresee it becoming a weekend ritual.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,9/19/2013,162,152,5,9,7>I was so excited when I heard that Mussel Bar coming to Arlington. My all time favorite place to get mussels is Brabo Tasting Room, so I knew I had to try this place out. The mussels here are just as plump and tasty as BTR!My friend and I came here for lunch this past Sunday. She was able to make reservations via OpenTable. We got there around 1:30 and the place was not very busy. To share we got:1/2 dozen oystersMussels (1/2 order of Thai and Mediterranean)Regular fries and Sweet potato friesThe Mediterranean mussels were the highlight of the meal for me. Lucky for us, we got a full order for half the price! The waiter accidentally put a full order in. The oysters were good, but definitely took a back seat to the mussels. The fries, however, were the biggest let down. I'm not a big fan of shoestring fries. The sweet potato fries had the edge over the regular. Thankfully, we a nice basket of warm bread to soak up the wonderful sauce that sat beneath the mussels =)The service we had was excellent. They had several people come out at the same time with all our food. The best part was when they uncovered the mussels. It felt like some sort of big reveal lol. I will definitely be back here.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2013,9/18/2013,187,308,5,15,8>Malee is now my go-to place for massages! In the past, I was a member of Massage Envy...meh. The experience there always felt rushed and I just felt like a number. Malee is located in a business park along busy Lee Hwy in Fairfax but, as soon a I walked in I was teleported to serene and welcoming Thailand. I was immediately greeted and led to their seating area. This angel approached me with a questionnaire and hot ginger jasmine tea. Later, I discover that the angel's name is Anne and she would be doing my massage. Anne leads me to my serene sanctuary for the next 90 minutes where she instructs me to remove my sandals, sit down and place my feet in the warm water. She exfoliates my feet, gently scrubs them and dries them while chatting with me about my recent trip to Italy. She then smiles proudly and says "next time....go to Thailand!" Don't mind if I do!After she washes my feet, she tells me to remove all of my clothing and lie down on the massage table and she leaves the room. This gives me the opportunity to check out the room. Very serene, dim lighting. Soothing music plays in the background. Hot stones...yes!!!! Anne reenters the room and begins my massage. Anne slowly worked out all the knots in my shoulders using her hands, feet, hot stones and Thai hot oil. Then she moved on to my arms, fingers, calves, glutes, feet, head....Anne knew what she was doing! I fell asleep about 12 times totally forgetting I was on a massage table, naked in the middle of Fairfax. After 90 minutes, Anne whispers "Ok, all done. " I begin to whimper "no, already?"  She giggles and leaves the room so I can get dressed. At the front desk, Anne has more tasty Ginger Jasmine tea waiting for me. I will not hesitate to return Yelpers! I feel like a million bucks and I loved the experience at Malee.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,9/17/2013,53,115,1,7,2>Their piping hot kabobs are really worth the wait. They grill the meat as orders come in so it can take around 15-20 minutes for your number to be called.- Boneless Chicken: Gooood - tender and well-seasoned.- Bone-in Chicken: Even better and juicier (and cheaper)! It's worth the hassle of eating around the bone.- Kubideh: So flavorful and tender. I think I even like this better than the chicken kabobs. The onions and herbs with the ground meat make this very tasty. - Naan: Perfectly soft and chewy, not too bland or dry at all.- Chickpeas: Heavily seasoned with a nice spicy kick! A comforting and hearty side... best chickpeas I've had.The tables here got taller... I'm not sure when they switched out their furniture, but they're uncomfortably high. Save yourself the sore shoulders and parking change and get your order to go! ;)
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,9/16/2013,124,480,3,5,6>Ok...it had only been 2 days since the CMYE event here and I went back.  I just had to have some more of that buffalo chicken flat bread and crab cakes!  Maybe it is just me but I think they were even better tonight.  I also stole a sample of the cheese sticks from my friend's plate - it was like an all mozzarella egg roll with a sweet and spicy sauce.  VERY DELISH!  Also, I sampled the angry orchard beer and that was good as well...I'm usually appalled by the taste of beer but I could probably finish a whole glass of this one.  Our server (Alex) was awesome and he gets bonus points for changing the tv to the game that we wanted to watch.  This place has definitely made my list of places to frequent.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,9/15/2013,122,406,4,5,4>I had been wanting to try Maple Avenue for some time and finally got my chance with friends this past Saturday night. We made reservations about three weeks in advance and I would recommend you do if you plan to dine here. The restaurant is small with probably 12 tables in the main dining area. There is another small dining area in the back of the restaurant but it appeared to be even more casual and screened in rather than enclosed.Driving past, Maple Avenue does not look like much more than a divey diner. There is nothing attractive about this building and if not for Yelp, we would probably never have stopped in. The building looks like it once was a Krispy Kreme, but we were told by our server that this was the original location of Anita's. Inside there are small granite top tables and chairs - no fussy tablecloths - just simple and clean.The food is what stands out here. The menu is interesting and changes frequently - check the website as they keep menus updated there. We started with some small plates, shrimp and grits, mussels and Thai okra. They were all good, but I was surprised the Thai okra was my favorite. I've never had okra before and to be honest it never really appealed to me so much so that I resisted trying this dish. I am so glad I did - tender caramelized okra in a garlic lime chili sauce with scallions was delicious! The mussels were also quite tasty - the crostini were delicious dipped into the broth which had just a hint of spice from the Thai chili. Of the appetizers, shrimp and grits was probably my least favorite. Three tiger shrimp atop tender grits were just not quite as flavorful as I would have liked.For our entrees we chose the seared scallops, Moroccan chicken and soft shell crab. I am not a fan of soft shell crab so I declined tasting that dish. My friend enjoyed it quite a bit - just not for me. My husband's Moroccan chicken was so good - my favorite entrée of the night. Crispy, well flavored skin on a boneless chicken leg with a saffron sauce, roasted vegetables and couscous. I would order this dish next time. My dish featured four decent sized seared scallops on top of coconut risotto with a scoop of basil ice cream. The basil ice cream melted into the risotto resulting in a super creamy tasty dish. Scallops were fresh and had a lot of flavor as well - nothing like the Moroccan chicken, but delicious nonetheless.For dessert, we chose the chocolate dumplings. How can anyone say no to chocolate dumplings. They were fried just right - crispy on the outside with chocolate oozing out in every bite. I ordered coffee and Baileys to end my meal and was pleasantly surprised when they brought me a French press.Maple Avenue Restaurant is a wonderful gem in Vienna. I hear the brunch is quite good as well and am looking forward to giving that a try too. My experience here proves you just can't judge a book by its cover. Service was spot on all night and I thought prices were reasonable considering all the food we ordered. I will caution if you are a big eater, you definitely will find the entrees small. I almost finished my dish and that never happens when I am eating out. Love that they try to source most of their foods from local farms!
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,9/14/2013,141,195,8,5,6>Ahhhh...my 100th review!  And I wanted it to be a special one for me so I put this one off for awhile.  I had the pleasure of attending a birthday party here with my lovely 8 year old niece and about 30 other 7 to 9 year old girls.  It was a blast.  I didn't mind spending my Saturday with them at all.  Now, while most of the 'rents were standing along the edges and just cringing, I was on the ice with them and having a ball.  I nearly cracked a rib from laughing when they fell ( I know, I'm a jerk...but it was funny!).  I would just be skating along and feel a kid suddenly grab onto me to keep them from falling lol.  I love my Aunty Time with my niece as she is literally my twin born through my sister.  She was nervous at first but pushed through it and before the end of the night, she was off the wall, in the middle of the rink trying to complete turns.  I can't wait to take her skating again and have some more great Girl Time :)
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,9/13/2013,210,261,4,7,7>Since I was in the market for a BMW, I was a little hesitant about buying from a 3rd party vendor and not buying straight from BMW itself.  However , it was a Sunday, none of the BMW dealerships appeared to be open and it was the first time in weeks I actually had the time to go test drive.  A friend suggested we try Select Auto, since they are open on Sunday and have a huge selection of luxury autos and I figured , Id give it a try. Upon arrival we were greeted by Naser.  We told him what we were looking for and he showed us a few cars in our price range and we took them out for a test drives.  Naser was extremely knowledgeable about the cars and was extremely polite, never not once pushy.    My husband and I fell in love with one of the cars, a BMW 328 2012 and although it was a little out of my price range, I fell in love with it and HAD to have it.  As I am not the type of girl to buy a car without doing my research, I put 1000 down on the car with my credit card, while they held the car for 24 hrs.  In that 24 hrs I did a boatload of research and discovered that the car , with all the options, miles, etc was actually allot more at other dealers selling similar cars.  I was surprised, I had always though that the mark ups on 3rd party dealers were so high, but this did not seem to be the case. Since I'm a negotiator by nature, I was hoping to be able to negotiate a bit lower, and since my friend had bought from there before, Select offered to come down about 500 dollars.  From my understanding however, there prices are typically pretty low and they don't appear to negotiate allot, so I was very pleased that they did come down even if it was just a little.Overall our experience at Select was awesome. Naser always followed up with us and answered all of our questions with ease. He was a pleasure to do business with. The customer service, attention to detail, and ease of buying at Select really floored us and I left feeling great about the purchase I made.  So happy they were open on that Sunday, or else I probably would've never even considered them.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,9/12/2013,48,87,12,10,7>Super Pollo vs. El Pollo RicoDing DingRound 1 (The Sides):El Pollo Rico comes out weak with a left left right combo (rice, KFC looking coleslaw, and steak fries).  Super Pollo counters with a flurry of punches (chick peas, plantains, corn, spinach) and keeps it coming with plenty more.Round 2 (The Prices):Raised prices have El Pollo Rico on the ropes.  Paid a little less at Super Pollo for a similar meal.Round 3 (The Chicken):While El Pollo Rico comes out fighting with a juicy chicken, Super Pollo comes back with a spicy moist chicken of their own!Imagine that Michael Buffer is reading this part ...Judges score 4 - 3, 4 - 3, 4 - 3, winner by unanimous decision .... Suuuuuperrrr Pollllllloooooo!To sum up this battle from the winning corner, Super Pollo has a plethora of very good sides to choose from and a spicy juicy chicken that I have to give the edge to!
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,9/11/2013,980,560,7,9,9>I've been awaiting the opening of Matchbox since I learned that there would be a location in Mosaic and was finally able to try it out this past weekend with my boyfriend and Rob E.  I made a reservation via OpenTable to avoid the wait and we were sat immediately after we checked in.  They are currently only open for dinner, but hopefully they'll be open for lunch and brunch soon!For those who haven't dined at the other Matchbox locations in the area, it's American style dining with a menu filled with different types of salads, brick oven pizza, fresh seafood, miniburgers, and much more.  They have also have a great drink selection, from "girly" to "manly" cocktails (that's what it really says in the drink menu!), beers, and wines.  I helped myself to a glass of cabernet sauvignon because it would be a great touch to the pizza I ordered as my entree.We started off with the mini burgers (all with mozzarella for an additional $2), which come in increments of 3, 6, or 9 and come with onion straws.  The bun was soft, the meat was juicy and succulent, and the cheese was perfectly melted... it was my definition of the perfect cheeseburger.  The onion straws were crisp and light.I ordered the spicy meatball pizza.  I'm pretty picky when it comes to pizza because 1) all I ate when I was an adolescent was microwave pizza, and 2) I've been spoiled with Brooklyn style pizza after my many trips to New York and couldn't seem to eat a pizza the same way again -- but when it comes to pizza at Matchbox, it's ON POINT.  I loved every bite of it!On the other hand, the service needs to iron out a few kinks.  The hostess took us to the wrong table, It took more than awhile to get my glass of wine, (I also heard complaints from the table next to us about how it took so long to get their drinks from the bar as well) and our server wasn't very attentive throughout our meal.  Since they've just opened, I'm sure they'll be great within the next few weeks or months.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,8/31/2013,141,320,4,13,4>This is a great family restaurant. THIS IS NOT A DATE NIGHT PLACE!This is not the place to go and whisper sweet nothings in your lover's ear.This is not the place to go for a quiet evening out.It never ceases to amaze me how many people say things like 'not to hate on the bib & highchair set', but come on.  If you simply read the Yelp review before you go, you would see that Cafe Pizzaiolo strives to be a family restaurant.  That's why you can find stroller parking out front during the summery.  And it is right next to a pretty nice park too.  As for the menu, like any other place that does not set it's cheapest plate at $50, some things are better than others.  Here are my recommendations.Antipasto: The Brochette Platter includes six pieces two each of tomato caprese, pesto and mozzarella, and roasted peppers.  The Caprese Insalata is one of the best I've tasted with just the right amount of balsamic to no overpower the taste of the cheese.  The meat, cheese, and olive plate is always good, though I can't eat olives.Pizza:  The Diavala is simply amazing, having just the right amount of heat to give an interesting taste.  The Carne Mista is really good, though I do admit I like a bit more spice in my meatballs.  The Bacon Pizza is one of my go too choices.I also recommend the calzone, if you know what to put in one, and any of the gelato. Look, if you are looking for Two Amys for pizza and ambiance, Cafe Pizzaiolo is not the place to go.  It is that kind of place and it doesn't try to be that kind of place.  What it is, is a good place for families to bring young children and get good food.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,8/30/2013,157,256,5,7,2>I was at work one day and was jonesin' for a kabob. My usual kabob place is Mazadar in Fairfax. But I was in Arlington and patience isn't one of those things I have. Enter: Afghan Kabob House! As I sat at my desk, waiting to go home, I noticed AKH had a website that I could order from. Sweet! I placed my order. One chicken, one steak kabob. Potatoes. Rice with carrots and raisins. It comes with salad and naan. All this for like $13! I picked up my food and rushed home. The food is GREAT! Every single morsel that I could eat before I got crazy full. The rice was my favorite. I also found out that they deliver. *swoon* This has been helpful quite a few times. So this is my local go-to kabob place. The food is good. The people are nice. That's pretty much all I require.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,8/29/2013,202,406,5,5,4>Honey Pig! It should really be called Lover Pig because this is a place that is all about the meat. No offense to my vegetarian friends and yelpers. But just as a warning, they focus on the meat..You are seated and immediately greeted with salad, kimchi, and rice cakes. Upon quickly perusing the menu, you realize that you are in meat heaven. They offer ofher Korean specialties but like I said, its all about the meat. We ordered bulgogi, kalbi, Korean pancake, and chapche (noodles) The pancake is a fantastic mix of vegetables, sea food, and spices. The staff cook the meat at your table on the Iron Plate. It's hot and the bulgogi is thin and just waiting for you to eat. It is so freaking good. I do not use this expression lightly. But it really is good. Perfectly thin and grilled. The kalbi is just as delicious, marinated and grilled to perfection. Open 24 hours so you can come here anytime for your Korean BBQ fix. It get's busier in the evening, just as a side note.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,8/28/2013,161,146,,8,5>Ate here recently with my family and would highly recommend this place. The menu is huge - pizzas, pasta, Mediterranean entrees - and everyone  enjoyed their food. Entrees were huge and enough for two people w the exception of the pizza - the small 10 inch size was large but probably not enough for two. We all shared the dip trio - we chose hummus, tzatziki and the eggplant - all were good. Our server recommended the 17 spice one, but it sounded too spicy for our table. The prosciutto white pizza was awesome - crust was chewy and light and the balsamic fig reduction really made the pizza. Not overly cheesy, either. People I ate with had the chicken souvlaki and the gyro entrees, which were both really flavorful and well seasoned. Chicken was moist and tender as well. Server was super attentive and efficient, knew the menu inside out. Two small downsides which weren't bad enough to affect our experience - no draft beer (bottles only), and the hostess was a bit rude when we first walked in. Make reservations - it was packed when we went on a Sunday night and people were waiting for tables at the bar.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/19/2013,8/27/2013,421,454,12,22,15>We decided to give this place a try so we came here on a Saturday shortly before 5 p.m.   These days, we rarely go to Leesburg so every time we go we're always surprised to discover that there are new shopping centers---like the town center-like one where Burger Fi is.  Getting in and out of there is no fun as it is busy and congested.  It doesn't help that there is a Wegman's there either LOL!So, after finding a place to park, we entered Burger Fi.  The dining area isn't very big but at least it is bigger than Melt Gourmet and has better spacing between the tables.  The place is loud due to the music that is played.After looking at the menu, we placed our order.  The clerk who took our order was friendly.  As other Yelpers pointed out, no one asks how you want your burger cooked.  My husband ordered the Burger Fi Burger which consists of "double natural Angus burger, lettuce, tomato and Burger Fi sauce".  I did a "build your best burger" which had a single burger, American cheese, lettuce, tomato, fried egg and bacon.  We shared an order of fries plus we each got a soda.  All this came to $22.05.  After placing our order, we were given a beeper.The soda machine is a new one with a touch screen.  By the machine, are sauces and ketchup and tiny paper cups for them.  Also, there are straws and an unusual machine that dispenses plastic knives, forks and spoons.  It took a minute to figure out how this machine works.  Basically, if you want a knife, you turn the machine to the side with a drawing of a knife, then you turn a handle and out pops a knife.  My husband pointed out that this machine takes much longer than just grabbing a knife out of a container.Once we grabbed a table, it didn't take long for our burgers to be ready.  When the beeper went off, my husband picked up our tray of food.As for the burgers --- We noticed right away that the buns weren't branded with the Burger Fi name.  What?  I was kinda looking forward to that.  We was robbed, I tell ya! LOL!One thing that impressed me about my burger---I thought the size of the toppings was just right.  Some places go overboard with the lettuce.  Here, it is a very reasonably sized piece.  The tomato slice was very red and  ripe.  The fried egg was perfectly cooked as the yolk wasn't hard and the bacon was crispy.  The burger didn't have any pink coloring to it but it was still juicy enough.My husband enjoyed his burger.  He said that the Burger Fi sauce was sweet and he appreciated that they didn't go overboard with it as it didn't overpower the burgers.The fries were cooked in peanut oil and reminded us of Five Guys' fries, although we did think that they were  a bit overcooked.All in all, we both agreed that these burgers are a solid 3 stars.  We enjoyed them but we weren't wowed.   If we lived close by, we would stop in again since they are decent.  However,  we  think that it's not worth going out of your way for them.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2013,8/26/2013,318,205,2,5,3>high quality olive oils and balsamic vinegars. this was my first time tasting oils and vinegars like this--i couldnt really handle "drinking" more than one oil. bleh! but im a huge fan of all the vinegars and tasted all of them. the taste is true to the name. my favorites were the pumpkin vinegar and chocolate vinegar. they have more than oils and vinegars. there's also artisan pasta, spices, and even skin care products. it's a beautiful store and everyone was really nice and knowledgable about products.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,8/25/2013,185,238,,5,3>This place is tucked away in a strip mall in Arlington. It's a pretty awesome place, they have a wide assortment of cheeses, meats, wine, and beer from what I could see.  They let you sample the cheeses which is really nice. I really enjoyed myself while I was here, the customer service was awesome. I came in with a living social coupon for $50 of cheese. It was a decent (not great) deal because I found the prices to be on the high side. I would highly recommend this joint to anyone looking for a gourmet spot for beer, wine, and cheese.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,8/23/2013,27,87,,7,4>A very well-run and tastefully decorated establishment, Pho Ha Linh served up an enjoyable, Sunday late afternoon lunch. My friend and I shared the spring roll appetizer as a start: it was filled with fresh, large bites of shrimp, vegetables and rice noodles encased in razor-thin slices of white chicken meat, lettuce and rice paper. Being a cold and wet day, we each ordered Pho - she had the Tai (beef) and I had the Ga (chicken). I judge my Pho based on the broth and how balanced the proportions are of noodles, meat and spices. Theirs was heavenly - a clear yet rich broth that wasn't too salty or overpowering. The noodles were really fresh. My Pho seemed bottomless, as the more I ate, the bigger the bowl seemed to grow.There's enough variety on the menu from which the pickiest eaters may find something they'll like, although the non-carnivores may have to search harder or make a special request. Service was friendly and attentive; it wasn't too busy at that hour of the day, but the staff didn't stand around, so I never felt stalked or ignored. The minor lapse in knowing (or assuming the patron wouldn't know) the difference between black and jasmine tea was offset by the server's earnest efforts to please us. Overall, we enjoyed the experience and will be back.P.S. Nice bar.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,8/22/2013,29,17,12,16,7>I'll be the first to preface that thrifting is not for everyone and it's a hobby that you have to be in the mood for - I definitely used to be one of those people who was completely grossed out by picking through a stranger's secondhand items and actually spending money on them. With that being said though, Unique has definitely changed my mindset and won me over.This place is a thrifter's dream: it is literally a warehouse full of everything you could imagine ranging from clothes and houseware to Walkmans from the 90s and even old engraved soccer trophies. I've been here a handful of times and have been most recently impressed with their complete reorganization of the whole store. What seemed barely manageable before is now nicely labeled in each respective section which is amazing for a thrift shop of this size. I mostly browse the clothing and accessory sections and have walked away with some great finds for extremely cheap prices, i.e. a Southwestern print vintage sweater for $6?! I'll definitely take it. Everything here is carefully selected and cleaned beforehand but just use your best judgement with your purchases if you're worried.So if you're up to it, grab a friend, turn up Macklemore, and have fun searching through the various racks here. You never know what you'll end up coming across!
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,8/21/2013,127,433,2,3,4>Huge fan of this place from my Arlington days and still try to get back once in a while. Really not many places like this outside of NY, and not sure why others haven't tried to copy. All of the Adams Morgan pizza places range from mediocre to average to awful unless drunk. Plenty of decent sub places like Taylor Gourmet in merrifield but none that do subs and amazing NY pizza. I love the ninos pizza and calzone but having meat on it can be even better. Keep in mind they close at nine and that the lines are usually fairly long but they keep it moving well. Even the prices aren't outrageous. They also have lots of good Italian pre-cooked meals and other goods so you can even pretend that you made dinner for your significant other. Can't recommend this place enough for its quality ingredients and all the aforementioned reasons.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,9/25/2014,55,33,7,10,4>Literally IN LOVE with this place. Finally, something fun in Merrifield. Tons of free parking, Chipotle, Coldstone, Sweetgreen, Noodles & Co., Taylor Gourmet, retail shops, and target?? Just to name a few. It's like they want me to be broke and fat. Adorable baby boutique (but I forget the name...oops).Gorgeous outdoor spaces with fountains that my son loves to play in. We spend many warm afternoons eating ice cream and getting soaked. Theres a movie theatre there, but I haven't given it a try yet. HIDDEN SECRET: THERE IS AN URGENT CARE FACILITY INSIDE ONE OF THE PARKING GARAGES THAT ALSO IS A LABCORP. I always go there for my blood work, never had to wait more than 5 minutes. Amazing.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,9/24/2014,150,62,1,7,5>It opened recently in our area and we finally got to try it... we were pleasantly surprised! The restaurant is in a small strip mall and you could easily miss it while driving by. Inside, it was clean probably because it was new and the staff were very friendly and helpful in explaining the menu and the options.You can actually get a taste of each wings flavor before you order so that you don't have bad surprised! I tried a couple and ended up with the Cajun and BBQ flavor and both of them were fresh and delicious. The seasoned fries were fresh as well. They also had boneless wings, platters just in time for Superbowl I guess! A small complaint though, no napkins on the table for messy wings and you have to tear off a roll at the counter which is awkward and dirty with dirty hands. On the plus side, no trash cans and they pick up after you. I need to try a few more times to make sure...
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,9/23/2014,194,356,2,6,4>The Majestic is possibly my favorite restaurant in Old Town. Consistently great food, locally sourced, excellent cocktails and superb service. If I'm going to throw down $50 per person on dinner and drinks in Old Town, this would likely be my choice.Dinner last night was excellent. We dropped in late around 9:00 pm on a Thursday and they were more than happy to seat us. For starters we ordered the gnocchi, which was delicious. I was shocked by how large the portion was just for an appetizer, but the pasta was cooked perfectly, with an amazing beef broth based sauce. I highly recommend this as a starter.We almost always order the Cowboy Cut Ribeye, which is a hefty cut of steak bone-in, always cooked precisely the way we order it, and accompanied by crispy fries. The steak is large enough for two to share. For $29 I think this is actually quite the bargain considering that you would likely get a lesser quality steak and pay much more at many of the steakhouses in D.C.I must add that the cocktails here are often some of the best you'll find. The menu changes frequently and they actually have a book of all the drinks they have created over the years. Even better, the bartenders are skilled enough to create drinks on the fly (or look up recipes in the book) to find a drink that will fit your palate. On our last visit I was looking for a bourbon based cocktail, not quite as heavy as a manhattan, and our bartender made a bourbon lancer, which was simple, but very tasty. Just bourbon and champagne, but mixed perfectly and quite delicious.The Majestic is at the very top of the best restaurants in Old Town and would definitely hold its own against DC's best, especially at the price point. Just go and enjoy!
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,9/22/2014,22,113,5,5,6>My parents almost went to Nostos without me this weekend.  Unfortunately, Nostos' location in an office building off Rt 7/Gallows is a little inconvenient, otherwise I'd have been there more than twice now.The first visit I went a little crazy ordering plates, and there was an order mix-up so a second helping of lightly breaded zucchini came out.  Did not mind a bit.The second visit I went in with a game plan: do not order one of everything.  I don't know if our small table was a result of the reservation going from 2 to 3 or what, but our table was small.  Fortunately, unlike many restaurants, the tables are fairly spaced (I would hesitate to say generously spaced) so you don't feel like you're eating one on top of the other.  There was a large group that came in shortly after us which brought the noise level way up.  Our waiter wasn't overwhelmed but I think the head of the group was a little vocal (read: needy).  The front GM kept stepping in, taking this away, shooing the bus staff off to another table.. Not awkward but eh, was that really necessary?  As I recall the first time, our waiter then was slow with the wine refills and last night our waiter was slow, too.The meal was still speedy despite the large group in the room.  We had the feta and hot peppers dip before our meal.  The dip was great, could've used a bit more kick.  I ordered the zucchini again, roasted beets, and the imam baildi (baby eggplant).  The eggplant was seriously delicious.  My dad ordered one of the salad specials, unfortunately a closed mussel made it on to the plate.  A little surprised the closed mussel wasn't caught before it hit the table.  Mom had the traditional sampler, as always, and loved it.  Ordered the special dessert and Greek coffee.  The dessert was awesome, so glad we ordered two and I didn't have to split it!I'll keep going back because the food is tasty and perfectly sized.  It isn't pretentious and there aren't meandering drunk twenty-somethings.  Great little spot on the Vienna side of Tysons.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,9/21/2014,111,49,3,6,7>McKay's is the mecca of used bookstores, and really any bookstore for that matter.Before you come to McKay's, be sure to peruse through your bookshelves at home and bring any books you're ready to part with to trade in. When you arrive at the store, check in with the super helpful staff to turn in your books. They will go through your books and assess if they want to keep your book, and if so for how much credit you'll get back for each book. You then get a ticket that tells you the total amount of credit you have to find books with around the store. Sometimes they don't take all of your books back, so for any "leftovers," they have an area at the front of the store where you can leave any unwanted books and take any that others have left that you want for free.I've only been here on weekends and I can definitely tell you that it gets pretty crowded. It's good to plan another activity in the shopping center/area while you wait to find out how much credit you're getting for your books.McKay's isn't decorated any way special, but it does the job! Rows upon rows upon rows of books. Every genre for every age group. Hardbacks & soft covers. Novels, cookbooks, bios, a huge children's section, pretty much anything you could ever imagine & want. Often things you didn't even know you wanted until you were there scavenging around. There is also a decent selection of DVDs, records, and video games.My piece of advice is to come with patience. There is quite a lot to look for and it sometimes takes awhile to find what you're looking for.McKay's has recently done some updates in terms of their computer system, especially in terms of when to know if your credit ticket is ready. The ticket that you're given upon arrival has a word on it, and when your credit amount is ready the word shows up on a screen now. People come to McKay's from near & far, book lovers & those trying to get back into more reading (like me), no matter what enjoy it! There's not another place like it around!
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,9/20/2014,96,439,2,4,4>Turns out this little joint is pretty great!I'll have to go back and try the breakfast sometime (although they serve it all day long) to see if it's as good as everyone says, but I can confirm the lunch options are tasty. I had the black bean wrap (for some reason I find that I want to eat vegetarian a lot lately), which had an array of veggies, hummus, feta, etc., on it. It's not loose black beans but instead a black bean patty that goes on it. I'm a fan! The service was good and the staff is friendly. The inside is clean, although it's very small -- if it gets busy at all I could see it feeling very loud and cramped. But it was quiet when I went, and I found a table easily.The tables have decks of cards on them also, so you can brush up on your Rummy skills while you're there. Also seems like a great place for tea time! I had some China green tea, and it comes in an awesome little potion bottle (I'll upload a pic).Also of note: They have a juice menu, or you can create your own juice out of a pretty exhaustive list of fruits and veggies!The only downside is that the non-breakfast and sides menu is very limited, but what's there sounds pretty good. I do recommend you get a side with your wrap, as they aren't super big.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,9/19/2014,55,117,2,9,4>This is exactly what I hoped it would be. There are only a handful of authentic Mexican restaurants in Northern Virginia, most of the real ones that actually serve Mexicans in the DC-area are in the Bladensburg area of Prince George's County. So this is a great find.To start, the complimentary salsa and warm chips were excellent. I ordered some house made mango juice and it was outstanding, I was tempted to order extra to take home. As for the food, I tried three tacos: al pastor, chorizo and pollo. All were fantastic and the variety was nice. The tacos also came with a green and red salsa, and some limes.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,9/18/2014,133,159,7,6,6>YAAAAAAAAAS. This restaurant is bae. I love the ambiance of this restaurant. The interior design is just pretty different from what you would expect elsewhere in general. And how can you say no to seats with pillows and cushions?! Come on!The service was really nice and I'm pretty sure we were served by the actual manager(s) of the restaurant who knew what they were doing and what their restaurant was all about. Very friendly and made us feel.. at home I guess. The only bummer was that food took FOREVER to come out (the entrees that is).. almost 5EVER. But the quality of the food was so worth it. The mantu was scrumptious. The beef and lamb were flavored and cooked PERFECTLY. The rice was on point. I was pretty impressed because I was expecting eh-tasting, dry pieces of meat but I'm glad I was proven wrong. The rib eye was flavored well and pretty tender but was a bit chewy. Still good though.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,9/17/2014,26,84,11,6,7>Up on a corner of LRTThem tasty kabobs be calling me.Tucked in between bulgolgi makersTheir stuff's legit, they ain't no fakers.Afghan style with that yummy flavor,White rice, brown rice, girl, both I savor.Look at the menu son, put in your orderI ain't got time, I need a plate to murder!Chopan, quabili, shami, chalauSubzi, kadu, don't forget palau.Yo G what's better than meat on a stick?Easy kid. throw that shit in a gyro, slick!And if you cuttin' carbs like them healthy freaks?Don't worry, no hurry, they got veggie picks.I got my plate, kabobs, and rice, now what?Hold up, they got bread that's always hot.My plate is full, i wanna chow down!Not yet, get the sides before you go to town.Chick peas, spinach, curry, and lentilsAll over my rice, I wish for refills.While you're stuffing your face just don't forgetPump the spicy green shit all over your plate.This food's so good, I could go for more!If you can, that's what baklava is for.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,9/16/2014,55,132,1,9,7>I am not even going to comment about the ambiance and decor since one should not be expecting those for an under $10 meal. The place is clean, the cups are made of styrofoam, the plates of paper, but the food of pure unadulterated goodness. I have been here a few times already and this is my second most favorite Indian food place in the DMV after Rasika, but these two restaurants are two completely different levels. I tend to always get the Mysore masala dosa whenever I get a dosa. There is something sublime about dipping the rice and lentil crepes smeared in spicy chutney, into the spicy-chunky sambar. Oh yes, the sambar here is amazing! It maintains the texture of the lentils with big chunks of veggies and if you are lucky, one or more whole red chile pepper! My only gripe is that they don't sell paper dosa, but next time I am going to ask if they could make me one.I love S. Indian food because it's so simple. None of the overly complex tikka masalas and butter chickens and what not (which I like, don't get me wrong), but sometimes you just want some simplicity. It is where the ingredients shine and make you and your belly happy happy happy.Bottom line: Must try.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,4/15/2014,62,229,2,10,4>I was interested in trying Sweet Fire Donna's ever since they posted a sign about a barbecue place opening at that location.  The only problem is, well...that was all the way back in November.  Three months later, they are finally open.  I managed to visit them twice the first week they were open, and can say that I'm a fan of their barbecue.There is a mixed ordering system - if you're sitting at the bar you can order food from the bar, otherwise you walk up to the cashier and put in an order at the window then grab a table.  Their hours are 11am-midnight (pretty sure this is every day).On both visits I ordered the Sweet Fire Sampler, which came with brisket, burnt ends, pulled pork, and spareribs.  After waiting 3 months for them to open, it would have been a huge letdown if the food sucked.  Thankfully, this was not the case.  The standouts were the burnt ends and spareribs, though all of the meat was tender and moist.  Maybe not the most flavorful, but that means they made a great base for the four different barbecue sauces they had available.  The sides were a little bit of a mixed bag.  The cornbread and potato salad sides were just about average, but I really liked the baked beans.  The portion size for the sampler was generous.  The menu said "Feeds 1-2" but it's plenty for 2, unless the 1 is really, really hungry.Although I haven't gotten to check it out yet, Sweet Fire Donna's also has a happy hour Monday-Friday 4-7 and has a decent draft selection - I think I saw Port City and a couple of local brews.  Definitely want to go back for another visit soon!
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,4/14/2014,100,447,3,13,7>I have finally found a place for inexpensive, but quality seafood without driving out toward the Chesapeake Bay.  This includes the best lobster deal I've found in over 10 years in the DC area: 2 Maine lobsters for $20, and a little more for fancier preparations.Seafood preparations can be done traditionally (with Old Bay and butter, for example), or Vietnamese style.  Quahog clams, snow crab, oysters... are all at great prices.  Plus, from 6-8pm on Tuesdays and Fridays, it's $8 for a dozen topneck clams, $10 a pound for snow crab legs, and $1 a piece for oysters. If steamed, the sauces for the seafood come on the side - medium, hot, or spicy (or butter).  The spicy is not really spicy, but is nuoc cham (fish sauce-based) dipping sauce with some ground chili sauce mixed in. The clams were perfectly cooked and juicy, and are also offered raw like in Coney Island, or grilled with Vietnamese toppings (fried shallot, scallion, and such). We paid a few bucks extra to get the salt-and-pepper lobster, which had a perfect, light crispy coating that I've never found on the East Coast - instead of the heavy breading many Cantonese places have. Other menu highlights (written in descriptive, clear English) include Vietnamese meat-and-seafood hot pot, shaky beef (bo luc lac, served with a lime/salt/pepper/chili sauce instead of the Maggi sauce everywhere else in Eden Center), fried fish with mango salad, and appetizers not easily found elsewhere. For our first time, we came for the straight-up seafood, though.It's a bit empty on a slow, cold, non-weekend night, especially after the 8pm specials end, but the service is very attentive and friendly. Flat-screen TVs line the restaurant, there's a large outdoor patio with space heaters for non-winter months, and it's still much more inviting (and fresher!) than the Seaside Crab House a couple doors down. The jukebox, if someone plays something, is blaring, so I would advise steering clear of those speakers. I hear there is a DJ after 9pm on weekends, and I also saw hookahs behind the bar; however, it's not one of those sketchy men-only Vietnamese sports bar spots with purple tint on the windows. It's a seafood joint first, and bar second.I'm not sure if it's every night (last night it was about 9:45pm), but a grandma comes in selling exotic fruit - from peeled pomelo to bags of rambatan.   Accepts Visa and MasterCard.  Full bar.EDIT after ROTD: My sister visited Spicy a few weeks ago, and they had a new chef who was still "in training." Therefore, the lobster special is no longer available, but the waitress said that they expect to have all their dishes again once the chef is up to speed.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,4/13/2014,237,274,3,9,6>I came in back on National Coffee Day and absolutely fell in love with this place. It's easy to miss this place if you're not looking for it, but once you find it you'll never forget it. Because it was National Coffee Day, they were giving out free cups of coffee. Additionally, they had a tray of small bites like fruits and such. Talking to the owners (I think they were the owners), you could sense the love and passion they had for coffee.Nearing the end of my cup o' joe, I asked if I can take a to-go cup back to my dad who's a coffee fiend that drinks coffee every morning like clockwork. They gladly obliged. What really set their hospitality in the "above and beyond" category is the fact that I was in my car with my dad's cup and one of the owners dashed outside cup in-hand thinking I hadn't already received it. He insisted that I take it anyways leaving me with not one, but two additional cups of free coffee! Now that's what I call customer service.Overall, they have a great selection of coffee and the service is probably the best I've ever received in any coffee shop across the country. I don't frequent coffee shops, but if I'm ever in the mood for great quality coffee, I know exactly where I'm going... and it's not Starbucks.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2014,4/12/2014,459,643,3,12,8>If you've ever been to the ORIGINAL Ben's Chili Bowl, you know you have stepped foot into a DC Institution that has stood the test of time since 1958.  Yes, Bill Cosby helped with the ribbon cutting and yes Cosby and the Obama Family are the only ones who can eat here fo' free.  I was eagerly awaiting their grand opening and FINALLY hopped on over to grab some grub when they first opened their doors yesterday.  Yes the line was long, so long, it was out the door, so long there were news cameras but sir, I just want my half smoke!  The restaurant has memorabilia giving tribute to their original location: an old fashioned "juke box on the wall" despite the 90s R&B playing, photos of famous celebrities and politicians who have stepped foot at their location on U street but my favorite was the timeline of Ben's history on the wall with Bill Cosby's autograph when he visited for the ribbon cutting ceremony yesterday. There are also many tv's around that you can watch the news, games, with photos of Ben's that change every few minutes very cool.  This location of Ben's has the reminiscent red sparkly stools and old diner feel with a modern twist!Finally reach mecca, and order their famous Original Half Smoke- a pork and beef dog with mustard, onions, and their famous chili; cheese fries; and a vanilla shake.  Their menu also consists of hot dogs, chili dogs, chili bowls, chili rice bowls, chili burgers, chili salads- you get the trend?  CHILI not to mention their old fashioned milk shakes, sweet tea, and regular soda fountain if you're into that too.  I grab a stool at their counter overlooking the open kitchen and watch the kitchen team work together, pretty well, considering it was their first day.  It was obvious, they were getting used to a new computer system and finding their groove but they remained calm, positive, and worked together as a team so great job Ben's!  Everyone waiting was very patient and just really excited to be there- you could feel the good vibes in the air as Ben's attracted a much more diverse crowd than what you are used to seeing in Arlington.I receive my food piping hot off the grill. Half smoke with a side of chips, hot fries crispy on the outside, tender on the inside- covered with oozing cheese and a squirt of ketchup for good measure.  Vanilla milkshake thick and creamy and topped with whipped cream and a cheery on top! Classic! Everything delicious and just as sinful as the U St location.  They will also be open late night until midnight during the week and close at 4am on Friday and Saturday nights!  Finally, I can get some late night eats without making a far trek and can get my Ben's fix without going all the way to U street.  Welcome to the neighborhood Ben's Chili Bowl, it's great to have you and look forward to spending time with you!
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2013,4/11/2014,146,515,5,13,9>Hipster and beer nerd collide at Manassas's first brewery, BadWolf. BadWolf is a little bit different from many of the brewpubs and breweries in the area, so here's what to expect, and not expect, from this little gem near Old Town Manassas.Don't Expect: Food. This is a brewery only, although they do have an old-style popcorn machine for bar munchies/pallet cleansing. But feel free to bring your own food in. And they keep menus of the nearby Chinese and pizza joints behind the bar.Do Expect: A constantly rotating selection of unique, small-batch beers. While they have some standards that rotate frequently, others can be one-off experiments, such as the heavily malted (and slightly salty) Malty Dog. (Still my favorite from them). Then there's the Jezzebell, a very floral ale flavored with lavender. From pumpkin saisons to rauchbiers, they'll try whatever they think will make an excellent beer.Don't Expect: Beers to be on tap for long. All brews are made in VERY small, unpasteurized  batches, and the more popular selections can tap out fast. Their pumpkin porter, for example, tapped out in just about a day. Do Expect: A crowd. It's a very small space in a strip mall just outside of Old Town Manassas. Wednesday and Thrusdays aren't bad, and early Friday isn't either, but it can get crowded later on Fridays and on Saturdays. Don't Expect: Me to be sympathetic if you haven't checked them out yet. If you are a craft beer lover who lives in Manassas, or come to Manassas often, then get off your butt and get over there for a flight or a pint!
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2013,4/10/2014,273,378,8,14,11>Another Yelp hit! Cock and Bowl is my kind of place. Disclaimer: My kind of place may not be your kind of place. So, what is my kind of place? My type of place is cozy, has eclectic decor (bistro paintings and a large tapestry, Cranium on dining tables...), is situated in a, preferably, historic part of town, has a great soundtrack (Halloween hits last night), has friendly staff and relaxed feel, shows character, and, of course, provides great food. I have an aversion to white tablecloths and snooty staff, so the polar opposite is my cup of tea.If you can't get to Bistrot Du Coin for some luscious bivalves and are in the area (visiting or living here), Cock and Bowl can satisfy your mussels and frites craving. They have eight varieties of mussels. Highly recommend ordering pommes frites to accompany your meal, though the mussels do come with bread for sopping up the sauces. The mussels: For the very affordable price of $16, you get about four dozen mussels (colossal amount!) in a savory sauce, absolutely perfect for sharing. Our order was the "We are Champignons" mussels, which came in mushroom brandy cream sauce. We were very impressed by how tender the mussels were, akin to BDC's. The sauce, I will say, wasn't as good as BDC's, but still delicious.Cock and Bowl is a little hard to find because it's not on historic Occoquan's main street, Mill Road, but all you have to do is turn down one of the side streets onto Commerce and then go to Poplar Alley.Old Town Occoquan as a whole is just a fantastic little area to explore and shop. When you get hungry, Cock and Bowl's is one of the best dining options in the neighborhood.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,4/9/2014,232,240,7,12,12>I decided to take my lovely Pakistani friend here for lunch the other day after some shopping. I had been wanting to give her a break from cooking for me, which she always does when I come to visit. Being that I have no idea how to properly prepare Pakistani food, and that cuisine is her preference, I felt it would be best to go to a restaurant. After some helpful suggestions from Yelp friends, I chose this place and begun to convince my friend to make the trip from her house in Reston.I have to admit that the GPS directions were all but crap. It not only led me about a quarter of a mile away, but also took me to the wrong side of the road. If you feel you'll need electronics to get there, just be prepared for them to lead you astray. Also, the front of the building l was under a little construction, which makes Dera hard to pick out among the other businesses. It's in an older strip mall, so the facelift appears to be doing it some good, but for now it's kind of inconvenient for first time visitors. The staff is very friendly. My friend and I were treated wonderfully, and given extras of certain dishes, sauces, and even unordered desserts during our meal. The gestures were very kind, but when we were given an extra dessert and green tea at the end, I felt kind of like I might pop a button on my slacks. Haha! We first ordered the small platter, which included barbequed chicken, veal, and ground beef. Each were moist, boldly, but not overwhelmingly, flavored with just the right about of heat. Pairing them with the cool yogurt sauce in the fresh roti kind of made me think of tacos. Come to think of it, many of the Pakistani flavors mesh well with Latin...hmm...idea for a new fusion food: Paxican. Come on! Think of how popular that cuisine would be served out of a food truck!Our other entree was a chicken curry. Although it was flavorful and very well cooked, it was a little oily for my taste. In fact the top of the dish had large puddles of orange, spice tinted oil all across it. Talk about a stomachache and heartburn. Jeesh! Worth it? Yes. Would I eat it again? Strong possibility. If you all know anything about me, you know that I lloovvee gulab juman. It's my new craving in the sweets department, and Dera has it in supply and hot. I won't say their version was as decadent or yummy as Co Co Sala's (not that I was really expecting that), but it did manage to put a big cheezer smile on my face, which, in terms of food enjoyment, puts it pretty high in my book. :D I loved how Dera added a little red food coloring to it as well. The slightly pink color made it look like a shiny, round jewel fit for any 10-year-old girl...or me.  I really enjoyed my trip to Dera, and I'm even more happy that the meal was up to my friend's standard. Now I'll have a place to take her when she wants a break from cooking for me.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,4/8/2014,53,115,4,11,7>Who doesn't love fresh warm bagels on a Saturday morning?? I picked up a baker's dozen last weekend and have been enjoying them all week. Service is great here, and they do bagels RIGHT - they are thick, dense, and doughy *see pic* - the perfect hearty bagel. They're tasty even on their own, but Chesapeake has some good spreads:- Orchard cream cheese (dried cranberries, cherries, and pistachios)- Honey Almond cream cheese- Pesto with plain cream cheese - have to give the bf credit for this concoction; it's savory and delicious!They have a ton of bagels from sesame to jalapeno cheddar. And despite what other reviewers have said, I think the prices are pretty reasonable. For a baker's dozen, 2 tubs of cream cheese, and 2 toasted bagels with spread, the total was around $23. Not bad! And totally worth it for soft chewy toasty morning bagels!
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2014,4/7/2014,108,251,8,13,9>Located right next to the grocery store. My date and I had no idea what the name of the restaurant was but his roommate had recommended this restaurant and told us to look for a picture of Jesus in the restaurant. Surprisingly, we found the picture of Jesus!! We walk in and it was packed with Vietnamese people (good sign!). I love how the menu is small and simple b/c I usually get overwhelmed by large menus and can never decide what to order. I ordered #13 (dried noodles with grilled pork and egg roll) and my date ordered the rice crepes with ground pork and shrimp. Both were so delicious! My dish came with plenty of noodles and pork that it was enough to share and fill us both up. Prices are cheap but it is cash only. There is an atm located outside the restaurant if you forget cash. i will definitely be back!
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/23/2014,4/6/2014,122,406,2,12,8>Always looking for the next best burger, we visited BurgerFi with a Specialicious coupon last Sunday at about 1:30. The restaurant is located in the town center adjacent to Wegmans in Leesburg. This is a busy place on Sunday afternoon. We were lucky enough to find street parking, but there are a couple of public parking garages available. I will warn you it is a pain in the butt getting in and out of this parking area on a busy weekend.The restaurant is very modern and open with some bar seating at the windows and tables scattered throughout,.  The outdoor seating area looked larger and inviting, but not in these frigid temperatures. I had to laugh a bit when I heard a little boy begging his parents to eat outside. Although we didn't purchase soda, the soda machine was one of those touch screen versions with tons of choices. The area around the soda machine can get a bit crowded as that is where the condiments and utensils are as well. It was a touch loud with the music and kids, but not so much so that my husband and I could not have a conversation. We ordered at the counter and were given a buzzer. It did not take long at all for us to get our food.I ordered a single with mushrooms, sautéed onions, swiss cheese, lettuce, tomato, pickle and the BurgerFi sauce on the side (Thank you to Susan H. for the tip that the sauce can be a bit sweet). My husband ordered the BurgerFi cheeseburger which is a double with American cheese and the usual toppings. We also ordered fries to share and two milkshakes; peanut butter for me and chocolate for my husband. The burgers were a bit small in my honest opinion. I was able to finish which is a rarity for me. The bun was branded, but did not hold up too well to the meat and toppings. In fact, I would have to say the bun got a bit soggy. They did not ask how I wanted my burger prepared and I didn't even think about this until our buzzer went off. Although my burger had not a touch of pink, it was juicy. The one order of fries we shared was more than enough for us. The fries were crispy and tasty. My husband commented they would have been perfect if only malt vinegar were available. The shakes were thick and rich. I found my peanut butter shake to be delicious; not too sweet, but plenty of that peanut butter flavor I love. I found my husband's chocolate shake to be overly sweet - he agreed. I would not have been able to drink that.All in all, I found this experience A-OK. I wouldn't rush back out to Leesburg, but if I happened to be in the area and craving a burger I might stop back in.  A tip for families - although there were an abundance of children in this restaurant, they do not offer a kid's menu.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,4/5/2014,165,395,4,6,3>I LOVE Red Velvet Cupcakery.  Of all the cupcake places in the area this is hands down my favorite. The cake is the perfect consistency, moist, airy and delicious and the frosting is to die for! Their cream cheese frosting is out of this world! Case in point: I bought cupcakes for a co-worker's birthday today and ended up not getting something I would have picked myself. I was left with their "summertime", which is a lemon cake with a coconut cream cheese frosting (I'm a chocoholic, so this sounded super boring), but it was fantastic!!!! Again, I LOVE this place. Cupcakes aside, the staff is always super friendly too. :)
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2013,4/4/2014,30,48,,6,4>Nice find on yelp! We were a group of 4 heading to DC for some fun last evening and realized the weather wasn't all that good. So decided to pick a restaurant close by and came across Nostos since there was some protein craving within the group.Thanks to yelp and open-table, it was easy to make a reservation. We had an reservation for 7:45pm but were asked to wait for since we got in by 7:15pm. No big deal as they have a nice fullbar. I stuck to my Macallan but the girls liked their Cosmo.We were seated in the dining area, on time. Ordered some very cool appetizers and entrees. We ordered the 3 dip sampler, which included -MELITZANOSALATA - roast eggplant / olive oil / garlic / parsley / lemonSKORDALIA - lemony garlic TYROKAFTERI - feta cheese / hot pepper It was excellent. I liked the TYROKAFTERI the best!Not sure how drunk I was, but was brave enough to try the grilled octopus - HTAPODI. I wasn't a big fan of it, but I think it's more like acquired taste to me. When they brought that thing to our table, I almost jumped off my chair :). The KREATOMEZES was excellent. This platter includes beef, lamb chops and chicken skewers. The server wasn't happy when I told him to replace the beef with additional lamb chops. He went on to explain to me how expensive lamb was these days. This definitely put me off and told him, I am not there for free service and he should charge me the extra 2-3 dollars and let me enjoy my food. We also asked for some hot sauce/peppers and he went on to explain why we should not spoil the taste of their food by adding hot peppers to it. A little bit of crushed  on the chops would have made my day. :(This is where they lost a STAR from me. LOL.Ms.Vegetarian said she liked her HORIATIKI which is the authentic greek salad. She made sure they didn't put capers on it :). The last time she forgot about it and almost thew up on me ;)Overall very nice restaurant.Will I go back? Absolutely!Will I try that Octopus again? Depends much of scotch is in my system at that point in time.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/27/2013,4/3/2014,27,180,4,8,6>"Peter Chang - Fredericksburg" (Yes folks - that's apparently the correct name!)Since Yelp apparently doesn't have the staff or time to vet new restaurant postings, this place has several different separate Yelp listings for the EXACT same restaurant.  If anyone at Yelp takes the time to look up the Chang website, they'll see it's called "Peter Chang - Fredericksburg", & the bright scarlet neon sign above the restaurant itself simply says "Peter Chang".  So the rest of you folks who started listings under other names like "Peter Chang Grill" "Café", etc., etc., really should take the time to at least try to be correct before starting new listings willy-nilly.  And you too Yelp.  Don't you employ people whose jobs  are supposed to be to investigate new listings for correctness, consolidate multiple listings, combine the reviews, & post them under the proper restaurant name?  Guess not.That said, we popped into this place last Friday around 7 p.m. after enjoying an afternoon movie matinee.  Place was packed, but since we were only a party of two, were seated in about 5 minutes.  Large bright dining room, but with a LOT less ambience & charm than the Charlottesville location.  The booth we were seated in (near the kitchen) had a constant run of bus people wheeling carts of dirty dishes past us over & over during our entire meal.  Unpleasant.  There are several small flat-screen tv's posted in the dining room - all showing video documentaries about Chef Chang.  Sorry, but this is SO tacky. Were told that they didn't carry husband's favorite Sapporo beer, so we both ordered Tsing Taos, which were brought super-chilled alongside equally super-chilled glasses.  Wonderful.We've been long-time fans of Chang's place in Charlottesville, so were expecting & did receive the same quality of food.  For appetizers we ordered our longtime favorite "Dry Fried Eggplant" ($10.00) - totally  greaseless eggplant batons doused with Szechuan peppercorns & cilantro.  Totally addictive & a must-have.  Even self-proclaimed eggplant haters love this stuff.  In addition, we tried a new one for us - "Hot & Numbing Shredded Tofu Skin" ($8).  For the uninitiated, tofu skin is a byproduct of tofu production. Popular in vegetarian dishes.  In this dish, it's shredded into "noodles" & seasoned with chili oil & Szechuan peppercorns.  Frankly, for me it was absolute AMBROSIA.  I won't be able to visit a Chang restaurant from now on without ordering it.For entrees, hubby ordered the "Stir-Fried Jumbo Shrimp with Asparagus & Snow Peas ($18).  Shrimp were definitely jumbo & cooked beautifully - very tender, & may have even been velvetted.  Nice dish.  I ordered the "House Special Fish Filet" ($18 - Sliced fish, mixed vegetables, spicy pickled pepper sauce).  It was served in a large tureen set over 2 little sterno burners, bubbling away.  We blew those burners out since the bubbling was fairly severe & the fish was obviously already cooked.  The dish was okay, but sort of on the meh side.All in all, we're somewhat consistently finding that we're more in love with Chang's appetizers/snacks than we are with the entrees.  We've pledged that next time we visit a Chang restaurant, we'll be making a meal out of 4-5 appetizers instead of the usual venue.Service was excellent; dinner before tip was around $80 or so.  Bottom Line:  Food at the same par as Chang's Charlottesville place.  Ambience was just a little too commercial for our taste.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,4/2/2014,83,195,3,10,5>21 Nail Lounge intrigues me like any other brand new nail place. There's a certain feeling that you get when you know you're sitting in a pretty new massage chair and everything seems so clean. We tried their classic pedicure which came with a free classic manicure. This deal runs on Monday-Wednesday only. For the Arlington area, the price is right. Service was nice and the tech (Lauren) was gentle with my nails. I did notice that my massage wasn't as thorough as my friend's was. I did appreciate that she took the time to make the polish look nice--she even re-did one of nails (without me even bringing it up) because it didn't look right. They have paraffin available for hands and feet...I highly recommend getting this treatment. Not only is the paraffin cool to look at, it makes your skin SO soft! Trust, everyone needs a little help moisturizing in the winter time. Don't worry, they have OPI and some Essie colors!I suggest making an appointment on weeknights because we tried to get pedis one night right before 7pm (they close at 8pm) and they only had 2 people there and both were busy. Oh well that was a bummer...but this is how I found out that they take appointments via phone or on their website. It might help that this location is a couple of doors down for Bonchon so after you get some wings and drinks, you can relax in a massage chair and get pampered!
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,4/1/2014,60,108,4,14,7>So I met a friend here because she is German and would not shut up about the food and how this place has the best weinerschnitzel EVER!  (Ok, so I already know I am going to butcher the spelling on these foods.).  Don't say I didn't warn you.  =)I drove an hour all the way to Ashburn to meet her.  So if my butt is gonna truck out over an hour, then you better damn well please me with some foodie yumminess.  This place does NOT disappoint.  Now, I can't really compare other Austrian or German food because, well, I haven't really had any.  Yeah, yeah I know.  This is an Austrian restaurant.  But according to my friend, it's very similar to German food.  The only time I've really had German food is when my very sweet patient (who happens to be German wil bring us home cooked meals for lunch.  She always brought in schnitzel and German Potato Salad and made this delicious German cheesecake.  I have a friend who is Slovenian and says the food is very similar and always praises nice German lady for the food.  It really is delicious!I came here and got the Weinerschnitzel and potato salad.  I also got to try the sausage and sauerkraut my friend got.  SO GOOD!!!!  For dessert we got (I can't pronounce it), but it kind of reminded me of funnel cake or a sweet pancake with a strawberry sauce.  I would definitely come back (and yes, drive the over hour commute) for this place.  Ok, it wouldn't be all the time, but I would.  Prices are kind of high, but based on the taste and food quality, it's well worth it.  Ashburn and surrounding peeps living in the area, you are blessed with this gem.  I really hope this place succeeds and continues to serve great yummy food.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2013,3/31/2014,418,262,8,20,12>Yes, it's in a mall.  But, would you believe me if I said you will find THE best Sichuan beef and tendon noodle soup in the country at this place?  It's true.  Most niu rou mian I've had look way better than they actually taste.  The soup here has spicy broth (dried chili peppers galore), tender beef, chewy tendon, and pickled mustard greens.  The bowl is $10 and is larger than your head.  It also comes with a ladle.   And all that makes this place awesome.  I leave with a broth belly each and every time, but oh so pleased.  I've been here five times and never felt the need to order anything else.  You should follow suit.  You will be so happy you did.Note: If you do not eat beef tendon, order it with just beef.  As a third option, you can order just beef tendon.  I order half beef and half tendon.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2013,3/30/2014,17,128,,8,9>My husband and I moved to Ashburn about a month ago and we've already been here twice!  Love that they have organic ingredients and that it's a local business -- I'm always more inclined to give my business to local places.  I love even more that they have fresh squeezed juices and they are DELICIOUS (in particular the orange).My only complaint would be that since this is called "Fresh and Organic Bakery," the majority of their ingredients should be organic instead of upcharging for their organic ingredients.Regardless, will be back!
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,3/29/2014,168,346,6,9,5>Spicy ground chicken kabob.  Do it.  It's a spicy party in your mouth.  A large party, too, since you get 2 massive logs of kabob goodness.  Ordering ahead cuts down on the wait time since it takes awhile unless you don't mind waiting a bit for said party.  Something else that's a party pleaser?  Their bread.  Fresh and fantastic, especially with their yogurt sauce that's worthy of bathing little children in.The chicken (joojeh) is also a fun party goer but I've had less fun with the kubideh and the lamb.  They party too hard and can get tough If you know what I mean.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/3/2013,3/28/2014,180,1695,3,9,5>My husband and I were finally able to try this place out - we ordered Samosas and Tandoori Chicken Wings as appetizers.  The samosas were filled with seasoned potato and peas, wrapped in a deep-fried crispy pastry pouch - the filling was very flavorful, and it didn't need the sauce at all (I wasn't a fan of it anyways) - don't forget to take the little string off as that holds the pouch together on the top.  It was a pretty good samosa, and I haven't had a good one in quite a while!  The chicken wings were well-seasoned as well, but I prefer my chicken well-done - however, it had good flavors of the yogurt, ginger, garlic, cumin, and chili powder.  I ordered the Butter Chicken Makhani and my husband had the Chicken Tikka Masala - I preferred the latter as the sauce was amaaaaazing - it was nice and creamy, and it had that extra oomph; great with the rice and/or the naan that you can order.  I didn't really care for the chicken as they were dark meat; if it was filled with white meat, I'm sure it would have been much better; I think I would also try the Paneer (vegetarian) version, without the meat, as the sauce was flavorful enough where you wouldn't even miss it.  Service was with a smile, and the place was packed for a Sunday evening.  Definitely order the Chicken Tikka Masala and the samosas - you can't go wrong with those.  I would also like to try out their daily buffet (even available on the weekends).
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,3/27/2014,520,1346,6,10,9>Run, don't walk, to Arlington Nails & Spa.  But be sure to bring your sandals to change into, because you won't want to ruin your new pedi.  It's the best manicure/pedicure I've had in a long time.  The salon is bright, modern, and roomy--a rarity in this area.  They offer a good selection of colors, TV, and magazines.  There are plenty of stations and plenty of nail techs.  I can't remember the names of my techs, but I've had two different ones, and liked them both.  One was a man and he was quite meticulous.  During the manicure, not only is a scrub used, but they use hand warmers while the cuticle remover is soaking in!  Love it.  The pedicures are great, too.  Probably the best foot/leg massage I've had during a pedicure.  A mani/pedi with a design on each big toe costs $41.  Cash only for tip.There are a few cons.  Razor usage is not what I'm used to and the techs seem to be lacking in design skills.  Also, I was hoping to find a salon where I can be waxed as well, but their waxing prices are too high.  However, do not let this deter you from visiting.  It's definitely one of the better nail salons in the area.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,6/5/2014,487,282,6,10,12>Southern hospitality, friendly yet quiet atmosphere and funky Louisiana decor makes this a place I plan to return to at least monthly if not more.I started off small, but I truly enjoyed the alligator bites that come with their housemade secret cocktail-like sauce yet spicier! I then had some of their fresh-baked French bread that they also make in house with a delicious bowl of crab and corn chowder. It doesn't sound like a lot but it was quite enough, believe me I was full. The menu is quite extensive and I saw so any things that's want to return a try, though to tell you the truth, I am more interested in coming in for their daily specials as the owners give the cooks free reign in the kitchen to get creative! That's so refreshing to hear and at the same time not surprising because you can taste the love and care they put into cooking all their dishes. The cooks take pride in their work, so I can't wait to see what the have going next time.The restaurant itself is situated on the corner of an intersection off center street, great views from all the windows but also on the smaller side when it comes to seating even though they don't overcrowd it so you feel perfectly comfortable. The bar was wear I say and Deanie was one of the best bar tenders I have experienced to date, she is attentive and good about refilling water without you having to ask or coaxing you into another drink. I felt like she was and old friend I hadn't seen in awhile and she was just as open and friendly to the other patrons sitting around at the bar. She had it all under control! If you're an Abita fan, they keep 8 different kinds of Abita on tap, ready for a tasting in authentic Abita beer glasses as a matter of fact and that you can purchase for $5 if you like it that much!
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,6/4/2014,62,87,1,9,6>What a nice addition to the Shirlington area!I've been here twice now, and still can't get over the wonderful ambiance of the restaurant. It has a very rustic/country feel. Really love the log wood wall behind the bar. Both times we have sat in the bar area because if offers both the bar menu as well as the regular dinner menu. Gives you a few more option which is what we liked most about sitting at the bar. Once you arrive you have popcorn as a starter to munch on while you are reading through the menu.Their happy hour offers $1 raw oysters as well as $1 off of a selected wine and beer list. It is a pretty sweet deal. It is offered daily from 4 to 7 p.m.First time here for starts we ordered:House Garlic Parsley Frites: cut in house, seasoned with garlic oil and parsley, side of smoked tomato ketchup. They were nice a crispy and shoestring style. Really enjoyed them along with the smoked tomato ketchup.Duck Confit Corn Dogs: batter dipped and fried, served with smoked tomato ketchup and beer mustard. Really enjoyed these as they were different from your usual corn dogs. I also really like the beer mustard, it definitely allows for lots of flavor as you dip your corn dogs in it. For Entree i ordered the Petite Filet:  8oz grilled, steakhouse seasoned, served with duck fat roasted fingerling potatoes. I ordered my filet medium and it was cooked to perfect. It also came out nicely cut and ready for enjoyment. The potatoes were also wonderful. One thing to keep in mind they garnish their potatoes with bacon, which proved to be problematic for me since i do not eat bacon. I am giving them a ding here because it should've been listed on their menu description. For dessert we had: Stout Brownies with Nutella Ice Cream. Mainly wanted to try this because of the Nutella ice cream (i love nutella everything) so i am slightly bias in this review. Would have to say that there might've been too much brownie on this plate. (Can't believe i just said that because i LOVE chocolate.)Second Time here my friend and i decided to take the sharing approach.Began with 6 chilled oysters, which were very fresh and delicious. Keep in mind it was a $1 per oyster.We also had the Grilled oysters, which were delicious. The butter sauce that came with them, was magnificent. Probably not so good for you, but nonetheless it was perfect to add on to the grilled oysters.We also had the Lamb Burger: herb goat cheese, tzatziki, pickled red onion. Our preparation choice for the lamb was medium with fries on the side. The lamb was cooked perfectly and the fries were to die for. However, one downfall to the burger was the bread, it was more of a roll which was slightly dry and overpowering the rest of the sandwich. If a substitution is possible for the bread i would recommend this sandwich otherwise. I also had a glass of the Standing Stone Riesling wine which was wonderful and help cut into the heavy lamb burger.The restaurant is a bit on the pricier side, but if you are coming for happy hour with some friends and are willing to share your orders i think it is worth it.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,6/3/2014,219,376,6,11,10>Finally getting a chance to try one of Jose Andres' restaurants! My bf treated me to a birthday dinner here. The atmosphere is really nice, I like the decor. Our waitress was kind and was helpful when it came to reading the menu since it was our first time having tapas-style dining.Croquetas de jamon (ham croquettes): it was one of the specialty menu items that night. It was tasty. There was something that tasted a bit on the salty side, it may be the cheese that was used or the ham itself. But nothing a little glass of wine couldn't fix though. ;)Vieiras con puré de calabaza (seared scallops with butternut squash puree): amazingly delicious! Scallops were perfectly cooked! Loved it!Lomo de buey con Valdeón (grilled hanger steak with mustard and Valdeón blue cheese sauce): this was pretty good! I thought the blue cheese would bother me since I'm not a fan, but it complimented the steak well. Great to get for meat lovers!Arroz con costillas de cerdo Ibérico de bellota (paella with pork ribs): you have to get this!!! We loved every bite of it! It tastes similar to Adobo (a filipino dish). Highly recommend this! Paella dishes take about 30 minutes to make so order it early! It's good to share between two people.Pastel de chocolate y avellanas (chocolate hazelnut cake with praline ice cream and salted caramel sauce): our waitress recommended this and she wasn't wrong - it was soooo good! I just love all things chocolate so it was perfect! They even put a candle on it for my birthday. :)Overall, I would give this place a try. We received great service and glad we got to go here.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,6/2/2014,246,200,10,16,12>Provocative and exciting!     Walking by the Green Pig after the NoVA Yelp Elite HoHoHoliday party in Clarendon last week, I was drawn on my tiptoes to the aromas wafting from kitchen and out through the open door like Pepe Le Pew! What a great olfactory advertisement, free of charge, and spilling out into the street.       Inside, I was impressed by the ambience--rustic plus industrial decor without appearing crowded or jumbled, and seating designed so that although the restaurant was full, we were able to enjoy reasonably intimate seating (where we could speak to each other without shouting and didn't feel crushed. All in all, a trendy and modern vibe with plenty of texture and architectural interest.      What a great concept---some of the more obscure cuts of meat in their finest form, beautifully executed sauces and preparations, delivered in a decidedly French rustic style! The courageous chef put together a lovely eclectic menu of upscale comfort food, provocative twists on old favorites, and daring dishes made with not only succulent porcine offerings but also lovely combinations featuring lamb, rabbit, skate, duck, bone marrow (so that's what those strangely shaped spoons in my grandmother's silver service were for) and a surprising number of creatively prepared offal dishes.       The "trough" (libation selections) was inclusive and featured quality and provocative offerngs of wines, beer, and cocktails to suit almost every palate. I was in hog heaven over the pork tostada in all its savory goodness.  The pork was perfectly seasoned, juicy, and flavorfully succulent-- paired with a crisp, homemade tostada and adorned with crunchy purple cabbage and piquant salsa verde.  Beautifully executed!
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,6/1/2014,84,1122,4,11,9>The Revolution has begun!Kings Mountain, Revolution & Sovereign Stout.I tried one of each and they were all good. I lean more toward the Revolution, a nice malty Amber ale. The tasting room is open and airy and offers a full view of the 20 brew tanks and  artisan half tanks against a backdrop of Old Glory.You must try this place. It's more than a place to drink beer.It's a celebration of our heritage as Americans, it captures the spirit of those that have gone before us and offers a nod to the history of our American Revolution.The Kings Mountain gives remembrance to a key battle as the Patriots defeated the British Loyalist in this area near my home town in North CarolinaAn independently owned & operated brewery in Old Town Manassas.They focus on sustainable practices and local organic ingredients, they are 100 percent American.Congratuations to Sean, Julian & Ryan on realizing your vision and a successful opening on a chilly New Years eve in Old Town.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2014,5/31/2014,54,172,4,7,5>With the closing of El Dorado (when did this even happen?!), I was craving papusas in a major way. A friend of mine had recommended Tipicos Gloria a while back but I had been skeptical. Well I finally took that plunge and tried it out. Don't be put off by the hole in the wall feel of Tipicos (I admit, I was at first too). What it lacks in aesthetics it makes up for in deliciousness. Even though language can sometimes be a barrier, the menu is numbered and has photos. You can generally just point to things as needed.  The place is small and only has a few tables. Definitely don't show up with a crowd unless you plan on getting your food to go. Don't worry, all to-go orders are expertly packed and travel well if you are in a 10 minute radius. Their bean and cheese papusas are fantastic. Seriously. Inside each one is the perfect ratio of refried beans to ooey gooey cheese. The outer tortilla is soft yet slightly crispy. I almost always order two.  It is served with a small side of cabbage slaw that has a little tang.  My other favs include the steak tacos and the nachos. The avocado is always fresh. Overall the servings are generous and the prices are low. Order a papusa and you won't be disappointed.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,5/30/2014,242,306,3,11,6>Wait, I just realized: how have I not already reviewed Four Sisters yet?!?  I generally choose Four Sisters when I want viet food with better ambience that won't break the bank.  What might break is your patience though, because there is literally always (and I mean always) a wait! But luckily 30 min - 1 hr isn't bad considering Merrifield / Tysons is BOOMING. Table turnover is actually decently speedy... And they have a small bar at the entrance. Note: They stop taking reservations / call-aheads at 5pm!Must haves include the crispy spring rolls and those meat/lettuce wraps with rice vermicelli patties. The crispy spring rolls are made with thicker skin for a chewier crunch! As I was telling my fellow friends/yelpers, this is probably 1 of 2 places I've ever had the eggroll-type spring rolls at.The popular claypot fish tends to be too sweet for me.  The 2x I've had the shaky beef have also been good.  Grilled shrimp is sometimes overcooked, but I can never resist. Grilled pork is always a solid choice (come on, it's pork!)I probaby rate this at the higher end of 3.5 stars. PS they're opening a location in Clarendon!
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2014,5/29/2014,333,669,6,8,9>This is a veterans owned company and will be moving to a new location due to their highly successful dinner show. I would first recommend finding a groupon or living social coupons if available. It always make people happy if you can save a few bucks.Be aware that this place is booked every weekend so you need to make your reservations well in advance. Also they changed up their show I believe every 6 months.The bathroom situation can be an issue because of people drinking. The new facility we were told will have more restrooms for men and women but for now be prepared to wait since only 1 of each. When you check in you will be taken to your reserved seats and enjoy a four course meal. The food is decent and derives from recipes that can be traced back to the medieval ages.Your wench will bring your food to people of 7 at a time to be shared among everyone. You will also be given a sacred coveted spoon to use for eating, a wash cloth to wipe your hands, and water. With your meal you can decide to drink 2 beers or 1 honey mead. I would highly recommend the honey mead and you can even buy a bottle to take home from the bar. The bar does offer other drinks and a plus they do offer gluten free beer!!! My husband was extremely happy since this is an oddity. My favorite part was the sword fight. FYI when they say move towards the center of the room please do that since it will get you a better view of the fight. I would recommend that if you are a girl that you might want to see about being picked to help cheer the knights. I scored a free drink for this. :) actually my husband did because I was the DD. Speaking of being a DD, I overheard that that person get unlimited soft drinks for the night. I stuck with water but something to look into if you like soda and stuck with the horrible job of being a DD. Just remember when you go there, it's to have fun and it will be stupid. I didn't like all the food but I could appreciate the fact that I was eating foods from recipes that are centuries old.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,5/28/2014,110,167,8,14,11>There comes to a point of every true yelper foodie's life when you feel like that you have tried everything there is to offer, short of having to fly overseas. No food cuisine excites you anymore, because you have tried them all. Sushi isn't exotic, it's normal, I eat raw fish like it's nothin'. Thai food is the Chinese food of now, and you can get it on any block. Ethiopian? Yawwwnnn, that's considered mainstream now. Vietnamese food? I've been eating that since I was 5. Then there are the cuisines that are not as well known, and you find out why, it's just not very good. Every once in awhile, you finally discover a new cuisine. A cuisine that opens up new worlds, with new spices, and depths of flavors you've never had before. This is what Bangkok Golden did for me. I've been trying to find new cuisines to eat, I felt like I have almost had them all. I have been hearing about Bangkok Golden's Laotian menu for some time and I live down the street, but I have never dragged myself there until I was truly bored of everything. I've had plenty of Thai food, so I opted for the Laotian menu.I got the crispy rice salad, tamarind fish soup, and pork skewers Laotian style. The crispy rice salad had interesting flavors I've never had before. I'm a meat man but this dish had strong bold flavors, without the use of meat. It tasted very fresh, and gave a nice interesting crunch from the rice. Even without meat, this dish was delicious.The tamarind fish soup was also really good, and provided a sort of "sweet and sour" taste. It was different enough and tasty, I'm a fan. I've had skewers of all types, but the pork skewers did not disappoint. It was grilled perfectly, and had an interesting depth of flavor I haven't had on pork skewers before. It also came with a sauce, and sticky rice that you ate with it. All dishes came packin some serious heat, but I could handle it after eating spicy foods from around the globe. But a warning for those who don't particular eat spicy foods, Laotian is definitely on the higher side of those!All in all, a delicious meal with spices and flavors I've never had before. I will definitely go back, and will explore other Laotian cuisines. I'm sure even though I feel I've experienced most things around here, sometimes you just need an experience like what I had at Bangkok Golden to remind you that it's definitely not the case.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,5/27/2014,83,246,6,11,9>Super sweet staff at this new local business trying to establish their brand. The place has danishes, sandwiches, bagels, wings and more! I got a multi grain bagel toasted which tasted like pretzel bread! Also, I was able to order a half pound of tuna fish that was made on site. This place will be a nice addition to the area as there are only a few establishments with in a 20 min walking radius here. For those who like delivery they delivery to the surrounding area. On thing to note is they are still working on the atmosphere so don't be shocked when you walk-in and see tons of empty space. After all they've only been open for a week or two.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,3/26/2014,56,479,,7,6>I try really hard not to give out 5 star ratings, so on the rare occasions I do give 5 stars it stands out as something truly unique.  I waited to write a review for The V until I had been there twice to confirm just how good it was.  Both times I have been there with my family, the service has been top-notch - very prompt, professional, and friendly.  The food is extraordinary.  Based on other Yelp reviews, I had to try the ahi nachos - OH MY!  Those were amazing!  Then I had the butternut risotto with salmon and it was so good I wanted to lick the plate clean.  My wife had the Savannah Shrimp, which she said was good although the rice was undercooked.  They quickly brought a new bowl of rice for her and the manager stopped by to apologize for the rice.  Otherwise, she said the shrimp were very good.  They have a good kids menu, too.They have a great variety of beers on tap.  I had  hard time deciding what to try, and it turns out they will do a sampler of small glasses of 4 beers, and you get to choose which beers.  I had the Bad Kitty and LOVED it.  Reminded me of Kilt Lifter from The Pike's Brewing Company in Seattle.  The other time we ate at The V was for Sunday brunch.  My kids loved it so much they've been begging us to go back every Sunday.  My only complaint was the noise level was pretty high, but I can see they've tried to do something about it.  They have sound-absorbing tiles in the overheads to dampen some of the sound, so my family was able to hear each other across the table.  Loved it.  Definitely going back again.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,3/25/2014,194,356,,9,4>A fabulous neighborhood Mexican restaurant. The bartender, Jose is super friendly and made our dinner at the bar just a fun and enjoyable time. We stumbled in on a Friday night with the Amazon Local deal and the place was totally slammed. I couldn't believe how many people came in after we arrived...one after another for such a nondescript restaurant tucked away across the Braddock train station.We started off with a Dos Equis and margarita, since it was happy hour. The margaritas were excellent by the way. Very smooth, but not overly sweet. I couldn't tell what tequila they used, but it tasted like a higher end tequila than most restaurants would serve during happy hour. It was delicious. To top it off, I couldn't believe the draft beers were only $3.00 during happy hour. Now that's more like it!For dinner we started off with the chicken quesadillas, which were very good. A large portion, with tender chicken, and lots of cheese. This dish could definite serve as an entree for some.We shared the Dos Amigos fajitas (steak, chicken and shrimp), which were superb. The kitchen is open to the dining area, and we caught a waft of the steak cooking on the grill, which just whetted my appetite for savory steak fajitas. The fajitas exceeded expectations with a huge portion of chicken and steak and three large shrimps. The onions and peppers were fried perfectly and the dish came out sizzling, which is EXACTLY the way fajitas should be served. Throw some onto a soft flour tortilla with some guac and its simply delicious!!Dos Amigos far exceeded my expectations for a small Mexican restaurant in Old Town Alexandria. Great service, reasonable prices, and amazing food. Highly recommended for some great Mexican food and a margarita!
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,3/24/2014,17,150,,10,5>This is a brand new gourmet burger restaurant located just off the Dulles Toll Road in the retail space of the Blvd apartment complex.  If you have been to Smashburger or something similar, this will be not a novel experience, but that doesn't mean it isn't  worth a try.  What Burger 21 has going for it is a nice dining atmosphere, friendly and efficient staff, and most importantly, really good burgers.  I had the BBQ bacon burger, and it was perfect.  Well seasoned, cooked to medium, juicy but not greasy, and balanced on an excellent bun.  The fries were good and complemented well with a wide variety of proprietary dipping sauces.  They also offer sweet potato fries, but I did not try them.  I usually don't do milkshakes, but watching them mix them while I waited to have my order taken, I couldn't help myself.  The strawberry milkshake I had was excellent as well.  Prices are in line with most other gourmet burger places.    Burger 21 also offers hot dogs and chicken tenders which were hand breaded and very tasty.  Parking right now is not too much of an issue, but that is because this complex hasn't been completely built out yet so there are not too many retail tenants competing for customers.  As this is where the end of new silver line for Metro trains is coming , this will get more congested and probably a little harder to access.  For now, Burger 21 is a great choice and one place your really need to try if you want a great burger.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,3/23/2014,305,94,4,13,7>Years of pampering at inimitable NY/NJ pizza establishments has, understandably, contributed to my very high expectations when it comes to this classic comfort food.  Here I was, mocking NOVA as the faux-pizza capital, when one day I accidentally came across Pupatella.  I have since been taught to appreciate and respect the Italian Neapolitan style of pizza that never quite stood out to me before.  But than that's because it was never prepared this well for me before either.  The Margherita DOC is one of the simpler pies here and yet the ratio of fresh, high quality ingredients, contrasting textures, and inviting aromas create an experience that is nothing short of inspiring.  Every bite caters to and excites the five senses.  To top that off, the hazelnut gelato with an espresso shot serves as a divine palate cleanser.  Your tastebuds will be thanking you!  The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is fun and accommodating of large groups.  Parking is nearly impossible but will never deter me from coming back again and again.  After a long search, my NOVA pizza haven has finally been found.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,3/22/2014,111,49,3,10,7>Oh, where do I begin! I am Greek/Mediterranean food obsessed so when my friends and I finally had the chance to try out this place together, I couldn't of been more thrilled. We secured last minute reservations the morning-of (for a Friday night) and I'm glad we did because this place had a steady flow of patrons the entire time we were there. My only real complaint of the evening is that our table was sat in what seemed like the walkway into the restaurant, which also happens to be right by the front door. Again still grateful they squeezed us in with a reservation so we never complained. I will give it to them that they had a hanging heater thing above half of our table but when the door was opening and closing, especially at the beginning, we found ourselves shivering. Oh well, we got over it, and now onto the more important part -- the decadent, melt-in-your-mouth yummy FOOD!We all had a hard time choosing what to order, so many great options! The table shared a few appetizers. Grape leaves - yummy and very fresh, tzatziki & pita bread - always a winner & given with a nice portion of pita bread. And my personal fave -- the baked Greek feta cheese. Omg such a simple dish, but so so yummy and lived up to my cheese-loving expectations. The roasted veggies and marinate that comes with it is good too. My friend ordered soup and it looked delicious and was also a nice portion. Almost all of the meals come with a side portion of Greek salad. What a nice touch! I'm a big fan of the basic Greek salad so I really enjoyed it, and the veggies on it, including some of the biggest olives I've ever seen, were super fresh.Moving onto our main dishes -- three of us, including me, ordered the Taste of Greece which includes Mousaka, Patitsio, and Spanakopita. Holy moly, I thought I had died & gone to foodie heaven. Each one of these items had their own flair and you better believe I loved every single bite! It was a large portion of each item, and it was enjoyable to taste all the different flavors. I loved each one of them, but if I had to pick a favorite it would be the Mousaka because I'm a big eggplant fan. Yum yum yum! Other things my friends ate included a variety of gyro items, chicken souvlaki platter, and our junior diner with us for the evening had a gorgeous dish of spaghetti! Everyone was very, very happy and many had leftovers to show for it.Onto dessert. We shared a few things and didn't regret it! Two of my friends had rice pudding; I didn't taste it but they seemed very happy with it. Had a bite of the homemade baklava, which melted in your mouth and was oh so good. Lastly, Jodi C. and I shared Galaktoboureko, described on their menu as: creamy based custard and filo dough drenched in lemon and orange infused syrup. This dessert was described to a "tee" on the menu and man were we glad we ordered it. It had a very unique, rich flavor. It was served warm. The zestyness from the lemon and orange was not overpowering but more enjoyable actually. Our dessert came out well after everyone else's but the menu clearly states that this dessert is baked to order, and takes 10 minutes. Next time maybe they could just bring all the desserts at the same time!Four of us shared a bottle of Greek Merlot and didn't regret it! Probably one of the best wines I've tasted in a long time actually. Others in our party enjoyed a few Greek beers and few glasses of wine. The service was excellent and attentive. Our server Gloria, was alway efficient filling up our water glasses and tending to our other needs. She also did a great job at the end splitting up our check. We were a group of 8, so I know that's not easy and we appreciated it!I cannot wait to come back here and in the meantime encourage all of you to visit too!
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,3/20/2014,202,406,4,14,6>OMG I was so excited to see that Capital Teas opened in the Mosaic District. Frankly, I get excited anytime something new opens at the Mosaic but I was particularly excited to see this tea shop. Finally, I don't have to schlep out to Dupont Circle for this tea shop!This location of Capital Teas is very cozy and inviting on the inside. Plenty of seating and a place to come and linger over a cup of tea. Their tea is displayed all over the shop, and includes many samples for you smell and some to try. Think of Teavanna but more upscale. You want to enjoy the aroma first before you taste. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable about their teas. They were also very patient as I sniffed probably all of their teas before deciding which one I wanted to order. Very good customer service in my book. I ordered a blueberry green tea which was delicious. Disclaimer: They did not have any prepared teas besides a chai tea latte. All their teas are loose leaf teas and take a few minutes to steep and prepare. So I would not recommend stopping here for tea if you are in a rush. Apparently they now serve bubble tea?!?! What? I think I will have to make a return trip soon.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,3/19/2014,260,347,5,13,10>Before going to eat here today with my family, my friend and yelper Brandi K. had told me to check this place out. I was worried about the reservations because Brandi K. had told me they are not very good at actually reserving seats. My sister had called Saturday night for 7 people at 4:30 pm the next day and they said they had us locked in. So I crossed my fingers hoping when we came the next day, we wouldn't have to yell at anyone and wait a long time for a table. Well we came around 4:15 pm today (2/9/14) and we got seated right away and to my surprise there were maybe 3-4 tables being used throughout the whole restaurant. That was awesome because I heard this place gets packed but it was practically empty. Our server Amy greeted us right away with glass of waters. She explained how everything works since none of us have ever been here before. She even showed us the different recipes for the sauce bar and she'd even help us out if we needed suggestions. It's an asian style fondue, hot pot. Think about The Melting Pot but asian fusion style. So you have to cook the food yourself and it's all you can eat so you can get as much as you'd like. How the ordering works is basically theres a piece of paper and you either check mark or write how many quantities you want of an item. Theres all types of meat such as house marinated beef (must have!!!), ribeye, chicken, beef tounge and tripe. Alot of seafood options from mussels to jumbo shrimps. Then they have dumplings (my other favorite & must have), fish balls, and beef balls. At the end, you give you options for vegetables such as bok choy, chinese broccoli, tofu, mushrooms, and spinach. Everything was fresh, the soups were hearty and full of flavor. The only thing I hated was I ate the peppercorn...twice! OH MY GOODNESS, I was dying. My mouth felt so disgusting and I almost threw up. Whatever you do make sure you look down at your food when your eating especially if peppercorn is in your soup. For the soup we had two different hot pots, the one with my dad and I we ordered the spicy broth and the herbal broth. I really enjoyed the herbal the most. I didn't really even use the sauce bar but I liked the sweet chili the most. They have all types of sauces from hoisin, chinese bbq, sweet chili and ingredients like garlic, onion, vinegar, sugar and peppers to make your own.  I can't even tell you how many times we ordered, I'd say 5-6 times just my dad and I. All the food came out correctly, except for one time they just forgot one bowl of rice, no big deal. But I am surprise how fast they were and how accurate our orders were for both hot pots at the table. Awesome job for that! Amy was an awesome waitress, she was on her A game tonight and consistently kept coming to our table asking if we needed anything, refilling our water, refilling our soup and taking things away that we didn't need. She was attentive as can be and always had a huge smile on her face. She was very inviting and overall very friendly. She really understands hospitality and giving great customer service. And especially for a demanding table like ours, she was amazing. I noticed alot of people's reviews were the customer service problems but maybe today was my lucky day because I didn't experience anything bad of service. Come here with a HUGEEEEE appetite, or don't eat the whole day and just wait to come because you'll be eating alot! $23/person was definitely worth it. I haven't been to an all you can eat place in a while and I'm glad this was a better, even healthier version of an all you can eat option. Some things to keep in mind is it said there was a 2 hour limit, not sure what happens if you go over that. Also, a 10% charge if they find extra excess of food in the soup or in general that you don't end up using. I guess they don't want to waste anything.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,3/18/2014,129,171,3,8,7>Have I really not written a review for Liberty Tavern?  How can that be?  Liberty Tavern has the best brunch in Arlington, without a doubt.  Their Farm Table, which is a buffet, is full of items that will have you make at least 2 trips, if not 3.  On holidays that fall on a Monday their brunch is usually open as well.  If you have a group of two you can usually just show up and sneak in somewhere, but I highly recommend reservations if your party is 3 or more.  Make them in advance as well because this place is no secret.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/9/2014,3/17/2014,108,321,2,9,5>***3.5 stars***I took advantage of the Specialicious deal of $15 for $30 worth of food.  That gave me and the hubby two burgers (the bacon bleu and the green chile cheeseburger), an order of onion rings, a cherry soda and a beer.  The total with our deal was $6 and some change.This joint is pretty small and definitely not good for groups unless you want to stalk diners for their tables - the largest size table is a four top.  Lucky for us, two seats opened up at the counter/bar while we waited in line to order, so my anxiety with finding a table was relieved.  The bar seating is right across from the register and where you order, so the aisle can be pretty tight.  There are gourmet chocolates by the register, but we were so full, we didn't have any room to try them out.  I assumed everything was going to be good and pretty filling, so maybe I'll make another trip out just to try the shakes.The burgers are pretty big and super messy.  Try as you might to keep it all together while you're eating it, but our burgers fell apart after the first bite.  The bacon bleu had a lot of cheese on it.  It was kind of overpowering, but the burger was good.  We read other reviews about the green chile burger not being spicy and that's how ours was.  It was still good without the spiciness.  All in all, the trip to Melt was worth it.  Their beef patties are bit on the thicker side and I like my burgers to not fall apart on me, but all the flavors are good and I look forward to another visit one of these days.  I also did really like their burger buns - did I read that they were made in-house?
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,3/16/2014,67,229,,8,5>I am so excited to see a branch of this great restaurant now in NoVa. The food here is just totally awesome. I went with a group of people and we all ended up tasting each others' food. I loved every single thing I tried. The sliders with onion strings are addictive. The cobb salad is a work of art. I love that you can choose from a variety of proteins to sub into your salads (beef, chicken, seared tuna, etc). The pizzas are absolutely perfect. I loved the fire & smoke and also the prosciutto & black mission fig (which, with its combo of sweet and salty flavors, was so good I'm still craving more days later). The crispy asian short ribs were phenomenal. The meat just falls apart in your mouth. So juicy, tender and flavorful. The service was fantastic - incredibly nice, personable and knowledgeable about the menu. One of our party asked about the heat level of a dish and not only did our server NOT pronounce it "chi-pole-tay," she knew that chipotles were smoke-dried jalapenos. The wine and beer selections also impressed. Next time I need to save room for the apple crisp. I would love to try their brunch here someday, too. In summary, I love everything about this restaurant and I am excited to go back.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,8/5/2014,190,399,6,10,6>East Gate Orthodontics is one of those places that make me happy to be a Yelper!  Dr. Omar and her staff are top notch and I feel like they go out of the way to make sure each of their patients are fully taken care of, educated in their treatment plan and content in the chair. Dental work doesn't always have to be a scary thing; the ladies here certainly have proved that statement. From chatting with others in the waiting area I understand that she comes highly recommended from the kiddos as well!Two enthusiastic thumbs up!!
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,8/4/2014,303,378,8,18,10>Excellent food, service, and ambiance.We had a friend visiting from out of town, so we decided to make a reservation at Water & Wall for a nice dinner for everyone to catch up. Several of us arrived early, so we grabbed some drinks at the bar (cool semi-circle by the way). Their take on Moscow Mule and Akita 75 are very refreshing.When we did take our seats, our waitress was prompt and friendly. She wasn't pushy and answered any questions we had about the menu, even entertaining our inquiries about things we saw on Yelp but weren't available on the menu. Additionally, we found out that some items can be ordered on the side, such as the garlic mashed potatoes. Another surprise was that the hostess had found out that we were having someone from out of town, so they brought out some complimentary champagne. It's a really nice gesture and definitely kicked up the celebratory atmosphere.We all ordered different dishes, and I went with 2 firsts and a main. The mixed salad was simple with a light dressing and crumbled goat cheese and candied walnuts. The scallops were perfectly medium-rare with a great sear on the outside. The accompanying clear broth was just the right saltiness and richness to counter-balance the natural sweetness of the scallops. The main of lamb loin was cooked, again, pretty much perfectly medium-rare - seasoned perfectly with the harissa. The asparagus was firm and not mushy.Other dishes were great as well. The chicken liver mousse was mineral-y but not overly salty. The fried green tomatoes had a crunchy-but-not-thick batter and were freshly tangy. The duck confit is their biggest hit, and it's justified with its deep flavor and tenderness. The catfish had a good bite and wasn't overpowered by the sauce it came with. The five-spice chicken wasn't overdone and went well with the purple rice. The beef brisket was tender and had a sweet-salty Cheerwine sauce.After all that, we were looking forward to dessert. Sadly, no mochi flight available the day we were there, so we opted for all the other desserts. One slightly disappointing dish was the carrot-cake ginger-ice-cream sandwich because the carrot-cake cookies were a bit tough. They would be better served if they were softer or fluffier. The bread pudding was luscious and thick. The strawberry shortcake was delightful with the vanilla panna cotta. The berry cobbler was tart and completely summer-y.Overall, W&W is raising the Arlington dining scene to a different level while keeping that neighborhood familiarity. The personal, professional service is what separates it from the rest. The inspired dishes and techniques also make for a  refreshing dining experience.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,8/3/2014,168,231,6,15,7>Get the Ben's Original Half-Smoke! It's Bill Cosby's Favorite and it was mine, too!! I tried a bit of the strawberry milkshake and the chili n' cheese fries too! The milkshake was just the right level of creamy. The chili is all that it's cracked up to be.Along with the yummy food, the people who work here are so accommodating, super quick for a place that just had its grand opening, and really nice!!! I love the atmosphere of this place - I felt like I was chilling with Mr. Cosby himself! There is also a sweet jukebox to get all your oldies in while you have some delicious chili!!!
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2014,8/2/2014,141,320,5,11,7>I saw all the other Annandale Yelpers descending upon the new Dice Burger location, so I decided it was time to try it.  I had seen some of the reviews on here and had trepidations, but I was ready for a burger option other than Five Guys.We came at a rather odd time on a Saturday, after lunch but before dinner, so I was not surprised that the place was quiet.  The first thing I noticed behind the counter was a guy standing by hunks of raw meat waiting to turn them into burgers.  I was half prepared for frozen burgers like one of the other reviewers said, but that was not the case.  After that, I noted a pleasant smoky smell that added a nice accent to the clean spacious interior.  Then I realized that I was thinking about accents and spaciousness in a burger place and was kind of embarrassed. I got the Smokehouse BBQ Burger.  The burger was juicy but not greasy and actually did have a wood grilled flavor, like when we cooked burgers over a fire at Boy Scout Camp.  The BBQ sauce was sweet and tangy and did not overpower the burger or the bacon.  My only complaint was that the 'onion' was really red onion, which has a qualitatively different taste than the regular yellow onions I love.  My wife enjoyed her All-American Burger, though she said the top of the bun was a little too crusty.  My kid apparently liked the Kids Burger, which he proceeded to eat while lying on his back in the booth, tired out from running the Annandale High School track with his father.  In all the burgers, were far superior to Five GuysThe fries were unremarkable.  They weren't bad by any stretch of the imagination, but they did not have the fresh taste of Five Guys.  Luckily for me, I don't really like Five Guys fries.  The soft drink selection is also disappointing. My biggest complaint is the price.  Two adult burgers with fries, one kids burger with fries, and two fountain drinks was over $28.  It's not as bad as Burger 7, but it still is pricy.I want to give them 3.75 stars, but will have to round up to 4.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,8/1/2014,138,252,5,6,4>The staff and food at this second location are as awesome as at the Courthouse one. Their sandwiches aren't cheap, but you get a BIG sandwich, and they're super fresh and delicious. I was so happy once I realized they do their breakfast sandwiches allll day. The Wilson with fluffy eggs, cheese, and corned beef hash (genius) is huge and pretty much what all breakfast sandwiches aspire to be, especially when you drizzle on some hot sauce.I like that this location lets them fully open up the front windows - it comes up in one big panel like a garage door, so you get a great breeze on warm days, and it's great for people watching.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,7/31/2014,153,102,5,9,5>Yummyyyy! Bolivian food is so good! I came here one afternoon with my little sister, who recommended this place. When we arrived we were greeted by a nice man and were immediately seated. I heard this place gets packed though, so come at werid times to avoid the rush :) but if you want to wait, its worth it!First you get some bread. Let me just give the bread its own section. Yes, its that good! The bread here is so fresh and hot, like hottttttt. Becareful not to burn your hands lol!  I never rave about bread but the bread here is delicious! I asked for more, hehe don't judge. The bread came with a spicy green sauce and butter. The sauce is spicy, just the way I like it, i feel like I could have came here for the bread and I would be happy. We ordered 1 empanada and 1 saltena. Both were amazing! I can say i have never had an empanada this good. Nice and flakey on the outside, hot and packed with flavors on the inside. I had to order more and even ordered more to take home. (Oink, Oink). The saltena was one of the best I've had, I ordered more of these too. (OK, I know this is a lot of food to start but we aren't here to judge people right?) For the main course: I got silpancho and my sister got some other beef dish but it was soo good. The portions are huge! My silpancho was perfect! The egg on top and nice steamy rice sandwiching a meat patty with yuka on the side. I was so sad that I was full and had to take the rest home because I kept wanting to eat.  I never take food home because if you know me, I eat a lotttt. :D I want to go back and try more of their food. All of this was 35 bucks! Great deal!The only reason its not a 5 Star review is because the service is very slow. Not because they don't pay attention to you, they do and they are so friendly, but because the food is made to order so it takes awhile. But totally worth it! I Recommend it to everyone!
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,7/30/2014,33,158,2,8,4>Got 2 slices of the meat lovers to take home and so far so good.  Lots of toppings and 2 slices with a med soda is less than $10 so that's cool.  They're open for dine in, carry out or delivery.  Brand new place here on Sudley road and they have a lot of competition.  Between all the regular chains you also have Tony's and the other Tony's so that's a lot of competition I'm not sure how they'll do it but I wish them luck.  they've got all the usuals like garlic knots and salads, pizzas and subs.  They add a touch of Mediterranean with Gyro's but its mostly italian with things like chicken parm and penne alla vodka.  Lots of choices for pizza toppings so if you like to think outside the box when making a pizza they have things like gyro meat and anchovies.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,7/29/2014,48,106,2,6,5>Having lived in France, I appreciate a local bakery and fresh baked bread. And, after being able to walk to an amazing Parisian boulangerie, every day, for almost a month this summer, I have gotten spoiled. I was definitely skeptical of the bakery but happy to give a small, local business a chance. My first visit I bought the boule of multigrain bread. It is dense and wasn't as soft as I would have liked. And, it was really a multigrain party throughout the entire bread. Usually, it's just on the top. So, you have been warned! I probably should have had them slice it for me. So, next time, I will. This last trip, I grabbed some pastries for a dinner party I was having at the house because I didn't have time to make anything myself. Again, I was full of skepticism. However, let me say that I was very pleasantly surprised. I thought I was going to have to apologize to my guests, but we were all in heaven. I bought the mille feuille and the Paris Brest. Both were exquisite! To quote my friend, the Paris Brest's airy cream filling is what would happen if "a cloud and Nutella had a baby." Yes, a very delicious baby. Finally, their staff is really very friendly and sweet. They make going there a pleasant experience. I will be back to sample the rest of their offerings one by one. So far, so good!
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,7/28/2014,88,223,5,7,5>Find the time to visit Port City.  Make the time to visit Port City.  A visit to Port City will always be rewarded with excellent beers and a good time.  If you see a pineapple up on the sign, stop by.  You will be greeted by the smell of malt and hops steps before crossing the entrance threshold.  As a first timer, I recommend taking the flight of beer, even if there is something on the menu that you think you won't like.  It is still worth it, and you'll probably be able to swap it out regardless, but I highly recommend trying them all because you might be pleasantly surprised.  You'll see a lot of price quotes on this yelp review, but I think that is because they went through some trial and error process. As of Saturday, 3/15/2014, it was $10 for a flight of six beers.  The beer tastings are 6oz and there are six of them, so be careful.  That is a lot of beer for $10 and for one person to drink and then plan on driving.   Plan accordingly... and linger over the delicious beers.   TIP - bring a few snacks.... packet of almonds, or bag of pretzels.  They don't serve food here and you will want a little something to nosh.  WARNING - this place somehow sings a sort of siren's call to all preppy faux hipsters and weirdly enough, loud frat-type guys.  No offense to either, but that usually isn't my scene.... far too much posing and posturing happening.  That said, the bar tenders are anything but pretentious and you'll be made to feel instantly at home by their generosity and kind manners.   The staff in general are all very friendly and welcoming....
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,7/27/2014,87,193,2,8,6>This place seemed to be very popular and I can see why; a cozy coffee shop with a beautiful exposed brick interior, eclectic art, friendly service and good coffee. We got here around 10:30am on Sunday when there was still street parking and tables available, but by 11 the place was pretty packed. It seemed like people liked to buy something and sit there and talk or use their laptops.  They have quite a few choices of coffee but I didn't see anything with caramel in it so I opted for the next best thing: nuttella! I thought the espresso overpowered the nuttella so it was a little more bitter than I'm used to. But it was still good and the coffee was very strong, I wasn't tired at all that night. I also tried the chicken saltena which was good but it had a very strong curry flavor. But I've never had one before so I don't know how they're supposed to taste. It was really filling and I only ate half, I think it would be good to share. Their pastries like muffins and danishes looked really good as well. If I was in the area I'd definitely swing by again but I don't think it was the best. I'm going to give it 4 stars any way because I thought the atmosphere created and the customer service deserves it.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,7/15/2014,273,378,3,11,7>Superlative Chinese food. This is, to date, the best Szechuan meal I've ever had. The very nice server stopped by frequently to see how we were doing and my answer for her was always the same, "soooooooooo goood mmmmm." She probably could tell by how eagerly I was shoveling everything into my mouth, cheeks puffed out and mouth chewing furiously. Not a pretty sight, but the food sure was.We began our meal with their unique scallion bubble pancake. I've had scallon pancakes before--the flat variety. Most of the time, my impression is meh. Peter Chang's unusual starter is special. Instead of being pancake-like, Chang's reminded me more of Vietnamese hollow donuts (banh tieu), with an also naan-like texture. The scallion bubble pancakes comes out in twos, looking like two orb-like vessels for other food (I looked at Tom N and was wondering if those "vessels" contained some other dish...) The round puffs and the curry sauce that accompanies them were amazing. The dip is akin to the sauce served over Singapore noodles, though a thicker consistency. I am still dreaming about these airy "pancakes" days later.Next up was the dry fried eggplant. Delicious! Instead of being sliced into wedges. the eggplants are cut into thick strips, tossed in a flavorful batter, and expertly fried to perfection. Frying is not something that every restaurant can get right. Some fried items turn out too soggy or too heavily breaded. Seasoned with cumin--the smell will hit you in the face when you enter--and tossed with dangerous red chili peppers, the aubergine is uniformly crispy, addicting, and satisfying.For the entrees, we shared a medley of mushrooms in a special sauce and bamboo fish, which was dipped in a batter similar to the eggplant but with even stronger hits of cumin. Various types of mushrooms were thrown in a fiery, though not unbearable, red sauce. Be warned: The dish features whole cloves of garlic, not for the faint of heart or non-garlic fans. The sear on the pieces of garlic was awesome.All dishes were spectacular, with the exception of one dish we ordered: the soup dumplings. As usual, they take 15 minutes to prepare and come served with soy sauce for dipping. Chang's rendition of the astronomically popular dish is okay, according to Tom N. Surely, it didn't surpass Joe Shanghai's and could even be topped by Shanghai Taste in Rockville.That was the only ordinary item on our table.It's hard to believe that such piquant, delicious, and authentic Szechuan flavors can be found this far south, but believe it. If soup dumplings are your only interest, then Peter Chang's is probably not worth making the drive for. However, if you are looking for a restaurant that serves up spicy and tasty Chinese food, then Peter Chang's should be visited on at least a monthly, if not biweekly basis. And the great service is icing on the cake.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,7/14/2014,146,515,5,7,8>I can see how reviews can swing both ways for Arlington Pub. It is, after all, a hybrid craft beer bar and coffee bar in the upstairs of the Clarendon Whole Foods. So I'll pose this questions to my fellow beer hunters. What matters to you most ... atmosphere of the bar, or an excellent selection of craft beers on tap, including a few that are hard to find, at rock bottom prices. If you are in the camp of the latter, then you will love Arlington Pub.I stumbled upon Arlington Pub a bit on accident. I was in the area and had heard lots of great things about Galaxy Hut and wanted to check them out. I got there about 4:15PM and found their door locked. Having to REALLY need to use the bathroom, I decided to hop across the street to Whole Foods, take care of business, and then figure out a place to kill time until 5PM. As I headed upstairs towards the restroom, I saw that my search for a place to kill time would be over quickly. Behold Arlington Pub.They had recently had a tap takeover from Oskar Blues Brewing, the brewery best know for Dale's Pale Ale. Tap takeovers are a great way to find and sample beers that you rarely see. In this case, it was the excellent Ninja Cow ESB. I found it a bit dark in color for an ESB, but had that characteristic ESB smoothness. They were on the tail end of the tap takeover, so some of the OB brews were tapped, but had been replaced with some interesting options. They offer a flight, so I decided to sample a few of the other OB offerings - their 10 Fidy Imperial Stout and Gubna Imperial IPA. I also threw in selections from other breweries - Sump Coffee Stout from Perennial and Allagash Curieux, a Belgian Tripel aged in Jim Beam bourbon barrels. These are all VERY strong beers, but the flight pours were generous, and there was no upcharge on the strong brews. The flight, normally $5, was $4 for happy hour. And prices like this is what makes you forget that you are enjoying cheap craft beer on the top floor of a hipster grocery store. My pint of Ninja Cow, normally $3, was a dollar off for happy hour. Throw in a double espresso to finish off after the flight, and my tab was under $10. And the bartender/barista actually functions as a checkout cashier, so there is no need to tip and no place for tipping on a credit card transaction. (I didn't ask if they were allowed to take cash tips ... I didn't have cash, so it was a bit of a moot point.)So if you can get over the fact that the this is a bar on the upper level of Whole Foods, you'll find Arlington Pub is a great place to kill some time and enjoy a great selection of craft beer at insanely cheap prices.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,7/13/2014,321,489,6,14,9>I finally had the chance to try Shamshiry with one of my main gal pals, and it was an experience that epitomizes something that I've grown to love about the DMW area, and it's the abundance of "authentic" non-"American" dining and cultural experiences in an environment that allows me to enjoy the cuisine and not feel like an outsider, but at the same time, allows me to kind of be the fly on the wall and get a real flavor - so cool!Speaking of flavor, you'll find the food kind in a good abundance here, but you have to decipher the parking situation first. It's not immediately clear where you're allowed to park in the pseudo office building complex where Shamshiry is located, but once you find a spot, you'll be swept away into an atmosphere replete with white tablecloths and mirrored walls, and tables full of Persian families enjoying a good time. Even though our waiter was brand new, the owner/manager did come by a few times to check on us, which we appreciated. Overall, we were very happy with the service, and it allowed my pal and me to catch-up without feeling hurried or hungry. For starters, we did a Persian tea, which was nice and warm, but was missing some of the deep herbal flavors I've come to expect from some other similar restaurants. For also did the Sabzi salad and the cucumber tomato salad, and aside from the whole pita-in-a-ZipLoc-thing, the salads were really fresh and amply-sized to share among two hungry women.As for entrees, I opted for the tandoori chicken with extra green spicy sauce, and chose 1/2 salad, 1/2 rice, as the normal serving of rice is enough to feed a family of 4 - I am NOT kidding. I enjoyed the juiciness of the chicken and the rich, spicy flavors of the green sauce, and the rice was of course perfect. My friend chose the salmon filet with full rice, and while she polished that salmon right off, she only ate a few bites of the rice - it seriously was an overwhelming amount, but that's better than not enough!I will definitely return to Shamshiry - don't let its office-like location deceive you, this is Tyson's Corner, after all, and some of the best restaurants are hidden in office-like complexes!
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,7/12/2014,90,420,,8,5>When I heard about a new cupcake place opening close to home, I was anxious to check them out!   The location is off the main drag, which is great for parking.  There's a small lot nearby.  Cupcaked sells breakfast items, cupcakes, and coffees.   We came in to pick up a few cupcake items.  We arrived on a Saturday afternoon, just after the lunch hour.   They had 2 types of cupcakes already in the display case:  Banana Chocolate and Orange Cream.   We waited a few minutes for the Red Velvet.   We took our 3 cupcakes home so we could enjoy them with a nice beverage.   They provided us with a cute logo box, and told us that if we recycled and brought the box back for a future use, then we could get 'a stamp' on our frequent buyer card.   The cupcakes were tasty, not dry, but not really super moist.   The frosting on all 3 cupcakes were amazing.  None of the cakes crumbled and we even saved one for the next day and it kept it consistency.   We'll definitely be back and hope to see other flavors besides the 3 we selected.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,7/11/2014,102,270,3,10,4>I am on a search for the BEST Saltenas and this was my second stop so far! Thanks to the amazing recommendation from Kunal M. & Antonio M. I not only had the BEST Saltena I have ever had but was also introduced to delicious bolivian baked goods. I am now obsessed. I literally came here everyday this weekend.We surprised Jon & his Bolivian Mother & Aunt for dinner Friday night by getting a dozen chicken saltenas (only $2.50 each!!!), some fresh cheese bread, and some alfajor cookies (my fave!!!). Service was incredibly fast and friendly - our saltenas were still piping hot by the time we got home to eat them with the family. Cheese bread was to die for.Since the dinner was such a hit we decided to go back Saturday AM to try more of their baked goods. This time we got more cheese bread (obviously), cheese empanada, spicy cheese empanada, pound cake , cinnamon sorbet and a few others which for the most part were all excellent!The only items I didn't care for were the following:- alfajor cookies did not have enough caramel and were a bit too dry for me- big white circle cookie (no idea the name) was way too hard to eat, we had to crack it on the table to share it Based on other reviews, I REALLY want to come back and try their lunch specials and authentic bolivian entrees. Hope they have those on the weekends!
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,7/10/2014,101,259,4,7,5>A place to go to enjoy solid New York-style deli food while watching whatever game happens to be on the big screen. I can never pass up an Italian Sandwich, and this place fits the bill. No fuss ordering at the counter. Food comes out quick and hot. Eat and enjoy! I like how much dressing they put on the sandwich as some places can mess up this delicate balance and leave a sandwich tasting too acidic. We enjoyed a quick bite the other night while catching part of the Nationals game. We were joined by some hardcore fans which made it a fun experience. I have yet to try their pizza, but could be convinced to turn away from my hot sub in a moment of pizza weakness.UPDATE: I had the pleasure of trying their pizza recently (Pepperoni and Mushroom). Classic thin crust New York style pizza. Greasy and hard to hold yet oh so delicious. I would definitely recommend it for take out.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/22/2013,7/9/2014,108,251,4,9,6>Roast Duck and Beef Brisket hand pulled noodles were a hit yesterday! The broth itself tasted much more flavorful than what I had in the past. The spicy sauce is a must and makes the broth 100x better. I do have to say the hand pulled noodles were clumped together yesterday, hopefully that was just a one- time thing. The service was friendly but it was clear that they were understaffed yesterday. We were seated right away but were never given any menus that i had to walk up to take 2 menus from the counter myself. I will definitely be back for the hand pulled noodles now that the broth is MUCH better than before!
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,7/8/2014,27,180,2,9,5>Yesterday was my birthday, & we usually go out for an upscale dinner, but between the sloppy roads & the fact that Monday is normally not a good day for dining out (most upscale restaurants are closed), I decided to postpone my "official" birthday dinner for another night.  While hubby offered to bring me home anything I wished so I didn't have to cook - lol - I had to go out to run some post-snowstorm errands, & it hit me that I'd wanted to try Shawn's for quite some time now, but had kept putting it on the back burner.So yesterday afternoon before leaving for my errands, I called in an order for 1# of "pulled chicken" ($12), 1 pint of cole slaw ($4) (I LOVE cole slaw on barbecue sandwiches - it's a necessity for me), 1 pint of Mac & Cheese (for hubby) ($5), & 1 single-serving side of "Country Green Beans" ($3) (southern-style, as in "soft" green beans mixed with a bit of pulled pork) for me.When I arrived (around 3:15 p.m.), there was only one customer at the register (but remember, this is 3:15 p.m. on a Monday), & when I got up to bat the lovely young lady at the register was very helpful, even not knowing that this was my first time here.  I didn't realize that the pulled chicken was plain, & that you had free-serve of their bevy of fabulous different sauces to choose from.  So I filled 4 little plastic cups with 4 different sauces to try.  I also noticed that only 3 rolls were included with my order, & asked for 1 more (allowing 2 sandwiches apiece for us for dinner) that I would be willing to pay for, but the lovely young lady said "no problem" & just gave me an extra roll.  How nice.Once home, we tasted the pulled chicken before saucing & were WOWED!  The meat was moist, juicy, & had just the right amount of smoke without completely masking the chicken.  A first for that.  I should have brought a marker with me to differentiate the sauces I brought home, but they were all great, & we just mixed & matched - lol!!  Rolls were WONDERFUL - so far above the norm.  Soft, but not falling apart.  Easily stood up to sauced pulled chicken, which is the most important part.  As for the sides:  Cole Slaw - wonderful.  And perfect as a barbecue sandwich topping.  Not chopped into oblivion, but not long like spaghetti (which I HATE).  Mac & Cheese could stand on its own as an entree it was so good.  Green Beans were perfect as well - nice little "zip".Total bill for this fabulous at-home feast - $26.71.Bottom Line:  Will we be back?  Of course we will!!!(Sidenote:  Our receipt states "Show this receipt @ Brusters Ice Cream (another favorite of ours) and receive 10% off within 30 days".  Guess there's a Bruster's visit in our immediate future - lol!)
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,7/7/2014,129,171,4,12,5>First off, Yelpers that give 3 star reviews of a place that hasn't even opened yet should be cast off.  Of course there's kinks to work out before the place even officially opens.  Anyways.Went here today for their official opening day and sat down at the bar.  Knowing the place is brand new and knowing that all the Rosslyn workforce was waiting to pounce on this place we decided to go at 11:30.  Once inside the host/hostess were very attentive to our presence and we politely declined booth/table seating in favor for the bar.  The bar at this place is long and has a few TVs as well, which already makes this place #1 in Rosslyn because even Continental's bar has less real estate.  The bartenders were all very quick to help us so the service was great, and they introduced themselves as well.  Since there was a team of them at no point did we have any problems with service, if anything, quite the opposite.  They were all very helpful and the service was top notch.  I went with the fish and chips and my coworker went with the Teddy, a large burger.  Both meals were big and quite filling, a good meal to consume if one plans to do any drinking at all that day or evening.  My coworker really enjoyed his burger and my fish and chips were really good.  The fries at Heavy Seas have to be the best in the area too, and I can't wait to go back to try the burger some other time. The beer selection is great, easily the best in Rosslyn, with Heavy Seas beers available but also a six or so tap selection of guest beers which I can only assume will be rotated periodically.  We just had lunch, but after work today we're going back to try out all of their beer.  Well, not all of them, but most of them.  Somebody get me my sailor hat, and set a course for Heavy Seas!
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,7/6/2014,165,395,3,16,12>What a wonderful store!  It is sleek and modern with just the right amount of wine art (ex: the amazing wine bottle wall and wine glass chandelier). There are three whole walls of various wines and a back nook of craft beer; so there is a little something for everyone. My husband and I walked in with about ten minutes to kill before an event down the street and were promptly greeted and asked if we wanted a wine tasting. Um yes, yes we do, thank you! We were given history and tasting notes on a white and a red that were the tastings of the day. Both were very good. We came back after the event and purchased several beers, my husband built his own six pack (great feature btw!), got a couple of pre-built six packs and I grabbed a bottle of Côtes du Rhône (my fav!).  When we were checking out I pulled up my handy Yelp ap and received a free cheese with our purchase for checking in and spending $50. We also signed up for their email program, so the next time I am there and can't remember what I bought they will be able to tell me.  Pricing is fair, selection is great, customer service is excellent.  Seriously, what a wonderful store!
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,3/5/2014,150,76,10,17,11>Talk about my favorite go-to place for authentic german food!I come here to get brats, sauerkraut, potato salad, paulaner beer and lots of chocolates when I feel like having a german feast.My favorite of all the sausages is the kalbs (the white one) b/c it tastes the most delicate of them all but when I go I get a variety of the kalbs, bauern, currywurst, smoked and knackwurst.  During the holidays you can get an awesome advent calendar filled with chocolates!They also have an entire aisle of haribo gummy candies and plenty of really ornate beer steins.  I also recently found a tube of swirled mayo and ketchup - my french fry problems have been solved!!!This place completely redefines sausage party for me.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2013,3/4/2014,487,282,6,14,12>Holy Craft Brew Batman, there's a pineapple on the sign and I had to ask what it meant.... (southern hospitality symbol for they are open).Port City boasts a variety of different styles of beers and each having their own distinct flavor. Personally I aboslutely love their christmas beer, Tidings, crisp, a hint of sweet with just enough smooth tartness. Their other beers are all worth a try too, get the tasting and enjoy, you won't walk away disappointed and for the price of tour/tasting tickets/glass ($9) you'll be going up for seconds I'm sure! They won quite a few awards at the Great American Brew Fest 2013 and I know they won some in 2012 too! Can't go wrong with them if the world loves them too!The brewery (and tour) itself is very well laid out with what looks like plenty of space to still grow. The tour guide was hilarious, full of knowledge, and involved the crowd very well, he made you feel apart of the tour not just a viewer. Everyone was really excited that they poured us some beer straight from the fermenter... mmm.. the porter was delcious!All in all, definitely worth a visit, support local, shop local, drink local. :P
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,3/3/2014,303,378,7,13,11>WHATAnyone who knows my BBQ preferences knows that I absolutely prefer hole-in-the-wall joints and roadside stands. The Pit Stop is one of those roadside stands that makes the trip out worth it.Situated literally at a roadside stop on Rt. 50, you'll see the tents and smokers doing their thing. Be sure to get there earlier in the day, because they can only prep so much and are guaranteed to run out. The wait in line can be torturous as you smell that great smokey goodness, but it's worth it. Ask the pitmaster and his sons what is available that day because the menu changes depending upon the shipments they receive. Case in point - their supplier had accidentally given them some babybacks instead of regular ribs the day I went.I decided to go for a half chicken ($10) and a half rack of babybacks ($15). These are generous portions folks, so you are definitely getting your money's worth here. The smokiness that is infused into the meat is incredible. I have never had any Q as deeply smoked as what they're doing at The Pit Stop. You can get mild or hot sauces (or mixed) slathered on your meat, and I liked the mix. It all gets wrapped up in a sheet of foil and bagged up for you. I didn't go for any sides, but I heard from regulars in line that they are all delicious.The babybacks were smoky and tender, and the chicken was smoky and moist. The rubs on them were flavorful as well. If you're not a big believer in smoked chicken, try this. It will convert you, no joke.There are a couple of other vendors in the same location that offer up food that complements the BBQ: kettle-corn, tea & lemonade, lobster rolls, and fresh produce. Grab up a sweet tea, sit down somewhere, and you'll have yourself an insanely satisfying roadside experience.The Pit Stop really does it right, and it's no wonder the regulars come from far and wide.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,3/2/2014,246,200,11,21,21>I'm a sucker for a speakeasy. Even though the Volstead Act has long been repealed, there remains a certain shroud of mystique surrounding these establishments. I guess it's the romantic in me who longs to dress to the nines, drape my legs over posh leather furniture in a setting framed by hard woods, plush decor, and the accoutrements of copper distillery and stainless mixology of times past while sipping a crafted, signature cocktail made from top shelf liquor and liqueur blended with the finest fresh ingredients. There is no sign out front; in fact, an outsider would likely walk right past without knowing what he or she was missing. Like a suspect in a line-up, PX seems to shrink back when observed. The blue light outside the unobtrusive plain red door at the top of an unadorned and perfectly ordinary stoop evoked my nostalgia for the "blind pigs" of the Prohibition era and the taste of juniper in my retro glass. Once we rang the doorbell, were scrutinized, and ushered "in" by a hostess dressed in "roaring Jazz Age" style, the 1930s decor and mellow ambience (enhanced by the soft, sultry tones of Nina Simone piped in at the perfect volume) did not disappoint. I found it to be the perfect homage to an era--subtle tributes without being campy. Our party was ushered into a lovely corner by the bar with sumptuous and inviting textures of supple leather covering period-style loveseat and two chairs on well-worn, rough floorboards. The atmosphere invited private conversations and lovely laughter at just the right volume (the two hour time limit gently reinforces that this isn't the place you should tie one on), and our party was all sips and smiles. In stark contrast to the REAL speakeasies of the Prohibition Era, which was the worst US cocktail era ever (designed to cover the taste of homemade bathtub gin made with shoddy ingredients), the mixologist at PX expertly creates provocative blends with seasonal, fresh herbs and ingredients using top shelf spirits and serves them in clever receptacles evocative of the period. Two of our favorites were the "sounds like a pisco but really isn't" with sage and pineapple vinaigrette served in a Marie Antoinette-inspired glass and the "grog" served in a pewter tankard. Of course the necessity to put up a false front to serve alcohol is laughable today. We live in a society where virtually nothing is forbidden; and IMO that is the reason there remains such an undeniable allure to the notion of a hidden hideaway where you have to know the secret handshake to get in. And for that reason, I'll be back to PX soon to try some of the other cool-sounding cocktails of the menu!
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,3/1/2014,333,234,34,36,34>The wings are the things here and the service is awesome too! I came across this place on a recent visit to Clarendon and loved it!There's not much more that I can say other than I plan to make the excursion from Alexandria to First Down Sports Bar & Grill as often as possible - to try every 30 flavors of their chicken wings.So far, I can vouch for their Buffalo and Cajun style. The bartender had a great sense of humor and I felt welcome on my first visit. I wish this place was closer to home.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/1/2013,2/28/2014,26,84,3,8,3>Interesting little spot in the Tyson's area.  I came on a Friday night and there was a mix of everything here.  There are lounges, there are pool tables, there are tables to eat at, there is a full serve bar, there are TVs, there is valet parking, and there is a dance floor.  I guess it's impossible to be unhappy here, there's definitely a nook somewhere in this place for you.  For me, it was the pool tables.Red, a little between fast and slow just the way I like it, clean, and feels like new felted pool tables with slightly narrow pockets.  The house sticks were classy, not those one piece but you can actually unscrew in two.  Unfortunately, the heaviest sticks are 19 lbs.  The tables are right next to some lounges so this place is great for big groups.As for the food, I had the great sliders which were so juicy it squirted all over my face when I took a bite.  A table split with a ton of people was reasonable and the pricing overall was right on point.  The place got lively with people and dancing after 10pm.  The whole place was pretty clean and the vibe was a bit mixed but works well as an eclectic sort of joint.  Great place if you want to dance, play pool, lounge, drink, watch TV, or eat so there's something here for everyone.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2013,2/27/2014,195,187,2,12,4>I had a crazy day at work, and I was so desperate for a pedicure. I usually go a bit further out for a cheaper pedi, but today, I decided to venture to Nouvelle, which is right next to my apartment complex. At 7pm on a weekday, it looks like they don't have much business. I was able to walk in and get started right away. The salon is clean, and the decor is nice. My $30 pedi turned out great! Awesome service, and so detail oriented. I don't have any complaints. 4 stars, because my other place is $25 for a pedi. Spending the extra $5 was only to my benefit this time around. Yay, Yelp for letting me write this review as I dry my toes!!FYI: a manicure here costs $15! Pretty reasonable for the Tysons area!
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,2/26/2014,101,259,6,13,9>I can't believe it took me so long to go here! This venue has a wide range of events and performances. We were able to start off cheap last night by attending a free Comedy Open Mic. Seating opened at 8:00 and the show started at 8:30. What followed was over 2.5 hours of solid comedy. Generally, Open Mic nights can be hit or miss, but I really enjoyed almost every set. We managed to snag some food too while we were there. The bartender who took our order was over-the-top nice and was able to handle the crowds wonderfully. All of the food ordered came out quickly and was delicious to boot. The Ballpark Chili Dog was awesome and really hit the spot. The Brownie Sundae was more than even 3 people could hope to eat so share or risk getting some weird looks. They seem to have figured out what works for them (chili, hot dogs, sandwiches), and they are doing it well. Can't wait to go back.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,2/25/2014,58,219,1,9,5>It's moments like these that make me realize how lucky I am to live in Northern VA! Great Falls park is just a short ride from our home in Alexandria and boy is it worth it. The only word that does this place justice is "Beautiful". The grounds and the falls are just absolutely beautiful.There are 3 lookouts, multiple trails, and endless picnic areas. A great place to take kids and dogs...we will definitely be coming back to check out the fall foliage! Love love love Great Falls Park!
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,2/24/2014,81,159,1,8,6>I go back and forth on Shilla's (Fairfax) and Breeze Bakery (Annandale).  In the end, there's things that are endearing about both places, and I find myself visiting both depending on my needs.  I find myself at Breeze when I'm looking for a hang-out location, and at Shilla's when I'm looking to buy a large amount of pastries.Shilla's -More dinner-type foods (curry pork buns, Asian-style pizzas, hot dog pastries)-Better prices-More samples-Can stop by Super H for groceries, which is almost next doorBreeze Bakery-Late hours-Has gelato-Outdoor rooftop patio-Comfortable cushioned chairs-30% off certain pastries beginning around 9PM (time fluctuates depending on that day's demand)-Don't need to deal with the stoplights/traffic on Route 50-Can eat dinner at Yee Chon, which is literally next door
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,11/7/2014,321,489,8,15,11>IN LOVE WITH WAKU! Oh man, I really hit the jackpot, especially because Waku is practically walking distance to me from home and work! I've been toying around with trying as many Peruvian chicken places as possible in the Fairfax County area, and Waku has been on my hot list for a while. I wanted to wait until the bugs had been worked out following their opening late in 2013. Well, folks, it was worth the wait for me, and I'll definitely be coming back.I want to echo Art P.'s review from December 2013 that states how clean, inviting, friendly and delicious Waku is. I agree 100 percent. I also love the "flavor" of the staff - the owners of Waku are Greek (and they're not too shabby with meat on spits themselves) and the line employees are from all over the map, and invariably passionate about the menu items. Ask any employee what their favorite item is, and you'll receive an honest explanation as to what and why!The menu is very comprehensive and covers every corner of the pollo world, with also a really neat representation of roasted Greek meats, like chicken souvlaki and pork souvlaki. Do what I did and order the chicken souvlaki salad platter, and choose Peruvian-style and Greek-style sides for your sides (I chose plantains and true Greek salad), and I was transported to cloud 9. Oh, and there's something really tasty about the rice. It's not too salty, it was perfectly cooked with great mouthfeel, with a delightful savory flavor.The sauces were something special, too. You wouldn't expect the cashier at a pollo joint to be passionate about the cursory yellow and green sauces, but the owner (who was running the register at lunch that day) certainly cares! He is emphatic about his sauces all being made fresh, and in-house, and never with mayonnaise. They're more of a vinegar base, and therefore healthier and a better flavor (IMHO). He offers a truly spicy green sauce, a "medium" yellow sauce, and a milder yellow sauce, plus a delicious homemade Greek dressing for those who opt for the Greek salad side.My husband adores the chicken fried rice (chaufa) and the rotisserie chicken, as well as the yucca, and both the pork and chicken souvlaki. He's here probably 2x a week.Preparation of the food is quick and fresh; you either pick up your food at the register when you pay, or you take a number and bring it to your table, and your food is brought to you. Serve yourself your fountain/bottled drink, napkins, plasticware, and condiments. Specify the sauce(s) you want when ordering, as they're next to the cash register.One other nice note is their desserts. The owner brought my friend and me a sample of both their homemade rice pudding and their homemade tres leches cake. The rice pudding was so tasty that I went ahead and bought a portion to take home to share for later. Prices on the food are great, portions are grand, and everything I've had has tasted fresh and made with love!
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,11/6/2014,146,515,24,16,12>This place is sooo hipster."How hipster is it?"It's so hipster that, during my last visit:1. They were playing tracks from Radiohead's KidA2. I saw a girl in her mid-20's wearing a Joy Division t-shirt.3. At least a half-dozen ex-frat types came to the bar and asked "Uh, what's the best IPA that you have"4. A tall Daniel Bryan clone, complete with goat face beard, ordered a vegan cheesesteak and tots with vegan cheese.So what the hell am I doing in a place like this?For starters, they have a strong on-tap selection. Yes, it shades a bit hipster - meaning it's dominated by IPAs with a few heavy stouts and Belgian-style beers mixed in. Truthfully, you're likely to find something more unique and hard-to-find on tap at the Arlington Pub above the Whole Foods across the street. But they do keep Left Hand Sawtooth on Nitro, and that makes me VERY happy. Still, if I were rating it for beer selection only, I'd only be giving it four stars.The extra star comes from the food. Don't let all the vegan talk fool you ... they have food for normal people too. They have a great menu of casual bar food, including a number of specialty grilled cheese sandwiches. (Their sister restaurant, Spacebar in Falls Church, has a more extensive grilled cheese menu) I am typically weary of these specialty grilled cheese sandwiches, because they basically just turn out to be a panini. The cheese doesn't ooze like it should on a grilled cheese. But not at The Hut. Oh no. Their meatloaf grilled cheese oozes out of the sandwich like a grilled cheese should. I loved it so much the first time I was there that I ordered it again on my second visit, excpet I switched mozzarella with fresh mozzarella. ZOMG this might be the best thing I've ever put into my mouth. With a side of eggplant fries, I'd be 100% happy having this as my last meal on Earth.Galaxy Hut strides that fine line between divey and hipster perfectly, and offers a friendly inviting atmosphere, a strong on-tap selection, and a meatloaf grilled cheese that is to die for. They have quickly shot up to the top of my "favorite places on Earth" list.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2013,11/5/2014,55,366,1,9,4>This BBQ joint is new to the area & has only been open about 6 weeks. The owner served me tonight & the customer service is on point! I had the pork BBQ sandwich with North Carolina sauce (homemade), coleslaw, & cheesy potatoes. The food was great, I love that so much of it is homemade. I will definitely be back to try other options on the menu. In addition to the North Carolina sauce, they also offer a Kansas BBQ sauce for the pulled pork. Other menu items include brisket, ribs, & baked beans, among other things. Come by & check it out for yourself!
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,11/4/2014,103,279,,9,4>I'm in love. Really great space. Perfect location close to home. Nice variety of classes and styles from different teachers. A lot of yoga spots are a snooze (for me) and my mind wanders. The crew at HSY keeps things fun, challenging, and light. No yoga snobs, here.They have special events from time to time, which I unfortunately haven't been able to attend, but really want to! Bonus: Awesome designed yoga gear capturing the personality of the studio, thanks to Suzie!
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,11/3/2014,740,1110,5,9,10>With it being autumn, visiting a place that specializes in frozen treats might not be an idea you'll go for when it is getting chilly outside. Change that thought. The Dairy Godmother offers both hot and cold treats along with rotating flavors that go according to season.For my sweet treat, I decided to get a half and half cold treat. Half apple cider sorbet and half cinnamon oatmeal cookie frozen custard. It was absolutely perfect. I was thrilled with the taste and it simply gave me the feeling of happiness. Hot apple cider or butter beer, anyone? They have those too.Liz the owner is extremely nice! Possibly one of the nicest people you will ever meet. She will work up front and greet customers just as her other employees do. I really can't wait for my next visit.History tidbit -- Obama has a chair in here he sat on when he visited that they proudly let patrons sit on as well. You can't miss it because they literally put his name on the seat with the date of his visit.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2013,11/2/2014,614,1007,5,5,5>I think this may be my new favorite neighborhood spots. I loved the traditional environment. I loved the staff. I loved the food. What else is there, I mean, really?Oh, good wine. YES.We started with the toasted ravioli which was served dry. Not my favorite, but moving on...I ordered the Veal Castellana which is a veal/ eggplant combo dish. Every bite was delicious. My intent was to eat some now and save some for later...that did not happen. I eated it ALL and it was scrumptious.I do not remember what my fiance ordered, as I was far to deep in my own plate, but I do believe his plate was left clean as well.The only comment I have about this experience is the location. It is sketch trying to get in from the left side of the street. U-turns and round the blocks are necessary to get behind the building to park. But, well worth the effort.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,11/1/2014,81,60,4,5,4>The worst thing about Lou Lou is deciding what to buy and not spending a fortune. This is by far one of the best places for fashion jewelry, scarves, candles. rings, purses and accessories. This is a fabulous place for presents and moderately priced. Most of the items are categorized together by similar colors. There is something for everyone any age from dainty to bold statement pieces. I recently found a brown clutch which was exactly what I was searching for, for months and couldn't find anywhere else.Located right off of King street, pick a beautiful day to stroll around and visit this very cute shop.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,10/31/2014,56,139,1,8,2>With plenty of techs, they are well-prepared for walk-in appointments. I love the complementary paraffin treatment. The salon is clean and the massage chairs are comfy. They are very efficient--that's not saying they rush through your service, but they will have you in and out in a reasonable amount of time. The brow wax is one of the best in the area. They are gentle with the tweezers and I never leave with red, puffy patches around my eyes. They do allow you to add the tip to your credit card, although they prefer cash.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,10/30/2014,79,93,4,7,6>Thai Square is THE most authentic thai restaurant in the DC metro area. Hands down. I can say that very confidently following a recent vacation (read: food adventure) in Thailand. The food here is spicy (as it should be), flavorful, and generously portioned. A perfect meal for me at Thai Square would be a papaya salad to start, followed by a green curry with beef and Pad Gra Prow Talay (seafood stir fried with basil and chilis), and a mango with sticky rice for dessert. I bounce back and forth between Thai Square and Bangkok 54 as my favorite Thai restaurant but the important distinction is that Thai Square is the more authentic of the two.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2013,10/29/2014,85,679,4,4,5>So my kids have been taking classes at this location for a year and half.  We have been very happy with the classes.  Below are some of the many reasons we love it here:My daughter especially loves it here!   She talks and draws pictures about the instructors, pretends she is "playing Little Gym" around the house and loves when I catch her doing a cool move in the gym!   In addition to weekly classes they also have parents nights out!  We have really enjoyed going to several of these events.  We don't have many babysitters in the area and this is perfect as my kiddos love it here!  Who wouldn't want a 3 hour break to go have dinner at a non-kid friendly place??  I do!! They offer spring break/ summer camps here!  Both of my kids have done some of the camps at this location.  They have cool themes each week such as super heros, karate, cheerleading, and princesses!  They allow make-ups for missed classes which is SO nice when dealing with little kids.  You know that if they get sick or if there is poor weather you can easily make-up in another class that is age appropriate for your child!   They do great birthday parties as well.  We have not hosted one at this location (although) but have attended one here!  Super fun, and easy!   All of the instructors are great!  They are all so nice and personable!   My kids love them all!   If you are thinking about trying a class DO IT!
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,6/18/2013,82,60,1,5,3>I went to Courtside Thai for dinner and walking up to the restaurant, we had the door opened for us - a great sign of things to come. Our waiter (he seems like he might be the owner?) was the highlight of my experience here. He was so nice, gracious, attentive, and funny. I can't sing his praises enough. Admittedly, my boyfriend and I were pretty unadventurous last night.1. Thai iced coffee: Mmm mmm good.2. Tom Yum Gai: Some of the best I've had! Soury goodness and the lemongrass flavor really came through.3, Pad See Ew: This is the first place I've been to where this dish had both regular and Thai broccoli, which I thought was interesting, but I digress. This dish was delicious - perfectly dressed, plenty of broccoli, egg, and beef.4. Pad Thai: My boyfriend got this. I only had a bite but no complaints from him!Generous portions, nice ambiance, and amazing service. I'll definitely be coming back - their menu is extensive and a lot of their specials sounded yum-o.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,6/17/2013,87,193,,8,5>I was pleasantly surprised when I came in. A small but nicely decorated restaurant. The staff was very nice and it seemed like they had quite a few regulars. I ordered the chirashi bowl and was very impressed at the variety and how fresh the fish was. It comes with miso soup and salad. I was sharing with my mom, so the rice didn't seem enough. It would be the perfect size for one person. If you are going on a Saturday night, it would be best to make reservations. It was packed by 7pm. The only negative is that they charge you $1.50 per cup of hot tea. But I will definitely be back to try their rolls!
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2013,6/16/2013,614,1007,,7,5>I love the interior- intimate and the aura of years of good food being served.The staff is friendly and on top of everything happenin' in the restaurant.Great food.Great specials. $1 and $2 sushi. Specialty rolls - very reasonably priced.The edemame was overcooked but the food overall was perfect. On my way out I saw this unique roll, which looked like a Japanese burrito, and come to find out it was a deep fried (tempura) Philly. Boom!"I'll take one to go"Had to share with the rest of the people in my house.t was warm and the flavors were melty and delicious.So unique and good!My new favorite sushi in NoVa!
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2013,6/15/2013,27,180,4,5,4>Come here to study: Grab a seat at the high top table, and type/read/write/ponder away. Finding a waiter can be a hassle sometimes because they are at other tables and running around. Please don't be *that douche* talking on your phone like no one is sitting right next to you, no one wants to hear your conversation! And please don't spread your crap everywhere and take up excess table space someone else can use if it's busy. We will judge and remember you. Come here on a date: The atmosphere is chill, and the menu is versatile so you can determine how long or short you want this date to be. Probable disaster? Insist on just coffee/tea/a drink. Probable dream come true? Grab dinner and drinks, and save room for dessert. Come here for whatever, seriously. I consistently drink these things:-Earl Grey tea, ask for cream and honey. -Chai latteI consistently eat these things:-Blackened salmon with mashed potatoes instead of rice, with asparagus and corn salsa...omg so good. -Falafel sandwich-Sweet potato fries with sour cream sized to share, or not-Vanilla yogurt with fruit, for the mornings where I don't want to stuff my faceI always make room for this:-Mini apple pie topped with a scoop of coconut ice cream...omggggggggg..
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,6/14/2013,75,257,,4,3>Okay, clearly I need to come back and eat here again, because the Cuban sandwich I had was delicious! The meat is so tender and good - the pork seriously melted in my mouth. The sandwich is a touch on the sweet side, what with the bread-and-butter pickles and the pineapple relish, but it was balanced nicely by the herb focaccia. At first I thought there was too much bread, but then I bit into it and found it just right. No, it isn't loaded with meat, but that doesn't bother me considering the fine quality of what it is on there. Also, if I'm getting a complex sandwich, I want it to be a complete taste that blends well, not something that has one overpowering flavour. I found this beautifully balanced.The butcher counter looks A-MAZ-ING. There were items on there I'd never heard of, but I've no doubt the very friendly butcher would have been full of information, had I asked. All the cuts I did recognize looked gorgeous. I don't eat much meat anymore, which makes me want it to be awesome when I do. When I'm craving steak next, I'm definitely buying it here. (Someone commented that the meat is all grass-fed. I don't know about that, but according to their website, it is all sustainably grown without antibiotics or hormones, and certified humane. Big big points for me there.)I can't wait to come back!
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,6/13/2013,50,254,2,4,2>Went for lunch and was blown away by the food! I was not expecting AMAZING, perfectly fried soft shell crabs in the heart of Falls Church. Seriously a wonderful surprise! Plus points:1. The aforementioned softshell crabs 2. The cellophane noodles are delicate and well seasoned3. The mango sticky rice dessert done with black sticky rice - very cool4. A Kaprow Chicken actually worth writing home about!Meh :1. Papaya salad was overly sweet2. Satay needed a wee bit more time on the grill3. Tom Yum Goong could have been more spicy(but to be fair could have been going for the Western palate)Also - they have a bucket of 6 Singha beers for $20! that's an awesome happy hour. recommend :)
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,6/12/2013,110,193,2,7,2>I'm the first to admit when I've been doing something wrong.  For my entire life as a Thai cuisine customer, I've thought that I'm a fairly knowledgeable connoiseur of the Thai menu.  I've tried just about every curry flavor, I've eaten all the different varieties of noodles, and I've even eaten things such as floating market soup, which not as many Thai customers are even aware of.  But then recently, I went to Po Siam with a few friends of mine.  These friends happen to know the owners/cook and having grown up with the restaurant, they ordered a variety of dishes that are not anything like what I normally order.  All I can say is that these dishes have completely altered my view of Thai food.  I don't know if Po Siam is singularly unique in these dishes or whether I've just been oblivious all these years but I am completely star-struck by the food at PS.So anyway, when I ate here with my friends, I let them do all the ordering.  We ended up eating family style and ordered:  Yum nue a num took (beef salad), Som Tum (papaya salad), Yum pla dook foo - (fried puffy catfish), Hoi obb (mussels), Tod mun pla (fish cakes), Plah rad prik (whole flounder), and floating market soup.  Of all the dishes, I thought the yum pla dook foo was easily my favorite and I'd go back to PS for this dish alone.  I've never seen this dish anywhere else before and it was so delicious on all levels.  The crispy and puffy texture of the catfish combined with the spices and flavors of the chilis was like a symphony in my mouth.  Had no one told me, I would've thought it was a pork dish, but it was actually this delicious catfish.  The hoi obb was also delicious especially when you take the leftover broth and spoon it over your rice.  As far as the rest of the dishes go, the salads were good, but similar to several other Thai restaurants I've been to.  The fish cakes were average.  The flounder was delicious but I was so full by the time it came out, I hardly had room for any of it.  And the floating market soup was good, but again, I was not prepared to eat that amount of food that night.Bottom line, if you've never had yum pla dook foo or hoi obb at a Thai restaurant before...or if you've had it before and it was anything less than spectacular...then I must insist you go to Po Siam and try them.  They might change the way you view Thai cuisine.  I only wish Po Siam was closer to my home so I could go there more often.***Note.  I only tried the unique dishes I noted above on this trip to Po Siam.  I didn't try any of the "generic" typical Thai dishes like Panang, Pad Thai, Drunken Noodles, or Pad se Ew.  I also didn't have any Thai Iced Tea or Mango Sticky Rice.  So if you're an avid Thai eater like myself and you typically stick to these tried and true favorites, I cannot advise you on Po Siam as I didn't try any of them.  I have heard, from a Thai friend of mine, that they are not as spectacular as at other places.  But I could care less because the dishes I tried above were exquisite. ***
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2013,6/11/2013,82,173,7,10,6>A trendy Korean street-food restaurant in Annandale. It's bit hard to locate this place as the signs aren't very visible from Little River Turnpike, but it's located right next to the Palace Restaurant, but the entrance to Red Holic isn't as same as Palace, so if you go into Palace thinking you can park there and walk to Red Holic, you've been warned.Anyway, the restaurant is pretty small and you actually have to stair DOWN to enter this place. I feel like this place used to be like Jackson Hewitt or some sort of local tax center, but renovated into a trendy, cute, and chic Korean joint serving comfort foods from the mainlands. Kudos!Korean street-foods consists of ramen, spicy rice cakes, kimbap, fried vegetables, tenpura, and other finger foods. Because they're mainly sold on streets in Korea, the prices aren't high, so you can enjoy variety of items without having to worry about big bill at the end. This place actually takes a step further by creating a giant trey that includes 5-6 items that's large enough for two people at $20, so if you're first timer, new to the Korean street foods, that will serve your purpose of visit. Kudos again!A friend, who lived in Korea until 26 and now been in America for a year, thinks this place is a hit and will do very well in Northern Virginia where many people crave for the street-foods and there aren't many options to enjoy.This place invested bit effort into making the interior look very modern and bright (Red everywhere!) so it could be a very cute date place for couples. I went with a dude, so epic fail on that part.There is a little private room in the back, which is why I thought this place used to be some sort of office, is now being utilized as private room for large group. I think this is a huge plus for the restaurant as there WILL BE CHURCH GROUP coming here as party of 12. Instead of taking of 3 tables and half of the restaurant, they can be caged into that private room and order the entire menu. I don't think restaurant management thought of this, but they happened to have that private room and wanted to make more rooms for tables.Sorry for the long review, I hope you're still reading, the servers are pretty cute too, if you're a male. Bye.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,6/9/2013,138,158,,4,5>My friend suggested Green Pig for brunch and I cannot believe I have never been here! It is on a small side street in Clarendon, so it can be easily missed. The restaurant is so quaint, with a small bar area in the front and larger dining room in the back which felt more like a country family home. I got the Limonata Rossa, which is a sparkling lemonade with slightly tart berry-tasting  wine mixed it. it was delicious and refreshing. As you may see through my brunch reviews, I test places by their eggs benedict. I tried the crabcake eggs benedict, which was good, but I think i just love classic eggs benedict all around. I also go a sour cream doughnut which was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. It was definitely yummy! My friend got shrimp and grits which were pretty good even though I don't care for grits. The shrimp had a lot of old bay seasoning, but he and I love old bay, so it wasn't a problem. He also got a side of scrapple, which he loved, but I just can't do mixed pork products... Green Pig is definitely a cute surprise in the middle of Clarendon and since it's off the path a bit, it's not too crowded!
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,6/8/2013,202,406,2,3,4>Clifton Cafe is a great find, in a part of town that I haven't visited or at least remembered that I've visited. My boyfriend has been here many times and has always said positive things about it. Clifton Cafe is a small cafe in Clifton. It's an inviting atmosphere; the kind of place people can sit, enjoy a beverage (of the caffeine persuasion for me hehe) and really relax. I really like the chalk art on the walls that display their menu choices. They make specialty drinks and serve food. Pastries, sandwiches, and crepes. I only ordered a drink but I'm told the crepes are good. They have both sweet and savory crepes too. Staff is friendly and attentive. Like I said, it's a great find!
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,10/10/2013,209,18,6,8,10>This place is near and dear to my heart. For one, I have been coming here since I was a little girl only about 3'8" tall and was not given enough superiority to receive my own bowl of Pho. I remember the times where I had to share from my mother's, simply because we are one of the same kind, small eaters. I am 21 years old now and I don't fare too far from my preceding height at 5'2", yet it is still sometimes straining for me to gulp down the whole thing. For a Pho restaurant to survive a decade given that other copycats have experienced numerous turmoil and dwindled to shutdowns during this time is impressive. If that is not a firm indicator of consistency, then I don't know what is. At a reasonable price of $5.75 (never been raised) for a regular-sized portion and my usual Dried Logans in Light Iced Syrup for $2, I leave with a bulging tummy and a smile, for it is also quite the bonding place for families and friends too. After enjoying a warm, flavorful and nostalgic bowl of noodles topped with choices of eye-round steak, brisket, soft tendon, tripe and flank, I come home with the aroma of beef and broth too compelling to disguise even after a nice stroll in the park.However, even though my childhood resides with this homey and ostensibly unkempt location, I am determined to find the next damn-great *KAPOW* bowl of Pho somewhere else in the uncertain future. Unsuccessfully, I have yet to venture far enough, so until the time comes, I will continually reminisce here.Surprisingly, I recently found out that one of my friend's father owns the place. Say what now?!
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,10/9/2013,966,3217,,30,12>Viet Flavor is a new Vietnamese Restaurant, located in the Bristow Center retail complex - at the intersection of Route 28 and Linton Hall Road, Bristow, VA.It opened two days ago according to the restaurant staff.The interior of the dining area is very clean, minimalist, and modern. There is a large flat panel HD TV mounted on the back wall. The dining area consists of a combination of booths and stand alone tables.I arrived today around 3:00 pm for a late lunch. Looking over the menu, I chose the Goi Cuon - but asked them to omit the pork, and a regular size bowl of Pho Ga - white meat only (the menu lists both dark and white meat options), plus a glass of water with lime.The Goi Cuon (fresh garden rolls) came out first - with two sides - one with the peanut sauce and the second with chopped peanuts. I dumped the peanuts into the peanut sauce, squirted a generous dose of Sriracha sauce into the peanut sauce and stirred it in. The rolls were fresh and delicious - and the peanut sauce was the right thickness and consistency and had good savory flavor.The Pho Ga came out right as I was finishing the rolls. The plate of aromatics/veggies were all very fresh: Thai Basil, Jalapeños, Lime, and Bean Sprouts. I tasted the broth before adding - the broth had a nice flavor - it was indeed a chicken broth and not a beef broth as some places try to get away with. I added all of them and tasted the broth - very good!The rice noodles were cooked perfectly - not clumped together but also not over done. The chicken was tender and delicious - there were noticeable hints of Cilantro in the broth, some folks might not like this but it does not bother me. The chicken broth had a nice depth of flavor and complexity - the odor of the broth alone was aromatic and enticing! I added periodic doses of Sriracha sauce to bites as I mowed through that bowl of Pho Ga goodness - and then a good shot or two directly into the broth before drinking it down!I destroyed that bowl all the way down to the last drop. Service was very good, the wait staff checked on me several times to see if I needed a water glass refill, how things were, and did I want dessert? I was to full for dessert of course...My bill was under $10.00 - they may have been deducting an opening weekend discount off the bill, I was not paying close attention. I tipped in excess of 20%.I like Viet Flavor and will be back again for more Pho Ga - and who knows what else!? Check this place out! The people working here were very nice! I hope they do well!
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,10/8/2013,103,96,4,7,5>My family has been going to House of Dynasty for well over 20 years.  I am not exaggerating in the slightest when I say that this is hands down the best Chinese restaurant I have ever been to. The decor of the restaurant is beautiful the staff is friendly and has been there for years, I can go there now as an adult and have the same waiter now that I had taking my order as a little girl with my family. There's no words to describe the quality of food at this restaurant, it is always consistently mouthwateringly delicious.  The fact that a restaurant can continue to impress me for over 20 years says more than I ever could in a yelp review.  Everything on the menu is exceptionally delicious and I cannot recall ever having bad service, bad food, or a bad experience at House of dynasty.When I moved to the Hampton Roads area from Alexandria Virginia one of the places I've missed the most was houses dynasty every time I came home to visit from college I made my family go there just so I could get their Chinese food.  I have searched all over the Hampton Roads area trying to find anything even remotely close to this place and I have never been able to find a single Chinese restaurant that could even hold a candle to House of Dynasty.  I have an introduced many friends to this restaurant is well and they have nothing but rave reviews about it too and whenever they come to town that's the first place they want to go for dinner.I recommend their General Tao's Shrimp.  The sauce is spectacular and the shrimp are freaking enormous.  I don't think I've ever seen shrimp that big in my entire life anywhere else and they're cooked so perfectly in this dish that if you'd try it and don't like it theres something seriously wrong with you.  They're kung pao shrimp is also great, and my mother loves their szechwan (sorry for the shitty spelling) string beans.  Honestly you could probably eat the tablecloth and it would be delicious.  This restaurant just blows my mind I love it so much if it ever closes then the earth will open up and Satan will take over because House of Dynasty is literally heaven on earth!!
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,10/7/2013,53,164,12,12,5>I could care less how amazing the pizza is, how fantastic their specials are, how great their service is. I could care less about any of those things. No. This review is about lobster bisque. Holy hand grenades, Batman! By far, the SINGLE BEST lobster bisque I have ever had in my life. Ever. And I've been to the mythical realm of Maine. I've brought other New Englenders down here, too. Doubters. Unbelievers. And Ciro converted them.If you like lobster this soup is a must. I make excuses just to go here FOR the soup. It's really that good. I'm sure that, yes, there are better bowls of it out there... somewhere. But not in Chantilly. Maybe not even North Virginia. I don't know. I'm not a scientist.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,10/6/2013,121,140,2,7,6>Yes, I may have initially been interested in this new establishment due to a specific owner; however, I fully intend to return based on my experience outside my encounter with said owner. My friend and I made a Sunday Funnight out of it and ordered an appetizer, dinner and dessert (and beer, duh). For my appetizer, I had the Romaine and Kale Caesar Salad which was delicious. I've never had kale in a Caesar and I really liked the addition. I felt extra healthy (you know, with all my beer consumption, etc.) and it might be something I incorporate into my home-made salads as well.The mac and cheese won out for dinner, and it was also delicious. Unfortunately, I couldn't finish it, but I'm not complaining that there was too much. We wanted to have the beignets for dessert but ordered too late to get them. We "settled" for the fresh baked cookies and milk which were literally, very freshly baked and yummy in my tummy. Jesse is an awesome bartender!There are certain characteristics of the bar that prove they were thinking about the details. For instance, they have many outlets and USB ports at the bar so one can charge his or her dying phone. Forgot your charger? No prob! Bracket Room has some for you! Additionally, there are televisions WITHIN the bar, so if you're sitting at the bar, you don't have to strain your neck looking up to catch the game. I would also like to point out that the bathroom did have locks. There was a chain lock. Perhaps they were added Sunday morning? My only critique regarding this is that the chain is a little too long, because the door can still open a bit when pulled to the side. If it can be shortened, that would make it a little more comfortable. However, even if someone opens the door on you as far as the chain lock will allow, they should only be able to see you at the sink, and at that point it doesn't matter.I look forward to returning & trying more items on the menu and watching some good ol' Hokie football on Saturdays!  This bar has redeemed Clarendon so far! Seems to attract a wide variety of patrons, not just silly Bachelor fanatics like me, and not solely 23 year olds who pretend they're still in college.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,10/5/2013,9,114,24,12,11>Pleasantly out of place.I live in a backwards ass, over crowded hell hole of a town that begs for identity in the sea of suburbia called Stafford Virginia. Big deal...George Washington grew up in Stafford. Even he moved to Alexandria. Nobody really lives here....they just survive.Everyone commutes to D.C. and lives the other half of their day blinded by brake lights on I95. When we poor bastards finally get home, there's no time for good food. Just eat crap and go to bed. Do it all over again the next day. All this misery is why we only have crap for eating establishments.....fast food:   we got it covered Jack. I'm serious....Yelps: "restaurants (top rated) in Stafford, Virginia"- Your top two choices are:  Chick-Fil-et and Kabob Corner.  F me. Fine dining?? Read my review on Log Cabin Restaurant (2 stars). "Gee Nick...why don't you go to the next town over for more dining choices??" Well Mr. helper....due to 24 hr a day traffic, my stomach would start digesting my backbone by the time I made it any where else.  F me. So I stumble on this little joint just 5 min from my house. Before 'n' After. I'm gonna describe it in one sentence. " A funky little bistro-brasserie /sandwich shoppe / coffee house / beer and wine bar local neighborhood hang out ...uh ....joint." My jaw hangs open (not because I'm a Stafford mouth breather redneck). This place belongs in any Portland like or costal Maine town. Not here.........I'll take it. The owner, Josh is on site and knows EVERYBODY by name that walks through the door. Josh is a great host. Josh should run for town mayor. The food is familiar with some twists ....diversions like a rainbow trout sandwich or a beer cheese appetizer. Wines are acceptable ...nice selection of craft beers.  TALL beers....20 oz mugs baby.....hell ya.  Price.....well, how does $60 for 5 alcohol drinks, appetizers, sandwich plates and a dessert?   (My wife came....seriously, I'm not that big of a boozer). Ok...so this place belongs in a Northern town that swims with liberals. Yes....they are wall to wall in here. Wtf?   I switched one of the 3 big TVs to Fox 5 conservative evening news and you would have thought somebody pulled the cord out of the juke box. GOP types...don't plan your next election meeting here. Josh says they have live music on the weekends and it gets pretty crowded. I'm thinking a sea of soccer moms in practical shoes and balding subservient govt. contractor suburbia dads getting down. Probably no college chicks looking for Marines on leave....just a guess.Bottom line: Only a matter of time till Josh knows my name.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,10/4/2013,498,437,4,4,4>#444.5 stars!Love me some weiners! I completely enjoyed my meal at this place. I believe I got the dog that was stuffed with jalapenos and cheese. Forgot the name already- it was hard to say the name that night let alone remember it today. All I can say is with friend that were there I was able to try four different hot dogs and all were good. I prefer those with the polish dog texture over the hot dog texture but still equally as flavorful.They had a good assorments of your IPA's, your German beers, and even some wine to add to the meal. Loved the huuuuge FATSHORTY's sign in there with the picnic table top venue inside. Great place to catch a game or catch up with friends. Youll find me here again :).
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/12/2013,10/3/2013,65,280,,10,6>After the hype on Yelp, I was very excited to try the Green Pig and I'm glad I did (rubbing my belly as I think about it).  Although Yelp doesn't offer granular ratings for specific parts of a review, I'm going to attempt to explain my review as it's so much lower than the average.  If you've made it this far into my review, give me a chance to explain - I've been berated for lower than average ratings for popular places on Yelp and I'd like to explain:First, the positives:  It's a great location, very easy to get to.  There is some street parking, with a very large and cheap parking garage a block away.  Doesn't get much better than that.  The welcoming staff was pleasant and happy to see us.  It's well decorated and makes good use of the space.   Our order consisted of the pig tacos, the mac & cheese, the marrow & toast, and the pork shank.    The pig tacos were extremely good - no assembly required.  Were perfectly dosed with sauce & spice.  These are roach-coach style tacos perfected.   The mac & cheese was very tasty without being extremely heavy - in fact I could've used more cheese, don't be afraid to add this - it's a perfect size to share and is not too heavy.  The pork shank was incredible - the only gripe I had with it was that the room was so dark, I couldn't easily SEE the wonderful ingredients included.  The pork shank came with plantain and a Caribbean lentil\bean side well spiced with mild curry (I think).  The plantain was lost between the shank and the lentil - it tasted good but was so ingrained I didn't realize I was enjoying it until it was so gone.  Again I wish I had more light so as to enjoy it more.  The lentils had peas, beans, some curry, and I believe some tamarind - was very tasty.  That alone would make a wonderful veggie entrée that I could go for.  The pork shank was so tender that it fell apart with the first touch of the fork and knife.  It's not a large portion but plenty enough - the pork was just perfectly cooked, every bite was tasty, the natural fat in that cut was melted and flavored the meat well.  It came, like many of the Pig's dishes, in a crock style bowl that certainly kept everything hot.  The shank had plenty of marrow left that could've flavored it further - if you're so inclined, ask for one of their marrow forks to get to that special ingredient.    Bottom line on that - if you're coming to the pig for the first time, I really think this is their signature dish.  The marrow & toast appetizer was good - it came with a roasted onion marmalade and either parsley or another leafy herb.  There was plenty of toast, this would be plenty enough to share.  The bones were very hot, keeping the marrow melted.  My previous marrow experience was beef - had never had pork marrow until this visit.  I have to say that I detected a distinct barnyard taste in the marrow.  Don't take that too negatively - it's just a distinctive taste.  I enjoyed it thoroughly and finished it all off.  A couple less positive points:  I was a part of a large, reserved group.  This was a mistake. I would strongly urge folks to not visit with groups larger than four - they're not set up for it nor heaven forbid do separate checks for the same table.  They were willing to take multiple cards per check, but for a large group that proved to be an aggravating experience.  The reserver had cleared it to have split checks ahead of time, so to have 15 people split it up was not enjoyable, and I wish they had made it clear that they could not split it up at all.  Largely due to the large group and the check, the dining experience extended well past four hours - by the end everyone wanted to just leave and it became pretty ridiculous.  Eventually we had to walk the waitress through the check. Loud - so loud - don't know how it was so loud but we couldn't hardly hold conversations with each other.I fully acknowledge we had a large group, but also feel that we had called ahead to arrange that and in hindsight felt that we weren't well served.  That said, I will absolutely be back - with just my wife or my wife and another couple.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,10/2/2013,225,575,6,10,11>Summer isn't complete unless I've attended a concert at Wolf Trap!  Fortunately I had an opportunity to surprise my niece (as an early birthday gift) here to watch Ke$ha.  She had no idea Ke$ha was performing until arriving inside Wolf Trap!  Guess I'm the Uncle of the Year !  During previous visits to Wolf Trap I've sat in the lawn but further back as I arrived later than initially planned.  Fortunately, this time around we had a great view of the center stage sitting in section / row RORC7 QQ 110 while singing:"Don't stop, make it popDJ, blow my speakers upTonight, I'mma fight'Til we see the sunlightTick tock on the clockBut the party don't stop, no"Ke$ha was AMAZING !  Everyone was screaming and yelling out her name between sets.  My ears were still ringing the morning after !  If there was anything negative to review, it would involve her erotic innuendo's (whip cream spraying, male dancers wearing female 2 pieces and stripping).  I'm assuming a few parents had an interesting post concert conversation with their children.Prior to the concert we took advantage of the bring your own food (Z Pizza - See review here:  yelp.com/biz/zpizza-fair…) and beverage policy.  In addition, we enjoyed free parking with the tail gating atmosphere.    By arriving early we parked closer to the exit.  This paid off tremendously as we left with ease and no congestion as everyone else stayed for her last song.  Another plus was being dropped off right in front of the venue by the complimentary shuttle before the concert.The venue is well kept and clean as it is considered "America's National Park for the Performing Arts."  Fortunately Wolf Trap is a part of a non-profit foundation.  As a result concert prices and atmosphere is family friendly.  I'll definitely consider becoming a member ( wolftrap.org/Support_Wol… ) to further support their programs.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,10/1/2013,105,105,1,6,6>YES I FINALLY MADE IT HERE!  Came here with my mom and dad for some nice authentic Thai :) ATMOSPHERE:  Okay...this is hands down the most adorable and comfortable restaurant I have ever had the pleasure of dining in.  They have a living room theme (hence the name "Living Room Cafe" as part of the name).  The chairs we sat in were so comfortable and they were this beautiful robin egg blue color which was a color often used in the restaurant to match their country wooden floor boards.  I could go on about the decor but that's a waste of time when really you could be using that time to just come visit.  One thing unique is that they really express the importance of family at this family style restaurant- truly one of a kind. SERVICE:  The staff are very friendly and helpful.  I order my food really spicy so they were on top of water refills lol.  They are very sweet and I'm sure I interacted with the family who owns the place at some point.  Because of the living room experience it just made service seem so down to earth and family oriented. FOOD:  I got the Beef Nom Tuk for the appetizer - omg AMAZING...I'm totally getting this again because it was so flavorful, zesty, tangy, and spicy with tender pieces of beef.  I got the Ka Pow with Chicken (Thai hot) and it was good...comparable to other places though.  However it was my dad's tilapia that was the king of our table.  I highly recommend getting this dish.  It's fried in a perfectly seasoned batter and had a really good sauce with perfect flavor and lots of veggies.  My moms fried rice was really good too (had kind of a smoky flavor).  We ordered fried spring rolls for our appetizer but these weren't that tasty- kind of bland but it hits the spot when you're really hungry. My mom and I definitely want to come back and bring my brother.  We're going to try the drunken noodles next.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,2/23/2014,51,204,3,19,10>I've tried out several different comic shops in the Northern Virginia area, and put each through their paces - attempted trade-ins, made special orders, asked for recommendations, and so on.And after a year of living in the area, I've settled on Aftertime Comics as my go-to place.Why?- Location: Aftertime is located just a few blocks from the King Street metro stop, and is near a lot of restaurants and other stores. Even if you drive in, you can easily find street parking. - Look and Feel: Aftertime is a small shop in an old building that's really not bigger than your living room. And I dig that. Trades line the walls, sit in boxes on the floor, and new issues are in a few racks, with the high-end stuff behind the counter or under glass. It's a small, older, comfy-feeling shop that is exactly what a comic store should be: a cozy place that encourages browsing and discussion. There's somewhat of an order to the place, with DC/Marvel trades on your left as you come in, with indy trades next to that, and more trades on another shelf to the right, beyond new issues. More trades line the floor, with a half-off section near the register on the floor as well. It might feel a bit odd, but the layout doesn't change, and you'll have remembered the organization system after your first visit.- The Crew: Howard is the proprietor of the business, who will remember you on your second visit. He has a few co-workers who fill in now and then, but for the most part, he's going to be the one running the show. Like any comic shop, he'll offer to order anything they don't have in stock - but I've found that his orders come in much quicker than his competitors. Your orders should arrive within a week or so, and, Howard will usually offer some sort of discount or price break for being a regular. Howard is very knowledgeable about books/authors/artists, and will help you find specific items pretty quickly, or just shoot the shit.- The Merch: As a collector, I'm very picky about the condition of what I'm buying. I pick through the store's stock quite often, and I rarely (if ever) see a shabby or damaged book on the shelf. That's a big deal to someone like me, who can be quite anal about a trade they're paying decent money for. Many other shops are just fine with putting bent/damaged/frayed books out for sale. The few times I have seen books in rough shape at Aftertime, they've been moved into the half-off bin. The crew also puts out all kinds of free promo items for customers to take, like postcards, stickers, art sheets, or what have you.If you haven't been yet, definitely give them a shot.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2013,2/22/2014,219,376,2,4,3>The chicken here is on point! Tender, juicy, flavorful!My bf and I shared the half chicken, it comes with two sides and two sauces. We opted for fries (for me) and the cole slaw (for him). As for the sauces, we got the green sauce which was spicy and the other one which had a sweet mayonaise consistency. I dipped the chicken in both to offset the spiciness for me.Fries were fries, typical and nothing extra-ordinary. As for the cole slaw, it's a bit different from your traditional cole slaw. It looked creamier but didn't taste creamier. Kind of hard to describe, but it still wasn't bad. Next time we'll try the rice.I could see ourselves coming back here if we are in the mood for Peruvian chicken!
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/28/2013,2/21/2014,3,170,1,9,3>I had dinner here early on a Saturday evening. We called a week in advance for reservation for our party of 8. We arrived right at 5:30 and were seated promptly. The decor is quite a sight- very coal-miner chic. While there are some booths, our table had very uncomfortable benches to sit at, but otherwise not terrible.After being seated and looking over their fancy drink menus, we all ordered something different- some cocktail, some brews, myself the sole moonshiner. I got the Apple pie moonshine on the rocks and it was FABULOUS. We did wait a bit for our drinks, especially when the restaurant wasn't quite full and it was still early. I did love our mason jars and drinks in tin cans.Once the adult drinks were secured we got to ordering. I inquired about their scallop appetizer, hoping it was enough to serve as an entree. However, the waiter advised it comes with only one scallop. ONE for $12! 'But it is cut in half and quite large!' he insisted. As I couldn't be guaranteed that sucker was the size of my plate, I skipped the single scallop app and opted for a grilled chicken salad and shared sides.Everyone ordered something different with additional sides and everyone enjoyed their meal. The bison chop my bf ordered was a bit red but he said it was decent. Our shared side of roasted corn pudding and buttered mushroom were excellent- and come in cute little cauldrons! I was disappointed the meals arrived on large plates with no additional sides or garnishments- just a hunk of meat/fish on a large white plate.  My chicken salad left a lot to be desired- the chicken tasted like it had been frozen and was very dry.  Overall it was a nice experience.Our drink and food orders took a little longer than expected to arrive, but we did have a large party and everything came out correct and together. We also had split checks that were correct (amazing feat!) and we had very friendly service.The atmosphere is nice and not loud at all given the large open space and tall ceilings. It is a bit pricey (see the single $12 scallop above) but not bad for a special night out. They are still very new and experiencing growing pains so give them a chance!
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,2/20/2014,47,148,5,9,3>HO-LEE-POOP, how have I not reviewed this place yet?Here's what you need to know:  BEST NY-style pizza in NoVa.That's it.  That's all you need to know. I am a regular at Pomodoro, no joke.  Every Friday night, I gots to have me a large cheesy pizza.  Sometime I order it to go, sometimes I dine in.  But every Friday, I get me a large cheesy pizza from Pomodoro.Deliciously sweet sauce, thin crust with the cornmeal on bottom, generous fresh mozzarella on top.  That's it and that's all.Mmmmm...is it Friday yet?
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,2/19/2014,58,441,4,13,6>These are heady days at the sparkling, new facility of Mancini de Paris!  Clean, pretty, and new salon facility at coveted Penrose Square.  Polite and responsive staff.  Aveda products but not pushy about trying to sell them.  Mr. Mancini was friendly, kind, and shockingly young (40s).Adil Karkas cut my hair tonight, and folks, there is a reason the man has a cult following in the DC/ Northern VA region.  He is a salon superstar, a fabled celebrity.  A bashful knight in shining armour to legions of professional women yearning for a consistently good, evolving, reasonably-priced hair cut. He focuses 100% on you, he listens, he's not pretentious, he's gentle and kind, he's on time/ consistent, and he has a gift for cutting beautiful hair.  An uncommon gift.  The man does a blow-out like a bandit.  Cool.  Calm.  Doesn't pull or tug at your hair.  Y'all are chatting, and then suddenly - voila!  Your hair is glossy and gorgeous as you've ever seen it, while he demurely admires the mastery of his work.  Adil has a gentle hand and an eye for creative, soft, beautiful, professional looking hair.  He's embarrassed if you compliment his strikingly obvious talent.  Not only does he have a large client following, but the sweet lady who does washes and color has been his professional partner for years.  The cut with Adil was priced at $50 (Nov 2013).  So excited to have found him - the man is a rock star.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,2/18/2014,42,99,1,5,5>Breakfast? Yes. The biscuits and gravy are the best I've had in Arlington. I want YOU to try them and tell me I'm wrong.The home fries are made with fresh cut peppers and onions, and are just fantastic. You also get bacon and sausage and toast and eggs. All for $8 in Clarendon. The coffee was excellent too, and the waiter was on top of things.I didn't give it a 5 because, hey, it's a pub, and there was a lot of noise. Meh, nm I'll give it a five.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,2/17/2014,196,118,,9,5>New soul food joint in Del Ray! I always love a good soul food place. Coming from a southern family and having spent my formative years in the south I have a hard time passing up fried chicken and I am usually disappointed, not so with Mama Reacer's.The location sits in what used to be a deli and the old deli sign remains out front with a banner now proclaiming "new management" and "Mama Reacher's". Even the old deli menu board remains inside, which might create confusion for some. Printed Mama's menus are posted on the door, counter, and wall.I opted for lunch today and selected the Fried Chicken with mashed potatoes and collard greens. My to-go order was up in 10 minutes and was still piping hot when I arrived home. I was at first a bit disappointed to see that the mashed potatoes didn't have any gravy. However, after trying them I was wowed by the creamy and perfectly seasoned potatoes. Loaded with butter, wonderfully seasoned, the great fresh taste and a few bits of skin let me know that these potatoes were made from scratch.The collards were also great. A perfect rendition of soft greens stewed with some smoked pork were a wonderful combination with the mashed potatoes and the soft, crumbly, sweet, homemade country cornbread. A dash of hot sauce elevated the greens with a nice bit of kick.The star of the show was the fried chicken. I opted for the regular dark meat, white meat is extra. Often fried chicken suffers from being under-seasoned in most places. Mama Reacher's had a perfect blend of seasoning, just enough crust, and was still deliciously moist. The dark meat was cooked "whole" with the leg and the thigh still attached leaving you to get up close and personal, tearing your chicken apart.My only criticism is the price. While I was certainly satisfied with my meal, $12 is a bit on the steep side for 2 pieces of dark meat and two sides (I think the corn bread was a freebie from Mama, but I'm not sure if it is usually included in the meal). However, the sides were generous and, as noted, delicious.Keep that delicious chicken coming Mama Reacher, you will very likely be my go-to fried chicken joint when I need to get my soul food fix.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,2/16/2014,84,111,3,8,8>** buffet review only; dine-in to be eaten/reviewed at a later date! *** Thai AND Laotian food! *Why have I not been here for the past few years?!?! $9 bucks for their lunch buffet and only $13 for their dinner?! GOODNESS! That's a steal considering how much Thai food I eat and love! I think they are losing money with me there :/ sorry...They do have the same food served for their lunch and dinner buffet. From memory they have the following options that are always there:Chicken drunken noodles (spicy)Chicken pad thaiCrispy veggie egg rollsFried banana dessertCoconut taro dessertLarb chicken (spicy)Yum woon sen Veggie stir fry with tofuSpicy stir fry seafood (mussels, shrimp, octopus with broccoli) Crispy basil chickenChicken wingsI've seen mook fish served at dinner once. Steamed rice and fried rice are in the rice cooker containers and they serve soup as well. Although some might think the options are lacking, those dishes above are plenty for me (best of the thai dishes with a variety of protein choices - who can complain?!). Ordered the avocado sticky rice with mango (yes you heard right) for dessert and it was delicious! Pretty presentation too. The avocado went along with the consistency of the sticky rice to make it creamy and tasty! Mangos were sweet... and the coconut milk + almonds topped it off nicely.Service - by far the best. They fill your water cup so fast... and always clearing up your plates... and always smiling/very nice!I need to come back for dine in ... and to try more of their Laotian food!
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,2/15/2014,222,447,,8,2>We chose this place for date night on a Friday, and it turned out to be a decent choice.  The location is a little hidden, so if you don't live in the area, you may never know it exists.The restaurant was busy when we arrived, and we almost didn't get a table.  The dining area is a little cramped, so don't go there if you want an intimate setting.  We started with the Marzano salad that was big enough to share.  Then we ordered spaghetti and meatballs, and the Branzino.  The food was delicious.  I will definitely return and try to catch the happy hour.  I will also make sure that I make a reservation if I am coming for dinner.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2013,2/14/2014,27,85,6,15,8>Spa World is another oasis in Centreville, where I feel transported to my life and identity in Asia for a welcomed spell. It is not for everyone, and it may be pricey if one takes advantage of the massages (ranges from $55 to over $100 based on time and treatments) and scrubs (same ranges) in one visit. But for a bit of self-care, Spa World can feel revitalizing. The scrub experience: a thin, glorious older woman in a set of cultured pearls and a leopard undergarment set sloughed off 2 pounds of dead skin from my post-partum body - maneuvering my arms, legs, and torso as if she were scrubbing down a jalopy. Possibly a bizarre, David Lynch-like experience for some - not for me. The Poultice and Common Rooms: to see attendees in the tangerine jumpsuits lounging by the huge TV to watch Game 2 of the World Series, serene from their baths and saunas, was really cool. The Poultice saunas include an amethyst, clay, salt (read: the walk-in freezer at a restaurant), charcoal and two other rooms, where there are claims of different times of cleansing, skin effects, and remedy - just feels good to me. Hours - you can languish there for hours and hours. Do homework, telecommute, pleasure read, crossword puzzles, etc. Food: Its Korean cafeteria - its nothing to write home to family about. Though, not too bad, either. I didn't get sick, and I was really full at the end after my cold noodle soup (no fat). The day after Spa World - skin is smooth like marble, and my mind and soul are clear.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2012,8/23/2012,167,251,6,10,8>Came here on a weekday night for a quick meal with a friend to catch up and I will definitely return to try some of the other enticing dishes.  My only qualm is that some of the dishes seem a bit pricier than merited.Service was friendly and prompt.  Our server was happy to answer any questions and never left our glasses empty.  He also offered some great suggestions--we didn't take any of them, but they were at least offered!Everyone is given complimentary bread with olive oil/tapenade to dip in.  The bread seems to have a bit of a foccacia texture/flavor, but it wasn't spectacular.  I ate it because I was starving, but it seemed a bit stale and I wouldn't choose to eat it in a bread line-up.I ordered the spinach ravioli with tomato cream sauce.  The tomato cream was ridiculously delicious--deep flavors of parmesan, fresh tomatoes, basil, and creamy goodness.  It was definitely intense--not for the weak-hearted or dieting.  The ravioli were also perfectly cooked--the spinach in side was not overcooked and the ravioli itself had a nice al dente texture. Despite being rich and full of flavor, the dish seemed to be a bit small for an entree portion--only six medium-sized ravioli!My friend ordered the Mediterranean Pide--basically a spin on a pizza/flatbread.  The dough was fresh and crisp and the flavors layered on the mozzarella/olive oil base were delicious.  Portions were great on the Pide and I'm glad that I was able to steal a few slices from my friend since my portions were a little skimp.My friend also says that the tiramisu is the best she's had state-side.  I definitely will order it next time!  This time though, we opted to try the cappuccino flan as recommended by a few other Yelpers.  It was a lot denser than I had expected, but it had a delicious coffee flavor.  If you're looking for a lighter dessert, this would not be the choice.  Definitely would be a hit for the coffee aficionado (such as myself).
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2012,8/22/2012,375,803,5,15,9>It was a lazy Sunday afternoon and the girlfriend and I were in need of lunch before running various errands.  Not wanting to cook and looking for someplace we hadn't tried before, we consulted Yelp for nearby choices.  Our search led us to Balkan Grill, which had received very positive reviews.  Balkan Grill is a small, hole in the wall grill/kebab house (basically a counter to place your order, but with 5 bar stools to eat on a narrow ledge along the walls) specializing in cuisine from countries in/around the Balkan Peninsula...hence its name.  It's located in nondescript strip mall off of N. Kings Hwy a short walk from the Huntington Metro station.  Based on several of the menu items being Turkish, the owners may be from Turkey.  However, based on the lone picture they have on the wall, perhaps the owners are from Croatia.  Nevertheless, the menu is varied with regional appetizers, soups, kebabs, entrees, desserts, and even pizza to include Turkish Lahmacun and Pide.  Unfortunately, the storm had knocked out their power so they had to throw out many of their appetizers that interested us.  We split an order of Cheese Börek ($6), a generous-sized filo pastry stuffed with cheese (I'm guessing goat's milk).  It was surprisingly light and nicely flavored.  It only whetted our appetite for our main course. I had the Döner Kebab Sandwich ($8.50) made with a thick stack of thinly sliced, spit grilled beef served inside a house made pita bread with lettuce, tomato, green pepper, onions with a side of tzatziki.  Our server/the guy behind the counter was very personable and, obviously, cared about good customer service.  When he brought out our food to us, he asked if I liked it spicy.  Of course, I said "yes", and he brought me a small cup of a flavorful, red pepper sauce, that was a perfect complement to what I'd arguably say is the best tasting (and best value) sandwich I've had in NoVA.  The meat was moist, juicy, and nicely seasoned with Turkish spices.  The pita was second to none.  I was very impressed.  I won't say that the Balkan Grill is Alexandria's best-kept food secret since there was a lot of customer traffic while we were there.  But, it's nice to know that it's in the neighborhood.  Needless to say, I think the Balkan Grill will be a regular stop in my food rotation.  I'll certainly be back to try those menu items that weren't available this trip.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,8/21/2012,980,560,2,9,6>My boyfriend and I were supposed to have Date Night, but we got lazy and decided to opt for delivery. I was craving for Asian food, so after looking at Yelp, we agreed on Bangkok Noodle.Being half Thai, I'm super picky about where to eat and what to order in this area. We ordered kanom jeeb, (steamed dumplings - dim sum style) num tok, (grilled beef) crabmeat fried rice, drunken noodles, and mango and sticky rice for dessert. I always like to try drunken noodles from every Thai restaurant, because it's one of my favorite dishes.The delivery guy had to call us twice to ask for our address, but he managed to get to us within 30 minutes. They even packed Sriracha and plates for us!The kanom jeeb was so-so, but then again, I'm not a fan of steamed dumplings. I loved the num tok -- they weren't skimpy on the beef but added plenty of onions and scallions as well. The crabmeat fried rice didn't seem to have much flavor, but they were quite generous with the crabmeat, and it tasted better after a little Sriracha was added onto it. The drunken noodles were also pretty good, and it was definitely "Thai spicy." For those who can't handle Thai spicy, be sure to let them know to tone it down on the spice! The portion of our mango and sticky rice was a little disappointing because it was so small, (perhaps it was a delivery order, but we literally finished it in 2 bites each) but tasted like every other mango and sticky rice.While looking at the menu online, I noticed that they also had floating market noodle soup (aka boat noodle soup) so I definitely need to dine in the restaurant sometime to try it!
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,8/20/2012,246,200,8,15,12>Best raw bar and Ahi Tartare in area with warm, efficient service. Quality has its price. If that's an issue, try coming during restaurant week--PassionFish honors both DC AND Reston restaurant weeks with specially priced three-course sampling menus!!     Oh how I love Ahi Tartare, the creamiest and butteriest of fish! And at PassionFish, where each serving is kept at perfect serving temperature in a glass on its own little icebed with shaved bits of ginger throughout, each flavorful morsel gives a flavor explosion on your tongue as the ginger dances across your palate. Once I took colleagues from work and the entire table resonated with "mmmmmmmm"s and "oh my god!"s. We got a few looks reminiscent of the When Harry Met Sally scene (for those of you old enough to remember this movie) when Rob Reiner's mom says, "wow, I'll have what she's having!" :-). They have an impressive wine list and the cooked options are quite inspiring as well. If you want an intimate environment, ask to be seated on the top level. Otherwise the high ceiling is an echo chamber for reverberating each conversation and the din of clanking dishes. Nice place to take family and host friends! Outside seating is available as well and the thoughtful, iced presentations preserve the integrity and temp of raw items, even on the warmest Reston day.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2012,8/19/2012,58,441,,5,5>GREAT!  I went yesterday (Jul 2012).  Ambiance is a little more upscale than other Eden Center restaurants, with the modern decor, white cushioned pleather chairs, and some booth seating.  Service was prompt and attentive.I shared spring rolls (with shrimp) with my companion.  The peanut sauce wasn't as good as a restaurant down the way, but the vinegar/fishy sauce was excellent.  The spring rolls were worth ordering.  For the meal, I ordered another appetizer: a crispy spring roll with seafood, and it was GREAT.  The rolls come on a plate with lettuce and other vegetables.  You are supposed to wrap the roll pieces in the lettuce, then dunk that in the vinegar.  Tasty, and perfect for me, as I didn't have a strong appetite.The fresh smoothies are also excellent.  I got a coconut one, and it came solid - not "melt-y," slightly sweet, very fresh-coconutty, and with pieces of fresh coconut in it.  It was delicious - a real surprise!My companion ordered a vermicelli dish and liked it.  I saw two ladies order the hot-pot, where raw meat is brought out, and you cook it yourself, there at the table.The meal was great, and very reasonably priced.  This is by far my favorite restaurant in the landmark Eden Center (apparently people travel for miles to visit the center itself).I strongly recommend!
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,8/18/2012,15,75,5,15,15>Whut, whut? Decent dimsum in the NoVa area? I thought it was apocryphal; ain't no such thing in Northern Va.I was deeply sceptical when I heard about this place. We went, with very, very low expectations so that we wouldn't be disappointed (yeah, I'm looking at you two, freakin' Fortune and Mark's Duck House.)Dudes, this place is miles better than expected. The place is new and clean. The staff are super nice, and very helpful.  The food is GOOD. Ok, it's not Flushing, NY dimsum, but it's still very yummy.  Nothing is too hideously, painfully greasy, everything was hot and fresh, and there were lots of carts rolling around.  I had my fill of every kind of dumpling, chicken feet, hot tofu w/ginger syrup, congee, stir fried veggies, more chicken feet...It was delicious and relatively inexpensive (we ate a LOT.  But we paid no more than $18/person including tip!I kind of don't want people to know about this place so we can keep going and having our pick of table, but it's too awesome a place to keep secret.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2012,8/17/2012,100,447,3,7,3>After learning of Caphe's opening, I decided to give it time to work out the kinks.  Late Sunday afternoon, we were in dire need of some restorative pho, and decided to finally give Caphe Banh Mi a shot (despite no "pho" in its name) because it was in the neighborhood.We were pleasantly impressed.The service was warm and friendly - very mom and pop, but in a nicely decorated cafe (instead of a cash-only, sterile soup kitchen in a strip mall).  We conversed a bit with our waitress and the lady managing the place, and they were both very sweet.The cha gio (imperial rolls) used the authentic rice wrappers, and were nicely crispy and caramel-brown without being greasy.  They obviously had mastered a couple of tricks, including the sugar water one (if you've never made cha gio before, never mind - let's just say I skip the hassle and cheat by using wheat-based spring roll wrappers).  The filling was authentic - with crab, pork, and shrimp - melded together and not tasting fishy in the least.  The dipping sauce (nuoc cham) was a little plain and sweet for me, but it was still all right with a bunch of added garlic chili sauce scooped in.The pho's broth was nicely seasoned, very aromatic of herbs (especially star anise), and flavorful but not rich.  Sunday's broth was not on the sweet side either, like it was for a previous commenter.  Jalapenos, bean sprouts, Thai basil, and lime accompaniments were typical.  There are no options for large or small bowls - you automatically get a large - and it's pretty consistent pricewise of large bowls in the inner DC area.  It reminded me of a high quality, but homey pho you would find made by the servant girl at my aunt's house in Hanoi - but with better meat.  The connective tissue and little bit of fat on the savory skirt flank I opted for provided all the richness I needed in the soup.  The only topping I didn't care for much was the tendon, usually my favorite.  It tasted like it had been braised in water without any seasoning, when I'm used to it carrying the same meltingly rich flavor of the fat on the skirt flank.Something I'd never had before was the house lotus tea - green tea infused with lotus flowers, a specialty tea in Vietnam that I've never seen offered at restaurants in the US.  I nearly drank the whole pot myself.  It tastes a lot like jasmine tea, but lighter, with a very light floral sweet mung bean-like aftertaste (what lotus tastes like to me).  I love tea, and need to get some of this.On the MSG front, I am typically sensitive to it, and didn't feel any sluggishness - although I did, again, nearly drink the whole pot of lotus tea.The menu has some neat pan-Asian versions of banh mi sandwiches we'd like to try, and also one that pinged my comfort-food craving - with cha lua (pork roll, cleverly described as "Viet mortadella") but with a fried egg on top.  I also noted that there is pretty much a vegetarian version of every typical dish offered.We're planning on becoming regulars, at least for the pho+cha gio - and probably will come here at least half the time we crave pho (as a tendon freak, I'll still have to go to Pho 75 in Rosslyn... or Eden Center for bo kho curry pho) - not only because of the location, takeout option, and the food, but also to support a small local business like this, and a mom & pop venture like this.  Want to try some of the other things on the menu, so next time we'll split that large bowl of pho.UPDATE: the pho broth is inconsistent; went again but wasn't as good as last time.  After doctoring it up with additional fish sauce and sriracha, I finally made it into a pretty good broth.  Tendon was still flavorless, though.  Reducing to 3.5 stars.  Still need to try that cha lua and egg banh mi though!
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2012,8/16/2012,34,105,5,4,2>I gotta admit, Edy, you've got me on the hook.  Now that I'm going to be living across the street, I'm yours, all yours.  This place is like a peruvian chicken joint meets an a la carte diner/deli.  Once the smell captivates you from outside, you're lured into a neon laden interior and bombarded with pictures of menu items of everything but roasted chicken (of course everyone who eats there knows chicken is the main item).  I was surprised to see the variety of chicken sandwiches, cheesesteaks, and combo items.  Although the 1/4 chicken will forever be my go-to, the chicken/steak sub is monstrous.  My only complaint is that, although delicious, on several occasions the yuca fries aren't cooked all the way through, and lower my rating to 3.5.  This is a perfect place for less adventurous eaters as this is one of the few places that is well-staffed and isn't a hole in the wall.  Their employees are quick to supply with extra aji sauces and have free pour it yourself water. Rather than napkins, paper towels are provided for the gluts who end up with a face filled with aji amarillo and chicken grease (of course I'm not referring to myself!)My girlfriend's spanish will be getting noticably better in the upcoming months.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,8/15/2012,138,158,,4,3>Ichi Ban is so yummy and I miss living in McLean, because my dad and I used to swing by all the time.  The restaurant is tiny and a little cramped, but it's one of the quickest and freshest sushi places around.  Their menu is extremely simple, just basic salads, udon, a couple sashimi specials with rice, and their list of rolls is always on the whiteboard on the wall. I'm going to let you in on a secret.  The Utah roll is one of their specialities and is probably one of my favorite sushi rolls every.  It is simple shrimp tempura, avocado, tuna, and spicy mayo.  But they don't have it on the menu anymore.  I ordered it by name every time.  If you come here, you have to try it! I also love love love their spicy scallop roll, it's is so tasty with the scallions and my mouth is literally watering as I am writing this and thinking about it.  The rolls are all on the thin side with rice, which is what I really like.  They are so quick and a great lunch spot.  I love Ichi Ban above all the other McLean sushi restaurants and above Tachibana, which is right down the street and a big favorite in the McLean area.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2012,8/14/2012,61,106,2,8,4>You wanna know where the Thai people get their Thai food fix? This is it, friends. This place is relatively new, it used to be called House of Siam but they sold it to the current owners who changed the name. The secret to most Thai restaurants for those looking to venture outside the traditional curry and pad thai, is the Thai menu. The items on the menu are usually things that are less popular in America and so even if they were on the English menu, it's not likely that it would be ordered. But I am telling you, bring a Thai friend, be adventurous, and order away!My suggestions:- tom yum noodle soup (the broth is to die for).- kuay tiew lua (floating market soup) - this is legit, tastes like Thailand [photo]- som tum pu dong (papaya salad with salted raw crab) - you can tell them how spicy you want it- thup waan (literal translation: sweet liver) - if you're a liver lover, this is for you [photo]- kao tod nam sot (crispy rice with pork, tastes better than my description)- goong krob (crispy shrimp with kale and fried green beans) [photo]- mussel pancake [photo]- lad na (thai style chow fun with gravy!)This is where I usually go with my family if my mom doesn't feel like cooking because they have the best options of food we miss from Thailand. I decided to take a few non-Thai friends a couple weeks ago and they absolutely loved it. If you end up going without a Thai friend, ask the server for suggestions, she's also the owner and is always extremely helpful.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,9/30/2013,49,90,3,11,3>When we got engaged, I would have a panic attack every time I thought about trying to find a plus size wedding dress.  I had flashbacks of prom shopping experiences that left me in tears and wanting to just stay home instead.  I put it off for months.  I refused to look at dresses in bridal magazines because I was convinced I wouldn't find one that I could get in my size.  Last September I did a Google search to see if there was anywhere in the area other than David's Bridal that might have something for me to try on and I stumbled upon Curvy Girls Bridal.  I made an appointment for October and off we went.  I didn't have any idea what kind of dress I wanted (only what I did NOT want! ha).  I tried on a few dresses and didn't love any of them.  My consultant went to search again and came back with a suggestion.  I gave it a try and BAM!  Wedding dress perfection.  The fit was perfect for my shape and it was exactly the type of style that would fit in perfect with our "art museum set in the woods" wedding.  The dress was ordered and arrived in late February.  It only needed a tiny bit of alterations (the person that did the alterations was so, so lovely) and then it was ready to go.  I loved how I felt in it and I received a million compliments on it.This was by far the least stressful dress shopping experience I've ever had.  I thought I would have several crying sessions and have to try 10,000 stores before finding something.  Instead the 6th dress I tried at the first store (within the first half hour of being there!) was mine.  No matter how curvy you are,  I highly recommend giving Curvy Girls Bridal a try for a stress-free, enjoyable experience.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,9/29/2013,82,173,6,10,4>Why is this place located in secret/hidden part of the town?! I go to church nearby and just discovered this little gem. I feel like I don't deserve my elite status for missing out this.It's cute, clean, BIG, and modern. All you can ask for in a cafe, study place, hangout, and just relaxation. Perfect for any breaks in your busy life. Love it here!AND THE iPADS!!!!!!!! WHAT THE!!!!! OWNER IS BALLING!!!! You can play games and just goof around like you do at Apple Store like you're going to buy one but never do. They don't let you keep bored and stare at baristas when they make your drinks. Awesomeness!The menu is fairly standards. Breakfast + Light lunches. The prices are competitive and maybe little cheaper than normal coffee cafes standards.I absolutely love that it's quite and clean. Will be regular from now on!
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,9/28/2013,41,165,4,6,5>I was soooo excited to try the infamous 2941!  I came here for restaurant week with my family last night and found that the restaurant wasn't very crowded (given our reservation was at 6:15 on a Tuesday.)  The high ceilings and artsy décor gave the restaurant a lavish, yet un-snooty appeal.  Outside, the landscaping is magnificent - there's a large coy pond chaulk full of humungous coy fish and several waterfalls.  The left side of the restaurant overlooks a pretty pond.So, on to the good stuff... the food!  My family was pretty consistent in ordering off of the restaurant week menu.  Most of us ordered the same things, so we didn't get to sample a large variety of the menu.  The favorites of the night were the Salmon tartare as an appetizer, grilled pork loin and shrimp risotto as entrees and then the chocolate and vanilla parfait and the almond bread pudding as dessert.Appetizer:  the salmon tartare was absolutely amazing ... some of The best tartare I've ever had.  the quality of the salmon was melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  It was so fresh and fatty, I almost forgot I was eating fish!  It was also perfectly seasoned with Just the right amount of lime juice. I was also pleasantly surprised of the generous size of the portion.  It came with a zucchini fritter on top - the saltiness of the fritter complimented the salmon.  This is a Must try in my book.Entrees:  grilled pork loin - I only tried a bite of this dish, but it was absolutely amazing!  The pork loin was nice and tender, cooked to perfection, juicy and came with a sweet glaze.Shrimp Risotto - cooked in a savory lobster bisque, this risotto is creamy, rich and gets better with every bite.  Since it is cooked in a bisque, the dish is a tad on the heavy side, but it was so delicious that I had to hold myself back from licking the bowl!  The shrimp was also cooked to perfection.  I don't know how they did it, but they stopped the shrimp from cooking Just before it got that rubbery feeling that shrimp sometimes gets.  They were so succulent that I almost thought they weren't cooked (in a good way)!Dessert:  The chocolate and vanilla parfait was topped with blueberries and was a perfect yin and yang of chocolate and vanilla.  It was a small serving, however, it was extremely dense and got super sweet towards the end (I don't like super sweet foods.)  However, it was very rich and yummy.The big hit of the night was 2941's take on bread pudding.  It was a neat strip of bread, soaked in pudding, with little puffs of almond mousse along the top.  Absolutely delicious.  They added a bit of spices to this dessert to kick it up a notch.All in all, we had a magnificent meal at 2941.  I'm glad that the food was all it cracked up to be and I can't wait to come back!
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,9/27/2013,34,450,,11,8>After years of ordering the same thing every time, we've been slowly branching out (and they recently added a great new soup to the menu), so it seemed like a good time to update my review.We eat at Pho Thang Long almost weekly, so we probably get better than average service.  That said, the waitresses seem friendly enough to the tables around us, and the food comes out really quickly (at least if you get soup, some of the other options take a little longer).  For years we stuck just to the basic beef pho, but recently we've branched out and have been trying some of the other options more regularly:Chicken Pho (Pho Ga) - A nice mellow option, especially if you're not feeling too adventurous.  The broth is lighter than a canned chicken noodle soup from the store, but that is nice since a huge bowl of that rich broth would be inedible.  Grilled Pork and Spring Roll Vermicelli Bowl - If you're not in the mood for hot soup, this is a great way to have a lighter meal.  The rice vermicelli goes nicely with the grilled pork and the veggies.  Once you pour the sauce over the bowl and mix it up you get a bowl full of deliciousness that wont leave you feeling overheated and sweaty on a hot day.Spicy Hue Soup (Bun Bo Hue) - This is a new, and awesome, addition to the menu, but it is quite spicy so be careful if you don't want to clear out your sinuses! The Spicy Hue soup (with or without pork hock) has mild house-made pork sausage (delicious!), thinly sliced steak, plus a pile of thicker noodles, thinly sliced cabbage and sprouts.  The broth is spicy as it is, so I would recommend holding off on the sriracha for a couple minutes until you're sure your want to take it to the next level. The broth is also very different from the pho broth; it is much heavier on the fish sauce and is a lot more pungent, but if you're looking for something beyond the normal pho options, I highly recommend this one.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,9/26/2013,34,168,,11,5>The first time I visited Bambu was in Houston earlier this year.  I love it so much that, when I came back, I emailed them to see if I can open one here in DMV.  Well, needless to say, someone beat me to the punch.  But that's ok as long as there's one in DMV.To my surprise, I was heading to Thanh Son for my usual bubble tea when I saw the Grand Opening banner.  Went there and there were few people before me.  One thing I like Bambu beside the drinks are the decor.  It's very modern and a good place to hang out with friends for a quick drink.  The place is small though so maybe about a dozen can sit here.It's hard to explain since there's really no other places to compare to.  Their drinks are much different, more of a Starbuck quality than your typical vietnamese places in Eden.  I highly recommend you that you try their dessert drinks first.   There are many choices  so if you want a safe choice, get their #1 Bambu Special.  My other favorite is the #6.  I will need to go back here and try the rest now that they're here.  The price is about right and the staffs speak English fluently.  So next time you are at Eden or nearby, stop by here and thank me later.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,9/25/2013,19,93,4,6,5>From the outside, Miso looks like any other Japanese/fusion restaurant in a shopping mall.  However, Miso ranks well above most of its brethren.The decor and ambiance is quiet, restrained, clean and friendly.  But what really matters is the food.  Miso adds a nice twist to the usual Japanese set meals by allowing the diner to mix and match from a wide range of katsu, ramen/udon noodle soups, and sushi items.  Everything comes with an egg custard appetizer and small salad.  The main dishes were served fresh and hot.  The portions are AMPLE and everything was delicious!  And they ended with a small ice cream or yogurt drink...just enough sweet to finish the meal.  The prices are amazingly reasonable!  This was great value and we WILL be back!
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,9/24/2013,459,643,5,8,6>Last night some friends and I had dinner at Pho Sate last night after their renovation.  We had heard they were having some bumps when they first re-opened last week so I hoped a few days in, they would have worked it out and last night was not too shabby.Friends and I ordered some apps: beef eggrolls, pork egg rolls, and Twist Cruller.  For a party of 5, everything came out cut up so that was nice.  There was a bit confusion on how many orders of what but the server apologized.  I didn't come in expecting too much service wise since I had visited previously but appreciated the gesture.I've been eating mucho mucho meat lately so I decided to give my arteries a break and try the seafood pho my friend had raved about and it wasn't an option at my fave pho75.  The broth was light and fragrant and pretty tasty plus some beansprouts, lime, basil, jalepenos, some hoisin/sriacha and the infamous Sate Sauce and BOOM! Heaven.  My only complaint was the portion of seafood in my seafood pho: there was one measely piece of shrimp and one piece of squid and scallop cut up respectively.  Seafood was also a bit overcooked and chewy.  Next time (per usual), I think I will stick to the tried and true meaty options.Service is still spotty but hopefully they hone it and find their groove with the larger restaurant.  Kudos Pho Sate for expanding and looking cleaner than previously (no hair/dust bunny/tumbleweeds in the corners of the restaurant eww).  I will be back soon!
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,9/23/2013,273,378,2,12,7>Really, really good Lebanese food with many options for vegans and vegetarians. My experience with some Lebanese dishes at other restaurants, particular the mezze type plates, is that they can be rather bland despite all the spices. Unfortunately, freshness is sometimes questionable, too. Hard-as-a-rock falafel, limp and unappetizing grape leaves, day-old-looking spinach pies...Luckily, this was not the case at Al Maza. To clarify, Al Maza's dishes aren't good only because I have some disappointing points of comparison; Al Maza clearly cares about quality, and its chef seasons right.We ordered the falafel, grape leaves, fried cauliflower, and baba ghanouj to share. Keeping it light, I got the lentil soup while she ordered the beef shwarma. I especially appreciated that the cauliflower was barely breaded. How many have ordered fried zucchini or some other vegetable and had it come out looking nothing like it did in its natural form, covered in batter? Oooh, me, me, me! Although the cauliflower heads were fried, they still managed to seem pretty fresh, and, dare I say, healthy. These perfectly textured cruciferous veggies were served with a light, yogurt dip. Definitely recommend this appetizer.I enjoyed the other starters as well. The grape leaves stuffed with rice, tomatoes, parsley, and mint were well done, probably one of the best renditions I've ever had. Plump, vinegary, refreshing mmmmm. The baba ghanouj was, like everything else, very fresh, clearly homemade. And the mini-sized falafel balls were pleasantly crispy on the outside and airy and soft on the inside. I didn't try my friend's shwarma, but she said the spices complemented the beef well. Hefty entree portions. My homey lentil soup was comforting and filling. The perfect way to round out my meal.Here goes my only complaint:Service was a bit too attentive...She probably meant well, but the constant, "How's everything?" was rather disruptive, and made us feel like we were being shooed out towards the end of the night/closing time. Honestly, this was rather unpleasant, so I was tempted to deduct a star. However, the food is flavorful enough that I'll endure this again if I have to. Maybe it was also lack of experience that contributed to such awkwardness...Here, majority rules: One negative can't outweigh five or more positives. Overall, Al Maza is a cozy, casual joint that serves delicious and fresh Lebanese food.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,9/22/2013,43,199,3,9,7>I've been back to Shiro to dine in a couple of times and have gotten take out as well since moving out to the burbs.  Its never crowded, and the maximum amount of other diners I've seen eating at one time is 4 tables total.  I'm guessing this will change once all the townhouses get built across the street and the Emergency Center is finished.  The complimentary appetizer is still the most amazing thing I've ever had at a sushi restaurant. Ok, maybe not the most amazing, but its up there in the top two - and probably the Bloody Mary Appetizer here would be the other most amazing thing ever.  The fiance has committed himself to finding out what the heck the appetizer is and seeing if he can order it as a meal next time!  I believe its crab, tuna and salmon on a bed of cucumbers covered in their yum yum sauce with little speckles of rice krispy droppings. What is super cool about Shiro is that I don't eat chicken and the waiter remembered from last time and brought me complimentary miso soup and brought the fiance the chicken soup (honestly I haven't eaten here in about 2 months and he remembered!)  Not only do you get a complimentary appetizer from the sushi chefs, you get complimentary miso soup and salad...even at dinner!  Most Japanese restaurants you only get that in a lunch entree deal.  The sushi has always been fresh every time I've eaten here.  Service?  Awesome!   Sushi?  Awesome!  Shiro? Absolutely awesomeness!
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,9/21/2013,589,308,14,14,11>This is my type of Thursday night party.  Throughout the night, various DJs are mixing, however, they are all pretty consistent on the genre: Old School Hip Hop and Top 10.  Occasionally, they will slip in some go-go or reggae, and it's all gooooood! My first visit here, I tried to walk in all siddity and didn't plan to stay long since I had to drive back to Chantilly.  But by the third song, I was on the dance floor getting my groove back.The DJ plays music that makes it hard for anyone to sit in their seat and not get on the dance floor.  I was the only female within a group of dudes (yep, that's how I roll) and we all had to rotate on who was going to stay at the table to watch MY purse.  That's how serious it was.  For the dance moves I needed to bust, I couldn't have my purse holding me down!!Needless to say, I had a blast. I have already invited my girl gang and yelp friends back to this spot.  If anyone wants to meet out here on a Thursday, just let me know!Oh! And there is a $10 cover charge.I heard that they also offer hookah for those that are rhythm-challenged.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/15/2013,5/16/2013,114,216,3,8,6>If you're looking for a place with cheap cuts of meat and fresh produce, look no further.Don't be scared of the name, embrace it! I have a friend who refuses to shop here because he thinks it's "all Spanish stuff", which is borderline racist---but that's another story. I went in Bestway for a few beers and came out with four bags of groceries!I love the ethnic items at low prices and when I saw how fresh all the meat was, my face lit up. The fishy smell you might notice coming in is from all the fish in the back sitting out. I'm not sure I'd get any fish from here but the cuts of meats looked colorful and fresh. The staples of a meal weren't pricey, it's all the processed stuff that's a little bit more.Everything is easy to find, they have a variety of beers (some imported), and there's even a yummy food truck in the parking lot on warm days.If you need something quick for dinner and pass this before Wal-Mart, give it a try, you'll be surprised.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2013,5/15/2013,7,242,3,7,3>I was so surprised to find ample street parking as well as 2 surface parking lots behind buzz.  Walked into buzz at 930 am on a saturday and sat down on one of the couches waiting for my friends to come.  I was surprised with the ample seats, but a little disturbed with how dirty the couches, floors and tables were.  Now I noticed why there were antibacterial wipes near the trash cans.  Nothing that baby wipes can't wipe down.  Got a vanilla latte with whole milk (if you want to experience the taste of the coffee/espresso by the barista whole milk is the way to do it) and it was deliciously made and smooth.  Got the pumpkin toffee muffin and it was so moist and not overly sweet.  But speaking of sweet, I got 3 cupcakes to go:  coco loco, buzz, and Cookie Monster.  The hubs really liked the Cookie Monster.  The coco loco:  I almost always scrape the icing off any sort of cupcake, but I decided to try it.  It was creamy and oh so buttery topped with shredded coconut.  Mmmmm.  The cake part was a tad dense and not as coconut-ty as I would have expected, but good nonetheless.  Actually the muffin was moister than the cupcake.  The buzz:  oh wow.  Wow.  Just wow.  Chocolate cake base, but the icing.  Espresso flavored buttery icing!  This was prob the best cupcake I've ever had....
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,5/14/2013,443,442,3,6,5>I'm so happy I found this gem in Eden Center. As a religious follower of Huong Viet, I've been searching for an alternative that takes credit cards while offering authentic Vietnamese cuisine at reasonable prices. This is the place!Although it is a little difficult to find (immediately on the left as you're entering Eden Center, inside the mall), Hai Duong is huge and clean inside (unlike its nearby counterparts). Service is quick and as good as you can get for a Vietnamese place. My boyfriend and I wanted to try as much as we could so we ordered:Cha Gio (crispy egg rolls): crispy and comes in pork, shrimp, or veggieMi Xao Don (crispy noodles): The noodles remained crispy (which I liked) and the sauce was flavorful but not too overwhelming. We got the seafood one which came with shrimp balls, shrimp, and squid.Banh Xeo (sizzling cake): so crispy! The inside could use more meat and shrimp.Pho Tai: decent pho- not as good as some other places which specialize in pho, but the size was good for the price.Overall, I will be frequenting this establishment more often and can't wait to bring my Vietnamese parents to try it out!
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2012,5/13/2013,520,1346,6,9,6>I had never heard of Menchie's until I saw the building permits for this location.  I'm really excited to have a froyo shop in my 'hood.The staff is really friendly and excited about Menchie's.  They offer about 10 flavors, and use organic dairy.  Most flavors contain live cultures.  There's plenty of toppings and fresh fruit.  I mixed the dulce de leche and mud pie with Cinnamon Toast Crunch and some hot fudge.  Having sampled the flavors before, I was really impressed with mud pie, which was a great blend of chocolate and coffee.The shop is full of windows and is brightly decorated.  There's both indoor and outdoor seating, plus a table in a separate room.  I'd be a regular even if a discount card wasn't offered.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,5/12/2013,50,340,2,9,4>I was tired of having bras that made my "girls" spill out, felt too tight, straps falling off, etc. I am a busty gal and it's really hard to find a bra that fits right and is sexy.Enter Trousseau.A few of my friends have raved about this place, so one day when I had some money to spend, i stopped in. Upon entering, I was greeted right away and the saleswoman asked if I needed help. I said "I'd like to buy a bra that fits!" She promptly took me to an empty dressing room, measuring my underbust. She said there's really no accurate way to measure the cup size. Then she asked what type of bra I was looking for (everyday but still cute/sexy), and off she went. Within minutes she had a basic bra for me to try on for size and I kid you not, it fit perfectly. Once she got the cup part figured out, she picked out a few more styles for me. Each time she gave me tips on how a bra should fit.I walked in intending only to buy 2 bras. I left with 3 and a pair of matching underwear. The saleswoman was not at all pushy, but I loved the pieces she picked out for me that I wanted to buy them all! I compromised with a black bra, nude bra, a fun green bra with matching undies. The whole experience was so pleasurable and I will most definitely be back again for more.The atmosphere is really nice here. It's very much like a high end boutique but I was surprised that it wasn't as expensive as I thought it would be. My bras ranged from $60-80 and that's not much more than Victoria's Secret. Plus you get the super personalized service and a wider range of sizes.A month later I'm still in love with my bras. No "boob muffin top," the straps haven't fallen off, and I feel comfortable.I highly recommend checking Trousseau out if you're in the market for new bras.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,5/11/2013,96,138,6,8,7>I must say, I LOVE this place. The sausages here are so big and legit. I already foresee a lot of innuendo in my review. I just love sausages.Beer and sausages. And mussels. What is there not to love? I have tried the Hot Italian, the Chicken and Apple, and one from the middle menu that I forgot the name of (wow, that's not really helpful huh). I must say, each sausage I had was delicious. The sausage is just so big and juicy. My toppings of choice (you get two) are the grilled onions and hot peppers. Use a fork, for the toppings will most likely fall off as you eat the sausage (and it's a big one...). I will be trying the alligator/rabbit one next time I go! Additionally, you can order your sausage with a salad instead of on the bun, although I prefer mine hotdog style so to speak.The place is very new, and there are seats outside so you can enjoy your sausage and beer on a nice day. They have a good amount of TV's inside so you can get up to speed with your sports games and whatnot. Service was good and friendly both times I've went. It can take a few minutes to get your order, as it made fresh for you right there on the grill. It's pretty big inside, and I suppose parking is standard Clarendon fare (street and such). I imagine this place to be very busy during the nice weather and/or after drinking. Makes me want to go tonight!
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,5/10/2013,253,399,5,11,6>What has two thumbs, loves cerveza, cupcakes, long walks on the beaches AND supports local business?  This sexy bastid right here!Yep, I'm a big fan of supporting local businesses! I was pleasantly surprised when I heard from my buddy Donald P that a local home brew shop existed just a quick car ride from my little adobe hut.  The reason for my excitement is that I really enjoy brewing my own beer in the comfort of my own home.Normally, I'd use one of two big online beer supply places...but having My Local Home Brew Shop (myLHBS) is quite handy.  Although the online retailer prices seem cheaper, myLHBS's prices are similar if not better when you factor in the cost of shipping for the online stores.  Plus, the fact that you can actually talk home brewing with the staff of myLHBS makes all of my visits that much more fun.Everytime I've visited myLHBS, the gentleman working there is not only very knowledgeable about home brewing, but he's a very nice guy.  Often time I have my monkeys with me who tend to be fascinated with shelves and "cool" looking beer making supplies (the love the bags of beer caps).  I give the myLHBS dude some props because he wasn't shy at telling my boys to be careful, but he did it in a very playful and polite way.This little store has everything a home brewer needs: - great selection of hops - liquid Wyeast - malt in the form of grains and liquid extract - plenty of brewing supplies (hoses, bottles, airlocks, buckets, etc)Honestly, you wouldn't guess by the small size of the store that they carry almost everything you need.  If they don't have it, I'm sure myLHBS would be happy to order something for you.  Don't be fooled by the prices, they may seem a bit more that the online places but trust me...when you factor in the shipping costs of those other dot-com stores, myLHBS' prices are very competitive.If you're thinking of getting into home brewing, definitely stop by and chat it up with the staff.  They also have a website and a Facebook page and are great at answering wall posts or email questions.  Sometimes they also host demos/interactive lessons on brewing for anyone curious to learn about brewing (and drinking) your own beer at home.Glad to have such a cool place so close to my 'hood.  A toast to myLHBS!  :-)
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,5/9/2013,136,144,,8,3>I love this place.  It always reminds me of my GMU school days, and its where I got my art bins and canvas portfolio, which I both still use to this day.  I love browsing the aisles because there's a ton of artsy stuff for almost anything you're into; printmaking, screen printing, etching, tie dye, plus drawing and painting of course.  Every time I'm there I want to buy something else!Michael's is in the same shopping center, and they do have some of the same products, but its like kid's stuff compared to this place.  The people who work at Plaza seem like artists themselves so they're more in tune with what you're talking about.  I gave them 4 stars because some of their stuff does seem on the expensive side, but most of the time they offer deals on the retail price.  Plus the savings card gives you 20% off on everything not on sale!  Yup, this is the art store to go to if you're in the NoVa area.  Online may be cheaper but there's something to be said about getting to look at and hold what you're buying.  Plus -- no shipping. :D
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,5/8/2013,190,502,3,5,5>I've been to a lot of diners and this may be my favorite. Not only do they serve superb food (manage your expectations, this is still a diner), but their staff is very friendly and won't hesitate to crack a few jokes with you. Really laid back feel where they aren't trying to be more than they are and the prices are reasonable. Meat loaf is a winner. Moist, tender, well spiced, and you get a huge portion! Mash potatoes taste like they or instant like at a cafeteria. I don't have a problem with that though. They are not grainy, just velvety smooth and with some gravy, yum!!! Don't be shy about asking for extra gravy, I do every time;-)Cheese Burger was a perfectly cooked medium with lettuce and tomato on the side. A well made burger is tough to find and this one tastes exactly as you would imagine. They don't stuff their patties with herbs or spices to mask old meat or any such thing. It's just a really fresh and tasty American icon done well. Home fries are also really good. Small chunks of potato lightly browned to perfection!Bread pudding was a disaster. I imagine that a big part of that was because it was their last piece at the end of the day. It wasn't even warm! We mentioned to our server that it wasn't very good and he apologized, made some joke about it and knocked it off our bill. No harm done! :-)With their generations of family pictures, little league photos and other paraphernalia collected over the years on their walls, this little diner has so much authentic charm. Love this place, and I think you will too.P.S. Saw the half smoke drenched in chili show up at a nearby table and it looked really good. That's for our next visit:-)
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,5/7/2013,115,493,8,17,17>There's a very good variety of dim sum offerings here, including salt and pepper fried baby squids!! sqeeeee!! But seriously, I was pretty satisfied overall with the various types of dim sum here. In some ways, this place kind of one-ups the dim sum places and experiences I've had in Maryland; it's the closest to Flushing, NY's wide assortment of dim sum. They even have those old-school, traditional pan frying carts, crisping up dumplings, turnip cake, and chive dumplings right in front of you. The only thing that was disappointing was the oversteaming of the har gow/shrimp dumplings. Otherwise, this place is pretty proactive in refilling tea pots with hot water (there's not even a chance to flip the tea pot lid to signal an empty pot), the tables are stocked with hot sauce, and general turnover of dim sum variety was pretty quick. Service here is English-speaking friendly, so no need for to wait for the Chinese-speaking friend to suggest going for a dim sum run. We went right at noon during Sunday and we only had to wait about 15 minutes for a table of two. So, there was little wait time. Being GPS-dependent, my GPS routed me some funky way.It turns out, this place is located in the plaza right across the street from Eden Center. This parking lot can get pretty packed during the weekends though.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,12/15/2012,36,154,2,6,5>I am so sorry Pho 75. Now, I am leaving you for....um.. ladies. ;) I have been living in Nova for 10 years, and I consider myself a true local guide, especially when it comes down to restaurants in DC/NOVA area. I have been a royal fan of pho 75, and recommended this place to anyone visiting DC, But, my recent visit to Four Sister Restaurant changed all. I love south east asian food in general, but I am not very knowledgeable about vietnamese food. So, I trusted my fellow yelpers, and went with pho and some summer roll with shrimp. Here, you can choose among small, regular, and large sizes, and I chose regular. My husband chose large. The regular size was perfect for me, and I had enough slices of meat. My husband's large bowl, he didn't think it came with enough beef. The broth is clear and not fatty. One of the things that I disliked about pho 75  pho was that the broth was a bit fatty (and you can see the oils floating in the bowl). Not the case, here. Clear broth and also very fragrant. You can actually smell the spices that they use in the soup. I am not sure if the soup is MSG free - but if I had to put my money down..I would say no MSG. (please let me know if any of you find out.) The summer roll was pretty good too. Freshly wrapped and the peanut sauce was perfect. It comes with shrimp and pork, but I got it with just shrimp. We went there on saturday afternoon, so the place was PACKED!! You might have to wait a little to get a table during those rush hours (on weekends). Expect about 10  - 15 minutes wait. Again, you are not going to get a five star service here. But, servers here are so much nicer than servers at pho 75 (I think they made too much money to be nice to you).  FSR has course menu, as well: dinner for 2, 4 and large party. This is something that I would definitely try later. I will keep you all posted on it. So, now I am a convert. Bye bye pho 75.. hello FSR!!
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2012,12/14/2012,225,575,7,8,5>Its LEGIT!  Maia and her fellow instructors will work you out HARD at the WORX!  I must have sweat off two pounds after attending a Thursday all body workout class consisting of insanity and P90X exercises.  The evening workout was so intense that I almost released my lunch!  Fortunately I knew my limits so I toned it down a bit.  The experience was truly amazing and motivational.  The fun atmosphere reminded me of PE class back in high school.  Regardless of fitness levels, everyone was encouraged to do their best!  There's even a recognition wall with club members sharing success stories with a description of when they started at the Worx along with a before and after picture.Try a class for free or better yet purchase their living social before it expires below:t.livingsocial.com/deals…
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2012,12/13/2012,740,1110,1,8,6>I LOVE HISTORY! This for sure fed my craving to learn about George Washington and to experience a tour that made you feel like you went back in time.My boyfriend and I split our visit over the course of two days on Saturday and Sunday. If you arrive after 4pm like we did, they give you a day pass to continue your tour the next day or when you choose to within a timely manner of your first visit.We toured the mansion and some of the gardens on the first day, and on the second day we explored the tombs, wharf, and the rest of the plantation. I did get to participate in the wreath laying ceremony which was extremely neat at Washington's tomb! I got a certificate indicating I had participated in it as well... definitely a memory I will never forget.Make a point to explore the museum and the exhibits they have in the visitor's center. There are so many wonderful things to see and learn more in depth about Washington and his life. They also have a few theatres with films you can watch and enjoy too.When you come here, expect a lot of people. It is not crowded to the point of annoyance, but do anticipate a line when you enter the mansion tour.I really enjoyed my visit.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2012,12/12/2012,325,307,5,9,8>"I say let the world go to hell, but I should always have my tea."  Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from UndergroundHouse of Steep has brought a piece of Zen to Cherrydale's most hectic of  highways. This tea sanctuary is not far from the Lee Highway/Old Dominion bifurcation and it somehow manages to shield it's patrons from the hustle and bustle of everything Arlington. If coffee shops and java joints are for energy-bing-bangs, then this is the yin to that yang. "Steep" is new to my neighborhood and it's a great alternative to the coffee dominated caffeine scene. Usually I'm an energy-bing-bang with an extra shot of bang-bang kinda guy. On the other hand, I've never pledged full allegiance to the dark-roast side and tea is always a viable option. I visited the shop on opening day and was greeted with a warm reception. The staff was quick to help with suggestions and willing to provide menu navigation without hesitation.Opening day was somewhat humid and the folks at the front helped steer me towards a peach/apricot iced tea that was phenomenal. A cool, fruity thirst quencher that begged to be savored and was able to stand it's ground without added sugar. My tea companion ordered hot tea (lavender perhaps?) which was served in a cast iron tea kettle. Takeaway tea cups apparently do not yield as much tea vs. the indoor tea kettle. Both beverages were fantastic and the experience was amplified by sitting inside and savoring the tea in the comfort of the zen-like atmosphere. I didn't have an opportunity to enjoy any of the healthy snacks or any of the reflexology/foot treatments available but it's clear that "Steep" caters to the mind, body and spirt. This would be the perfect adjunct to the Yoga studio across the way or the perfect getaway to enjoy a cup of tea in a stress-free nook. If you are a tea enthusiast, this spot is not to be missed. If you need a little more yin yang and little less bang-bang then look no further. It's more personal than the Teaisms and Teavanas and a lot less urban-hectic than Starbucks. If this description fits you, show "Steep" your love and have a cup and bring a friend. The Boston Tea Party is over and the age of tea drinker is dawning in the Cherrydale community.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2012,12/11/2012,64,823,8,13,9>SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO EXCITED!!!!  I have been waiting and waiting for this to open, and last night we rushed over here to sample some beer.  Actually we came twice last night because it was too crowded the first time.  AWESOME place!First things first, the beer was great and the beer list was long.  Here is what I had:  Delirium Tremens (good, really strong), Left Hand Milk Stout Nitro (amazing creaminess and like a Guiness!) Lindemans Framboise (basically liquid candy) and Bison Honey Basil 12 (very unique and delicious).How do I remember the exact beers, you may ask?  Well, one of my favorite things about this place is that they have a free app for your phone and it records what beers you are drinking!  We actually downloaded the app before going, and it was awesome because we could see the beer list, a description of each beer, and re-sort the list based on different factors like country or type of beer.  This app provided a lot of entertainment.  And then you sign up for the loyalty program, and you get points for each different beer you try.  And it records the beers automatically when you swipe the card.  What a great idea!One sneaky thing they did that I do NOT like: they make it seem like you get a free T-shirt for signing up for the loyalty program but actually it is $15.  I was so excited about my free T-shirt until I got the bill.  No mention was made by the waiter that it wasn't free.  Actually, thinking about that, I just docked this review to a 4-star instead of 5.  The T-shirt is cool though!The bathroom is poorly designed - the stall door practically touches the toilet when you open it and you have to plaster yourself against the wall to get out of the way so you can close the stall door.  My first thought was: how would an overweight person be able to go to the bathroom in here?  There isn't enough room to comfortably close the door without almost touching the toilet with your leg.  Gross!They have all sorts of special nights throughout the week.  Ladies night I believe on Sunday and they have trivia on Tuesdays and some kind of beer deal that made me excited but now I don't remember what it is.  We will have to go to the trivia and see how it compares with the excellent trivia at Rock Bottom with Jay!Oh, and they have a deal with some nearby restaurants where they deliver to your table.  That is cool!All in all, I am so excited about this place and can't wait to go back.  Anyone planning to be a regular here and has a fancy phone, I definitely recommend downloading the app - it is lots of fun and makes the beer-picking process less onerous.  WOOHOO!  I love this place!
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2012,12/10/2012,259,273,9,7,7>I wonder if Justin would have continued to date me had I spent our entire first date talking about Meow Meow, showing him pictures of her on my phone, and reaching my peak excitement of the evening when occupied with thoughts of my feline companion.  I hope not, but then the crazy cat lady in me wonders if I may have talked about her just a little bit.GRAPE + BEAN is a particularly small wine and coffee bar.  How does this relate to crazy cat ladies?  Or, maybe more importantly, how do crazy cat ladies relate to G+B?  Because the tables in the back are so tight that you're literally in your neighbors' conversation, and the couple beside Brianna and me were quite clearly on a first/second date.  Even I saw the chick's pictures of her Maine Coon.  Your cat may be huge lady, but mine could beat yours up any day.  Rawr!  Strangely enough, but not as strange as the scenario, the acoustics of the space mean that you actually don't hear most of the other people's conversation.  I could very easily have tuned them out without hearing a single word.  However, just like hearing your name said half way across a crowded room, when I hear anything about a cat, my whiskers perk up.  The seating in the front is along the bar/walls, and the spacing on the front window is so tight with the bar that I don't think any non-anorexic people could sit on both sides at the same time.  If you can snag a seat, you'll be in for a treat.  This place isn't your typical wine bar; it has more of a locals only feel (but in Old Town we welcome everyone!).  Maybe that's because it's not right on King Street or because it's so small that it feels really intimate.  They have something like 250 bottles of wine available (though it's irksome that so many are kept along the walls of the dining area standing upright and surrounded by lit candles) and about 20 varieties available by the glass.  The variety of the reds by the glass was limited.  If they only have maybe 8 choices, why have two pinot noir and two cabernet sauvignon?  And when you're selling $11-14 glasses of wine, there are plenty of other, better choices than what was listed.  There is also a refrigerated area with beer and our waitress was helpful in selecting a fruity Dogfish Head for Brianna.  Aww, sweet memories of Augusta, GA where Mr. T once described that very beer as "tast[ing] like a dream."If you're hungry, there are some small plates, salads, and sandwich options, as well as cheese and charcuterie plates.  The menu is more amenable to lunch at one of the two small tables on the "patio" outside and the C+C plates seem better for snacking with wine, especially given the set up of small tables / bar seating inside.  I've sampled some of the cheeses and have ordered the BLT (very fresh veggies, overall quite good, served with potato chips).G+B is also an adorable place to come for coffee in the mornings.  After having wooed Justin enough by not talking about my cat, we came one day for a breakfast of coffee and a cookie (from somewhere else, oops).  It'd be a perfect spot to stroll to hand-in-hand on a crisp fall morning, get warmed up by coffee and leisurely walk home ready for the day.  It'd be even cuter if Meow would learn to walk on her leash and accompany us.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2012,12/9/2012,8,146,1,5,4>Stopped here for early dinner after a wine tasting on a Monday, so not very crowded at all. Had an almost private table out on the back patio. Lovely atmosphere.  In the mood for a burger and their Baby Burger was just right--Papa and Mama Burgers available also--but no homage to Goldilocks or porridge on the menu. It was one of the better burgers I've tasted...added provolone cheese and some fresh sweet peppers!Got the Gazpacho as my side...wow it was so full of vegetables, you could see the veggies piled high from far away as the waitress made her way to our table...a very good version of this chilled soup (probably less soup than veggies).   My sis got the tofu steak, which didn't knock her socks off, but was good enough...two big slabs of tofu glazed in a soy based sauce. She liked the couscous and green beans that came with it. For the vegetarians out there, they do have a number of menu options.  Large local beer and wine offerings too. We split the peach and cherry bread pudding, which grew on me as I was eating, however they did seem to use canned cherries. Our waitress was very sweet and checked in regularly. But it was a little strange that she didn't realize the bistro's happy hour was going on (3 to 6pm), or exactly what the specials were for HH (advertised as you walked in) when we inquired about it.Black Bear Bistro rates a solid 3.5, edging towards a 4. Most of the items used local fresh ingredients and I could taste it in our dishes, which was a big plus, along with good menu offerings.Take note of the bear theme throughout the restaurant and bar--and on the menu.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2012,12/8/2012,484,231,3,8,5>These are LEGIT gourmet burgers.  Finally, a solid beef patty that is actually "set" before it's served so when it comes out to you it's not covered in grease.  On top of that, the burgers truly are weighted after cooking.  A 2/3 burger is * huge *.  There is an excellent selection of quality toppings, sauces, and cheeses.The parmesean shoestring fries are to die for.  I could eat them alllll day!FULL SERVICE BAR.  ADULT MILKSHAKES.  MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM.Service was friendly, the decor was a bit sterile, but okay I guess.  The only only hold back I have with this place, I guess is because there are SO MANY choices, it can be a little daunting.  I'm an adventurous eater, but sometimes I'm not in the mood to randomly pick toppings and inadvertantly ruin my delicious burger.That said, I know the whole thing with The Counter is choice, so I get that, however, I do wish there were some more pre-set beef options, and/or a "signature" beef burger (there was one Counter Burger, but it didn't stand out to me) for those less adventurous.All things considered, this is a great option for pre-gaming before a night out on the town (although the location being in Reston might be a bit strange for that, unless you are going out drinking in the town center, which I guess some people do), or fast decent burger.  Not quite date night type of venue, but post run from the trail high protein meal kind of place.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,12/7/2012,159,235,8,6,5>Crispy, sticky, tangy, juicy.  Bon Chon is the addictive experience that will have you hooked from the very first bite.  And as if that wasn't enough, this location also features the popular, kimchi cole slaw that offers a unique spicy addition to an already scrumptious meal.  Whether you be asian or not, the food a Bon Chon is amazing and it is sure the please anyone.The food is served in a fast atmosphere but it is a slow art.  Be sure to order ahead at least 30 minutes prior to your visit so that your wait time is as painless as possible.  The service here is really great, the owners had a nice conversation with my wife and I during our first visit here couple of years ago.  We learned a lot about the cooking process and history of the chain that hopes to expand worldwide.I have yet to try the pork belly buns, but I swear by the seasoned fries and kimchi slaw.  I will bypass the Fairfax location (an extra 20 minute drive) in order to get that spicy slaw - it is the bomb.  Another reason Centreville rocks: the chicken is usually larger, they offer more options for yummy appetizers (in addition to the pork buns) like mandoo, zucchini fries and calamari at this location and yes, even frozen yogurt while you wait.  Five stars in every category, make sure you bring your chopsticks and your appetite.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2012,12/6/2012,65,55,,4,3>I've been in here one time but my brother and my sister-in-law have been back several times after being introduced to this place by my wife.  Just like Tony's next door, If you're a transplant from the NY/NJ area, you'll love this place.  I'm not sure if the owner is a new yorker or not but I can kind of understand why some V'Ginians are a little put off.  Gotta have thicker skin.  The service was prompt, the food came fast, and he got my order right.  They have a plethora of NY named sandwiches to choose from that sound delicious.  My wife tells me that they are in fact delicious.  I wanted to go to Panera this morning feeling more secure with a consistently good product, but glad I went to Bagel Buddies instead.  The bagel was great.I'll be back here.  There's no other sandwich shop in the area that makes the kind of sandwiches I used to get back home. (NJ sloppy joes and such.....  Wiki it.  Apparently a lot of V'ginians  don't know about any other sloppy joe than the one that comes in the can.  go figure....).  4 stars is for service, variety, and a good bagel.  Since I haven't tasted any of their other offerings yet, I'm reserving the right to withhold a star until I do.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,5/26/2014,404,719,15,18,12>I have a new fun workout to look forward to every Wednesday and Thursday at 6am!Yes folks, you have to get up at 6:00am, and it makes sense why.  After work, they have this place filled with kids and its impossible to do your workouts.  At before sunrise, the place is quiet, and not filled with other people's annoying "angels"I'm always looking for new workouts that make burning calories fun!  This one is being added to my weekly repertoire.  Jenny, the instructor, is fun and knowledgeable.  The class consists of a warm-up (I usually get out of breath just in the warmup) followed by jumping and running around the trampolines for a couple of minutes.  Depending on which class you go to, you will do some high interval exercises (great for calorie burning!) or if you go to boot camp, it's more of a circuit set-up where you go to stations and complete different activities.Even though you're working out, I had a smile on my face for a good 95% of the time (5% of non smiling was during the wall sits...)  I can say that running on the treadmill, I have a 0% smiling factor.Oh and I didn't even say the best part.  10 classes for $70.  That's $7 a class for all you math whizzes.  Love.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,5/25/2014,232,435,12,13,10>Ok, I'm not normally a massage type guy; the idea of someone I don't know laying paws on me conjures up images of George Costanza's massage experience. youtube.com/watch?v=Y-UQ…Yes, I'm a nervous puppy when it comes to such things, and of course there was that time I signed up for a Turkish massage in Istanbul, only to learned a few minutes before the dreaded event that the process involved me lying naked on a stone slab while two big, burly Turkish dudes would proceed to pound and knead me like pizza dough. Afterwards, I was to be whipped with branches. This description sounded more like something out of  prison move than a relaxing massage, so I balked at the whole idea..Sorry, no Turkish Delight for me, my friend.So when my lower back and hip started to bother me, I started going to a chiropractor but this only seemed to bring temporary relief. I mentioned it to a friend, and she said that I should try Whole Health Massage...As you can imagine, I was at first somewhat suspect of the whole process, but I am here to say that my chiropractor may have just lost a client.First, everything was very casual and cool, and Miss Brenda put me at ease right away. I like the idea that I'm getting a massage in someone's home and not in a clinic setting. I'm fine with the clinic setting for a chiropractor, but for a massage I much prefer the homey atmosphere.Her house was decorated in a very chic hippie feel with Buddhas and Indian decor that just made me want to say "Namaste". It reminded me very much of my time in India, so I was on board from the start. All of it, the decor and Brenda's charming, infectious personality made the experience one that I would recommend to anyone. Now, I have seen some reviews that have mentioned that she has dogs, but I wasn't freaked out by this at all. I only saw one and he was hardly Cujo, keeping to his area, nor did he attempt to participate in my massage so we were fine. I told Brenda about my problem areas of my lower back and hip, and she got right to work. She had me step into a screened in hot tub out in her garden, and I have to say that it was one of the more enjoyable hot tubs I have ever had. It was open to the sky and i loved looking up at a canopy of stars while I felt the tension leave my body. Next, she led me to a steam room which was a bit more of a chore; I felt as if I were fighting for survival in that room, because Hey, there's well steam everywhere (duh). However, when I emerged I was very loose and ready for my massageBrenda started off with some real deep tissue massage. She explained that although she wasn't chiropractor, she should be able to provided some relief as my muscles in those areas were extremely tight. She used several different techniques all over my back and I soon forgot that I was as vulnerable as a baby seal (remember, I 'm basically George Costanza). In fact, I became so relaxed at one point that I fell asleep for a few minutes. However, I am glad that I woke up for my favorite part of the massage and that was were she walked on my back. I gather this is her specialty. She said it was called Ashiatsu, but really the name was wasted on me. All I know is that it felt like tiny panda paws squeezing the tension from my body. From now on, I will just call it panda paws and enjoy every relaxing moment.So when my massage was over I immediately noticed that the pressure I was feeling in my lower back was pretty much gone. In fact, felt relaxed over my whole body, and later the next morning I got out of bed without feeling as if I were Nick Nolte in the movie North Dallas Forty. (If you haven't seen this movie, Nolte plays a pro football player whose body is so riddled from injury that he can barely get out of bed in the morning.) Yes, thanks to my massage this morning was quite different, so I can definitely see myself going back for another treatment. Brenda is amazing!! What a transformation!!
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,5/24/2014,325,307,11,15,14>Flippin' your fins, you don't get too farLegs are required for jumping, dancingStrolling along down a - what's that word again? Street...Wish I could be Part of that world-Selected Lyrics from The Little Mermaid, Part of Your World Yes, I quoted The Little Mermaid- Don't judge me. Something about this "local flavor" is fishy.  This 18-foot tall lady has been living large in the press since she was carved out of a dying 100-year old ash tree. Roadside America, The Washington Post, Weird Virginia, ArlNow and other local news sources have covered her story. Some Arlingtonians would like to have had other attributes on her covered. I'm a huge advocate of artistic expression and I don't know why this piece was so controversial when it was unveiled. Even Barbara Favola chimed in on her mild discontent for the statue. She was quoted in the Post as saying, "It's amazing someone would exhibit that taste in this county." (former Arlington County Board of Supervisors and current Senator representing the 31st district of Virginia) I have mad respect for Babs, but really? If we were in Europe or seeing this on the masthead of a ship- this would be a non-issue. I think she's great. This was a present from wife to her husband honoring his love for fishing and for his love of women. Hopefully the chainsaw sculptor, Scott Dustin, saw a little more buisiness with all the media coverage.    I love that the tree was given a second life and now she gets to bask in the sun in her reincarnated form. Love her or hate her she's an Arlingtonian and is a local landmark. Cherish the weirdness of Virginia. What are you waiting for? Go fish.P.S. She's located on private property and you should probably admire her from a distance. You can see her from Lee Hwy as you drive by or you can park on a side street and enjoy her beauty from the sidewalk. The later is recommended given that Lee Hwy motorists don't have the patience for Sunday drivers.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,5/23/2014,333,234,29,31,31>This is probably the first time that I rushed home to write an exemplary review for an exceptional place in my new neighborhood.Ramparts is everything great about a local haunt. I wouldn't have discovered this place if I hadn't received a coupon book, in the mail, promoting Alexandria restaurants. Out of all of the coupons that were offered, I'm so happy that this place was the first place we chose.We were able to find space at the bar and were given attentive service. Our dietary needs were met because the menu and staff accommodated a no carbs, no meat thing we do on Fridays.I ordered a build a burger, without the bun.He ordered a Caesar Salad.Savory goodness.Then we got to play Golden Tee golf too!
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,5/22/2014,41,320,2,8,6>It's too bad it has taken me so long to stumble in here! Cuz I like it! It's small and divey, they have a ton of awesome beers on tap, the food is good, and all the dudes that work there were chill and laid back. The bartender recommended I try a Baltic porter beer when I couldn't decide. Never heard of a "Baltic" porter but they had 3 on tap - not too shabby. The beers on tap rotate frequently so there's always something to be found.Also, get the BBQ Pork sandwich. It was very good. Sadly, it wasn't until I only had a 1/4 of the sandwich left to remember to put some of the slaw on it....then it was awesome!! Put all the slaw on that baby! You'll scarf it down!
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,5/21/2014,6,105,2,6,7>Wow, what a wonderful, delightful little gem!  I drive past this location all the time and had no idea it was hidden back here, behind the more obvious establishments in the adjacent shopping center.  Yes, the place is kind of tiny.  Really tiny, there are perhaps 5 tables and a bar?  But, to us, it was elegant and intimate.  It's a family run business, and they are friendly, very helpful, and engaging.  We tried the 3 cup chicken, Yen's Special Taiwanese Noodles, and the dumplings.  Really different and amazing, nothing like other "Chinese" places (had to had the stereotype quotes).  We also gave the expensive tea in expensive teapot and cups a try.  Had to emphasize the "expensive" thing--they literally have a sign on the table that warns you it will cost you like $100 or something if you break it.  That actually put me off, but it was a nice experience, the pot stayed hot over a little flame, and they make a big deal about sending the big tea-ball home with you, as you can make tea again later.  The tea was exquisite, by the way.Loved the place, will definitely go again!
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,5/20/2014,65,236,2,11,7>I was looking for something new to try near my office and wow what a gem. I pass "the Corner" everyday on my way to and from work but have never thought to stop in but I am so glad that I did today.The quality and taste of the food more than makes up for the restaurant's less than inviting exterior. This is a super small restaurant. The seating is very limited and it looks like most people use them for carryout. The staff (cashier and food server-- same guy) was friendly and helpful. He guided me through the choices and helped me to make my selections. I had the jerk chicken, coco bread and rice and peas. All were delicious. The chicken was tender and very flavorful. It was fall off the bone moist. Notably, jerk chicken is by its nature spicy and this chicken was a perfect blend, it was spicy but not so much so to make it inedible. The fried plaintains were delicious and I highly recommend the coco bread. I will relay the server's words to me when I was making my selections, "It's all Good" and I truly believe that it is. I can't wait to come back again to try some of their other specialities.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,5/19/2014,64,177,1,10,6>Having gone through the DC bridal boutique circuit over the past month or so, this place stands out by a mile.  After quite a few disappointing experiences in other Old Town boutiques, I walked in here, got five star treatment, and said "hellz yes to my dress" (finally!).  The boutique itself is bright, organized, and spacious enough so you don't feel like you're competing with other brides for mirror space.  The actual selection of dresses will blow you away - Laurel and Brittney (mother and daughter team) hand pick the dresses each season and their attention to detail is very apparent.  If you love lace up dresses - this place has an amazing selection!!! This place caters for every body type, and if you are not a size zero you'll be pleased to find out that the samples actually fit! Most of the samples in this store fit me like a glove, so I really got a better understanding of how the dress will look in real life.  And - most importantly - the prices seemed reasonable.  The 10% purchase price rewards (can use to purchase anything in the store) and $100 off for liking them on facebook go a long way.I'm not as into this whole bridal dress shopping thing as other brides may be, but honestly I couldn't have had a better experience than the one I had at 4Everly.  Laurel, Brittney, and Miss Jeanie knew exactly what I was looking for and made my ideas a reality.  They also made me feel super pretty/bridal when other boutiques had left me feeling tired/bloated/slightly angry!!!TIP: check out their jewelry/veil selection: not marked up like other boutiques.  The owners love to find a bargain and will pass those savings onto you :)  Also try to come on a weekday night so you are not playing "battle of the brides"
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,5/18/2014,77,138,1,8,4>I purchased a Groupon for a facial here and was not disappointed.  I've only had a facial a couple of other times many years ago but I spent a lot more money on them so this was a good deal.  Claudia is very thorough, cordial, accommodating and informative.  Even though I showed up a few minutes late, she didn't rush me or rush through the process.  The studio is also lovely, modern, clean, relaxing.After an analysis of my skin, Claudia suggested the anti-aging facial with the AHA (alpha hydroxy acid) peel which is the one I was leaning towards anyways.  She also did some extractions on my nose that were necessary but as MyTran L. said, not fun.  She was still gentle as possible in my opinion and made sure I was doing okay.  She also gave me a complimentary tube of night cream to help with some irritation I had.  I'd never heard of Rosa Graf products but I really like the cream I'm using and may consider purchasing some from her.  She also did not try to sell me on any products which is a big pet peeve of mine when spas/salons/etc do that, so i appreciated that.Because I've never really gotten facials regularly, I didn't really think I'd see a difference, but my skin certainly improved.  The fine lines on my forehead faded almost completely and the irritation in my skin is better.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,5/17/2014,4,57,4,12,8>Delicious made-fresh-for-you pizza. It's $8.50 no matter how many toppings you go with, and as far as I could tell, there aren't any "premium" toppings. Go nuts with bacon and shrimp pizza if you want. You start with a crust (they didn't have wheat, just regular and gluten free), pick one of the sauces, then choose whatever cheese you want. After that, you can choose from all sorts of toppings, even stuff from their salad section like lettuce, arugula, croutons, mango, etc. My dining partner had chipotle sauce, jalapenos, pepperoni and strawberry jam (turned out surprisingly ok); whatever you want, they'll put it on the pizza. They cook it up in a wood-fired oven, and it's ready in 5 minutes.They have Boylan fountain soda, and I recommend the banana pudding for dessert. You can also make a dessert pizza with something like PB&J, nutella or mushrooms for $8.50.I hope this place takes off, because it's a neat, cheap concept for pizza.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2013,6/7/2013,108,251,6,5,3>As my girlfriend (Jane H.) wrote below, this is my new favorite Thai restaurant!!! I was so surprised to see such unique decorations of this little "livingroom" thai cafe/restaurant when I first walked in. The decorations were so creative and unique and nothing i've seen at any other thai restaurants. From the chalkboard picture frame reservation signs to coasters cut from old record labels (see pictures)... How much more unique can you get?? Not to mention, the food is delicious. My Kapow fried rice with seafood was spicy, flavorful and filled with scallops, shrimps, and squid. I had a bite of the drunken noodle and the pad see ew from my gf's plates and it was GOOD!! I did think the crab meat fried rice could use more flavor. The waiter was really nice but it did take a while for him to take our order even after we told him we were ready. He left for a good 10 minutes and we had to flag him down again. It might be the language barrier? We weren't sure but we enjoyed our comfy sofa chairs and the atmosphere while we waited :)A little suggestion: The reservation sign on our table had my phone # displayed. I would suggest not writing the phone# on the sign as it is personal information! Otherwise, the sign is a very nice touch.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,6/5/2013,149,221,,10,6>I went to the soft opening last night and was tremendously impressed by the quality of the food.  The Aush soup was deliciously unique, with its flavor coming from fresh herbs and possibly lemon juice, mixed with thick, udon-like noodles, and ground meat.  The best dish I tasted - this is high praise given that everything was fantastic - is the vegetarian dish Bouranee Baunjaun, which is eggplant in a complicated tomato base with heat.  If you are delicate to hot foods, ask for more of the mint garlic yogurt sauce.  I could eat that yogurt as a main dish, it was so good.  For a side dish, I got the Qabuli Palow, which is browned rice with raisins and carrots, and was tastefully executed.  Unlike other Afghan restaurants, the Kite Runner Cafe offers several different vegetarian options.  They also offer a big selection of Kabobs.  My dining companion said they "killed it" with the kabobs, which were marinated and cooked perfectly.  Overall, the food tastes homecooked and as though they are using recipes that have been perfected over time, using less salt and grease than one expects from a restaurant.  The food was not only delicious, but I left feeling like I ate a healthy meal.  I will return soon!!  The interior is also very modernly urban, clean, and welcoming.  Note that for parking, there are a few spots behind the restaurant, and some spots available on the flanking side streets off Lee Highway.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,6/4/2013,56,139,,7,3>Intimate and inviting, Villa Mozart is on a short list of romantic splurge-worthy places in Fairfax City. A quaint, classic Italian spot that has an atmosphere of leisure. It's not the kind of place to visit if you are planning to catch a movie; the meal is an experience, so plan to savor and linger. The service is impeccable and the food is good. If they are offering Filetto Di Manzo or any other preparation of filet Mignon, DO IT! I don't know why, but every filet I have ordered here has been amazingly velvety and succulent.They have a decent wine list with a variety of price points. Split a bottle, relax, and enjoy the full Villa Mozart experience.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,6/3/2013,210,261,4,7,7>Ill start off by saying I'm not much of a Mexican food fan, but since we were going out with another couple and they suggested it, I thought "why not" and decided to just "go with it".  I'm so happy we did.  It was a Friday night, and I had a feeling with it being Cinco De Mayo weekend it would be busy.  To my surprise they did allow us to do call ahead seating, so although it was busy, we called ahead and upon arrival only had to wait about 10 mins to be seated.  Always call ahead people!  The line for everyone else was really long!  Upon seating, we were served with nachos and salsa.  I though the nachos were rather small, hard for dipping, but the salsa was really fresh and had allot of tomatoes and cilantro.  It tasted really fresh , not like something you would get from a bottle.  I thought the salsa was excellent.  As an app, we ordered the chili con queso.  All that creamy cheesey and meaty deliciousness should be illegal.  It was very tasty.  I nearly licked the bowl clean. For dinner, since I'm not a huge Mexican food fan, I decided to order the Mariscada.  The Mariscada is a huge bowl full of fresh seafood, including clams, fish, calamari and shrimp served in a tomato saffron broth.  It was extremely delicious, and if I hadn't known I was at a Mexican restaurant I would never have though Id find a dish like that there!   The service was very good, and the atmosphere was a bit loud an annoying (there were a million birthdays that night and the staff sings) but overall it was a surprisingly good experience and I'm glad I gave Mexican food a second chance.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,6/1/2013,54,104,4,5,7>I was sure this place used to be some kind of an American grill or something but to my surprise it has been transformed into an awesome Thai restaurant.  My go to menu items:  Pad kee maw and Gang Pha.  Now, this dish will melt the skin off of your face so not for the faint of heart.  A hearty hot pot of vegetables with a very spicy broth.  I am very big fan of hot foods and even so, this dish will get my forehead sweating.  My buddy who I went with a couple of weeks ago took pics with sweat coming down my face.  Howe good is that?  Another amazing dish is Phad Phed Pha, which is another scorcher but with a generous serving of eggplant.  This is a wonderful family run restaurant with very authentic and well presented food in the old business route of Leesburg.  Highly recommend if you are in this area, or even if you aren't take a detour and give it a try.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2013,5/31/2013,196,118,3,3,3>In the sea of sandwich shops and deli's in the Ballston area, Mike's stands out as one of the better ones. It is a go-to location for many of the office workers in the area tired of chain food and Mike's offers a wide variety to choose from. The location additionally offers a fair amount of outdoor tables and even if they are full you can take your lunch and sit in Wellburn Square on pleasant days.Fresh-roasted, hand-carved meat options are a good bet for lunch (Turkey, Roast Beef, and Cuban Pork). Bread choices are many (to include wraps) and you can customize your sandwich with a multitude of toppings. Lines can get long during the lunch rush but orders come out quickly and I don't think I've ever waited more than 15 minutes for my meal.Breakfast is also offered with standard offerings of egg sandwiches, bagels, and nicely loaded omelettes. Be aware of the sometimes pricey up-charges for substitutions and sides, as you may get improperly charged for additions vs substitutions if you don't carefully communicate with the cashier.My only complaint is that I am a huge fan of a traditional "club sandwich" which requires 3 pieces of toast. However, though Mike's has all of the ingredients, I have been told twice that they "can't" make a sandwich with three slices of bread. Really? With all of the other up-charges I'm sure you can figure out the cost of a single piece of bread and charge me appropriately. Until they figure this out, I will have to continue to go around the corner to Laura Cooks to fulfill my Club Sandwich cravings.As long as Mike's continues to put out consistent food and serves with quick, friendly service it will continue to be one of my "go to" places for a quick lunch break.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,5/30/2013,101,259,2,15,7>Amazing shop!  Being from Texas, I'm used to a big selection which this place definitely has, but what makes it stand out is the stellar service.  We went in on a crowded Saturday and had no problem receiving prompt and very helpful service. We were greeted almost immediately by Julian who helped us throughout the buying experience.  He had plenty of advice to share and seemed to be one of those people who genuinely enjoys his job.  We had pretty solid ideas about what we were purchasing when we walked in, but after suggestions and much patient back and forth, we settled on something a bit different.  I had never had this level of service or the breadth of selection before.  Of course the prices are higher than online, but it was so worth it to be able to hold 10+ guns before the final decision.  Also, they have a full room of accessories including holsters, dummy rounds, and various police accessories like badge holders.  We will definitely be back.  Mark us down as super-satisfied customers.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,5/29/2013,162,152,5,10,8>It's pretty crazy how many Thai restaurants there are within a 3 mile radius from my house - probably at least 10. Thankfully, Thai food is one of my favorite cuisines. I eat it at least one a week, so it was inevitable that I was going to try Sugar Palm. My husband and I came here for dinner with our friends and godson. One thing I noticed right away was that they actually had a decent wine list. My go to drink though is a lychee martini. Theirs was just okay.As for our meals, we started it off with the Thai wings tossed in a Sriracha honey glaze. It was probably my favorite dish of the night. The wings were moist on the inside and crispy on the outside. The glaze was not too spicy and not too sweet. For my entree, I went with the Pad Cha Talay (Sautéed shrimp, scallops, squid with green pepper corn, finger root, & bell pepper). The dish had two peppers next to it on the menu, but it was a lot spicier than I thought it was going to be. Usually I like to soak my rice in the sauce, but not in this case. Overall, the dish was good, but I probably would not get it again. I should have just gotten my usual - panang curry.The only negative thing I would say about this place is that the portions are smaller in comparison to the other Thai places I go to which are about the same price, maybe a little cheaper. The do have some unique dishes on the menu (crispy pork belly & lamb masamun curry), so I will definitely be back to try them out. Service was great, too. We had two servers working our table and they were super friendly!
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,5/28/2013,5,120,5,9,4>Had lunch here, today. All in all, coming from PA, I'd mostly given up on sandwiches in the DC area. There's been a (very) few exceptions, over the years, and this is one of them.Having spent as much time in Philadelphia as I have (Philly sports fan since my childhood growing up in central PA), I was astounded that the people in my lunch party had no clue that it was a Philadelphia-oriented restaurant. I had no idea going in, but, upon seeing the menu names, immediately knew the Philadelphia theme (who, outside of Philly are going to have a "breakfast hoagie" and one named "Passyunk Avenue"). People in my group just thought they were just a mix of odd and generic street names. Mind-boggling, I know.At any rate, I got the 9th Street cold cut sub. Basically, just your "Italian" sub, but with all the right ingredients. Well, almost all: I couldn't get onions on it because, in what I can only assume is to cater to DC expectations, they only offered red onions (serious WTF, by the way).  The hot pepper relish on offer also seemed a bit odd - it was like they sought out the seediest pepper relish they could find and then used that. Seriously: there was more seeds than pepper-meat. Still good though. I ordered it on the traditional bread (I think). Whoever baked it had left it a little long on the moist cycle, so its crustiness bordered on bulletproof. That said, the doughy part of the roll was just about dead-perfect for what you'd expect in a real Philadelphia sandwich shop.I wasn't in the mood for a hot sandwich, so didn't try the roast beef. I don't imagine it will be like the good, ultra-messy South Philly roast beefs, but, if one of the operators can tell me ahead of my order, "yeah, it's wet-style", I'd order it in a heartbeat. Being a DC-area establishment, I just can't imagine that they'd put that on the menu: most people in this area tend to be overly-tidy about their foods. :pOne last quibble: why you guys gotta carry Herrs. Yeah, they're made in Hanover, but so's UTZ. I'd always associated Herrs more with south-central PA than south-east PA.Oh: and no cheesesteaks?? I can respect that they didn't want to try to emulate Genos/Pats/Jims, but still...
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,5/27/2013,138,252,3,9,5>Excellent place to pass the time while waiting for a table at Yechon and of course good in its own right. There's tons of beautiful Asian style fancy cakes, both individual, and whole, and assorted pastries. The individual cakes are a little more expensive than usual Chinatown bakeries (around $4.50), but the cakes are interesting and good quality. It's also an option to special order cakes. The green tea is divine, light, fluffy, and full of just the right level of matcha flavor. The oreo cake is also delicious--oreo crumbs on the outside, chocolate cake, and creme filling. The macarons are bad, so don't waste your money. There's nice seating if you want to eat in.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2012,10/2/2012,225,575,2,3,3>Rabieng never fails to deliver authentic Thai food.  Albeit not as glamorous compared to its sister restaurant Duangrats, the food is just as good if not better.During my most recent visit we ordered the fresh pouched Calamari salad as an appetizer.  I would compare it to Ceviche Thai style!  The dish wasn't too spicy but delicious nonetheless.For our entrees we order:* Beef Basil Stir Fry* Chicken Panang Curry* Pad Kee MaoAll of the entrees were tasty.  The basil stir fry could've been a bit spicier.  The Panang curry was a bit on the sweet side.  The Pad Kee Mao was cooked perfectly, e.g. noodle not too soft / hard with a crisp / burnt spicy taste.The dinner crowd started flowing in around 6pm.  We arrived at 530pm and were promptly seated.  The servers were very attentive with refills, delivering our food, and even picking up our plates.  Rabieng provides a great bang for the buck and delicious Thai food.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,10/1/2012,36,154,3,8,5>Danielle's Desserts are OUTSTANDING. I have all my family's birthday cakes made at Danielle's, and I love that she makes them herself (not with some stupid interns). For customized cakes, she will ask you which color, flavors, and decorations - so that your cake is truly made for that individual. Each cake is made everyday fresh - every morning. They are never pre made. My favorite is the strawberry n creme cake!! Keep in mind that her cakes are quite expensive. As much as I truly value her skills and worship her cakes, I do think that it could be slightly cheaper. My husband jumped out of his chair when I told him his birthday cake was more than $60. Her cake is rich, heavy, made with REAL ingredients as real homemade cakes should be. Except that I can't make Danielle's cake at home. :) Don't you dare think about calories and losing weight when you walk into Danielle's. You won't find any "light options" although you can go with a smaller treats like cookies or cupcakes if you courageous enough to resist a big peace of cake.You do need a bit of patience because the place can get busy - and it could get a bit chaotic - people over the counter muti-task..and it makes them seem like they don't know what they are doing.. Also, they may not have what you want - popular cakes do go fast, and I don't think they make them enough. But, once you get your cake, all you will think about is how heavenly her cake is and how wonderful your life is that moment. My sister and I often visits her bakery for our CAKE THERAPY, and we get a slice cake and some tea - and it works better than yoga, trust me. This spot is also a great spurge spot when you are shopping in Tysons II. So, Go get some cake! Oh..my mouth is watering as I am writing it!
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,9/30/2012,74,153,4,6,5>When I read that the place does Korean Cajun fusion, I was skeptical. For some reason it has become trendy recently to combine korean food with other cuisines such as Mexican. I was afraid this was just another trend follower with no idea of how to make good cajun or Korean food. Well I should not have worried, the owners are Korean and Cajun, and so know their stuff. The food was phenomenal. We had the Fried pickles and Catfish bites with a dipping sauce which was just so delicious. The catfish was tender and non-greasy, and whatever breading they used for the catfish and pickles tasted really good. We also had the house-made noodles, which was my 2nd favorite dish of the night. The noodles tasted not just house made but made within the past 5 minutes. Fresh and with a touch of spice that does not build up in your mouth. The mushrooms in the noodles were earthy and mildly sweet.Then we had the duck breast over rice porridge. wow! It was covered in a plum sauce and had delicious orange slices along the side that complimented the food just right. The duck was perfectly cooked.Then for desert we had the bread pudding with banana ice cream and caramel. WOW! I think it's the first time I've had something banana-flavored that actually tasted like fresh bananas and not some chemists approximation of banana flavor with yellow dye or something.It makes me sad that some of the reviewers here complained of small portions. This is fine dining, the point is the flavor, not stuffing yourself until you have to be rolled out of the restaurant. If you want that kind of eating experience go to a buffet, you obviously don't care about the taste of the food, you just want to get bursting full. In my opinion the portions were plenty large. They label the food based on size and they tell you when they seat you it is tapas style. We used the small portion items as appetizers and used the large ones as sort of main entrees. The duck breast for example, was large as promised and fed the two of us without a problem.It might interest others to know their beer selection is phenomenal and they look like they make fantastic cocktails, but I did not get to try any cocktails. Also, the bathrooms are super modern and cool, in case you care about that sort of thing. It was dressier than I expected it to be. No need to wear a suit or anything, but if you are a guy I would wear at least a dress shirt if you are coming in jeans. This is a phenomenal restaurant with food that tastes like it should cost twice as much as it does. Highly recommended for all of you foodies out there.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,9/29/2012,117,207,3,8,3>I really enjoy going to Four Sisters, and I don't think I've ever had a bad experience there. First, I really love the ambiance. They always have gorgeous fresh flowers that one of the sisters puts together, and the artwork is really nice and fresh looking. We usually get seated fairly quickly too.I usually order the summer rolls for an appetizer, which are really fresh and have a good peanut sauce. The green papaya salad is also a favorite. Some of my favorite entrees are the lemongrass chicken lettuce wraps with vermicelli patties. The flavor of the chicken is amazing, and it goes really well with all the accompaniments and the vermicelli patties. The pho ga is also quite good, but I rarely order soup there as they have so many other great options. The crispy crepe lettuce wrap is also quite good. It's definitely different, but it's very tasty...and it's huge!!! Plenty to share. Another favorite that I have tried to replicate are the snow peas sauteed with garlic. OMG!! They are to die for!The only thing to watch out for is that they serve some of their food sort of family style. Well, they put it in a bowl in front of you and you scoop it on your plate. We had a work lunch there one time, and one of my coworkers did not get that everyone had their own dishes and he started picking everyone's food out of their bowls and putting on his plate! He went mostly for my snow peas, but everyone just keep letting him do it because it was too uncomfortable to say something. He just didn't get it. Haha! Nothing to fault Four Sisters for though!
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2012,9/28/2012,325,307,4,17,7>American Foam Center is a hidden lil' fella near the Home Depot off of Lee Highway in Fairfax. American Foam Center specializes in, well, foam. I've been to this location to purchase a replacement foam piece for two chairs and recently stopped by to pick up a sheet of acoustic foam for my makeshift home studio. Do you know how difficult it is to find this stuff in the DMV? According to their website, they can also make mattresses for you. Their Customer service is full of old school hospitality. The store itself is not much to look at, but the staff is helpful with measurements, price quotes and special orders. Have an upholstery, foam, mattress or custom cut need? American Foam Center is your guy. Their limited schedule can make things a little difficult for you Sunday-project types. Open Tuesday-Saturday from 10-5, Closed Sundays and Mondays.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,9/27/2012,303,378,3,6,3>I've mostly been to Minerva for the lunch buffet, as that seems the best bang for the buck. A while ago, the buffet was about 10 bucks after tax, but they've gradually increased the price, and now after their massive renovation, it's about 14 after tax - still great value for quality Indian buffet!The food here has got this down-home feel to it from what I can tell. I'm not Indian, but it seems like it would be the kind of food I'd find if I stopped by someone's house. I'm always looking for flavorful blasts of spices in Indian food, and Minerva delivers plenty. The butter chicken is smooth and flavorful - great to compliment their biryanis and lemon rices with. Their naan is also a great way to sop up the butter chicken sauce or some of the spicy goat curry. The tandoori chicken is a popular item, and it's done pretty well. If you're vegetarian, they have a bunch of veg-friendly dishes as well, such as fresh salad, vegetable frys, dosas, and chaats. There's also always a great selection of chutneys and yoghurts to round out the experience, such as tomato based ones to peanut based ones. End it all with some sweets, like the creamy fruit custard or the hot sugary doughnut balls. If they had kheer, I would be all over that. Service is usually quiet and attentive - they clear out your plates quickly and make sure you have a pitcher of water at the table. I do agree that service could be a bit more personable, but it doesn't detract from my experience.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,9/26/2012,159,235,6,15,11>Welcome to the city of Saigon, South Vietnam, Virginia, 22044.  Washington may have the Friendship Arch in Chinatown.  Fort Washington, Maryland its Filipino community, Annandale and Centreville have their awesome Korean restaurants.  But this sectioned-off mall in the Seven Corners area of Fairfax County is proudly Vietnamese.From the palace lion entrances, to the South Vietnam flag that still flies over patrons who arrive from all points DC / MD / VA.  This amazing market is a testimony and tribute to Vietnamese immigrants and their determination to struggle and survive in a new country after such tragedy and sadness.An exact replica of the Saigon Ben Thanh Market Clock Tower sits over a shopping and eating mecca that is distinctly Vietnamese.  The smells, sounds and sights in here are alien to most non-asian Americans but this place offers a chance to experience another part of the world and be back home by nightfall.Eden Center should be a tourist trap, but it's not.  It's been a well-kept secret for so long because of the language barrier and the typical American's aversion to foreign fare - especially anything that might require something other than a fork or spoon.  The new generation however is shedding it's ignorance, and eventually this place will grow by leaps and bounds.As excited as I am about Eden Center, I can only give it four stars because the parking configuration is too authentic to real Vietnam; i.e. absolutely nerve-wrecking and insane.  Plus, the place can be family-unfriendly at night as the night clubs have been known to have crime and gang-activity.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2012,9/25/2012,204,522,5,6,5>The companion and I are pretty dim: we went to Spa World on a scorching day for some relief from the tortured weather, only to find that everything inside the sprawling space was also scorching. Honestly, this impacted our experience, because even though we knew about the famed bade pool, the ice pool, the dry saunas, the 157 degree amethyst room, and the clay room, we thought the common areas would be cooler. In fairness, 90 degrees was cool compared to the bade and saunas, but it still didn't provide us a space to completely relax.Spa World is incredibly hospitable, and offers every convenience to persuade you to stay for several hours: massages, delicious scrub-downs in the bade area that leave your skin silky smooth, manicure services, napping rooms, and a nice cafe and bar lined with plush lounge chairs with large televisions hung on the wall. The food is a touch expensive but perfectly tasty, fresh, comforting, and nourishing. If you are interested in the nail services, be sure to book ahead (even though they take walk-ins) because entire days of these services go quickly. And, as everyone has said, be ready to love showing every inch of your body in the bade area and locker rooms, and be ready to glance at every inch of the people around you.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2012,9/24/2012,259,273,7,11,8>***3.5 stars***All the hype about Arlington finally getting a "real" beer bar made this place sound like it was going to be comparable (or at least close) to ChurchKey (yelp.com/biz/churchkey-w…), one of if not the premiere east coast beer bars.  World of Beer is no ChurchKey.  But then nothing is.  Sure, WoB tallies 50 taps and over 475 bottles with international options, local breweries and plenty of other domestic craft beers, but I'm more one for quality than quantity.  Seeing as they have monthly and seasonal features, you know the menu won't be changing as often as something of caliber should.  Prior to opening day, the first beer list they had available was a step down from ChurchKey but still with lots of good options, including an oatmeal stout I'd never tried -- the Boulder Obovoid oak aged oatmeal stout.  Unfortunately when The Vegetarian and I arrived, we were met with a very different draft list with a void where the Boulder Obovoid should have been.  There was excellent representation of local brews, but pretty much all of the drafts WoB offers are readily available -- at least by the bottle -- in stores and bars in the area.  Opening night was crazy busy but there were plenty of waitresses and bartenders.  They were definitely overwhelmed but were still friendly and as helpful as they had the knowledge to be.  As they get more experience with the bar's operations they'll have answers down pat, so I don't fault them for not knowing everything on day one.After some disappointment at the dearth of unique beers, my partner in crime and I decided we'd get a tasting flight to maximize our exposure to this new place.  A flight comes with four 2-3 oz pours of your choice and each taster is $2-5 and regular servings $5.25-9.25.  We opted for the Delirium Tremens (Belgian Golden), Hofbrau Dunkel (dark lager), Long Trail Double Bag (strong ale) and Rogue Shakespeare Stout Nitro (an Oregon stout).  My favorite was the Dunkel and The Vegetarian's pick was the Belgian, but the best part of whether they were "good or not" was the Arlington DB trying to hit on us and sound smart about beer in general without even knowing what we were drinking or what kind of beers we prefer.  Way to go buddy, you made it quite evident that I know more about beer than you do.  We departed after our flight since we had dinner plans at Bangkok 54, but WoB does offer bar type food, including a pretzel which smelled pretty good.Overall a nice venue with plenty of TVs, bright lighting for a bar and outdoor seating.  If you're in NoVA and want lots of beer options, this is a good place to go, but I'll still go into DC to go to ChurchKey any day of the week.  Still, a valient effort for the first of its kind (at least to this degree) in NoVA and not a bad start to The Vegetarian's latest east coast trip.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,9/23/2012,84,1122,2,4,3>This is a MUST try restaurant in Warrenton.I've driven by this place several times with no idea what sort of surprise was awaiting inside.A real GEM in beautfiul downtown Warrenton, Va.I was there for lunch on a weekday and was greeted by the delightfully friendly and bubbly April. She told me she's worked there for two years.She certainly knew her craft well. She walked me thru the menu and several lunch specials.I opted for the swordfish special, grilled and served on a bed of couscous mixed with spinach...it was fantastic!I learned they have three levels. In the basement they have what's called the Chefs table which is a privates dining room which can be reserved. The also have another full bar.On the upper level they have another dining room with an outside pato...very nice!A very impressive wine list with many local vineyards represented.They also have an interesting spin on wine tasting. Up stairs they have an Enomatic Wine Tasting machine. You purchase a card with any value, insert into the machine and dispense one, three or six ounce pours from the wine bottle of your choice.I will def return for lunch and dinner opportunities!Yes, they have FREE wi-fi.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,6/15/2014,39,258,3,6,4>YummmmmSo since i can walk here from my apartment, they are already a 2 in my book.The ambiance is really interesting- one side is a bar, and one is a nice little dining room with a huge cozy and warm real fireplace.  I will say, in the dining room you can't really hear the bar crowd which is very good in my opinion.For Old Town the prices are super super fair, and we had 2 entrees, 1 appetizer, 1 coke, and a hard cider for $40 bucks.Server was prompt, and professional.The only thing that was a little awkward, was when we walked into the dining room there was no one to greet us and it was a little weird for me trying to figure out what to do.The hummus was YUMMMMMMy, and so were the sliders I had!  Boyfriend loved his brisket sammie and the hard cider selection was great.Love this place I'll definitely be back.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2013,6/14/2014,980,560,3,12,8>Cute, charming, cozy, and quaint are the words I would use to describe the decor of Sisters Thai.  The antique, vintage living room/library setup is extremely unique.  As for the food, I thought it was above average... but being the half Thai person I am, I'm extremely picky when it comes to Thai food.  I wish my parents taught me how to read Thai when I was younger because there seemed to be a "special menu" on the wall written in Thai.  Next time, I'll bring my mom to decipher it.The boyfriend and I ordered the wonton crisps to start, and kua gai noodles (literally translates to "squid" and "chicken"), and massamun curry as our entrees.  Everything was deliciously prepared, but lacked the authenticity... but my boyfriend enjoyed it (and Asian food is his last resort for food)!  Service was friendly, the food was quickly served, the prices were reasonable, and the portions were just right.  We were so full so I wasn't able to try any of their desserts listed on the board (boo!) but I liked the extensive dessert menu!The restaurant is located off University Boulevard in Fairfax City and is easy to miss if you don't pay attention to their sign.  There's limited street parking and as well as a free parking lot located across the street.  If you love Asian food, especially Thai food, Sisters Thai is definitely a must try in the NOVA area.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,6/13/2014,132,354,3,7,3>I've been to most of the Honey Pig establishments around DC area, and this was the latest one I've tried. We came here on Saturday night around 7pm and there was about three groups before us. It took about twenty minutes to get seated. Note, that the waiting area is very small so if you have a large group and its cold outside, your personal space might get violated. I know we ordered three pork belly and two Kalbi for the five of us and it was enough food. The waitress and staff were nice to us but maybe only because someone at our table spoke Korean... but I've noticed the service can be different if you only speak English, my opinion though. At this location they were very attentive, and I felt like there was someone at our table the whole time cooking our food. This place gets really packed and I suggest you come early or make reservation (not sure if they let you), if you have to wait, there is a really cool Korean bakery down the strip. The food was amazing and fresh and I love their Korean steamed eggs. YUMMY.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,6/12/2014,167,141,6,11,7>When we arrived the wait was 55 minutes for two people.  Shout out to the staff for gettig us seated in 30!  5 stars because I literally do not have one single complaint about my experience here.  This was my first time going and the first impression certainly made a lasting impression.   The service here is stellar.   We had an amazing waitress (I think her name was Andrea).   But whenever she was off taking care of other tables, her peers had her back.   At least 4 different waiters dropped by to make sure we were good on refills and whatever else we needed! A++ customer service!!!The little complimentary rolls they serve here are dangerous - in a good way :-/  It's like a little piece of heaven in the form of a tiny bread ball.   I think bread is the devil - but on this night, it appeared rather angelic!  Very delicious!  Be sure to slather some of that butter on it...you won't be sorry. We didn't get an appetizer (thanks to the little bread balls).  The main course came out pretty quick considering the massive number of patrons who were dining here.   I ordered the roasted half young chicken with a side of brussel sprouts and my husband ordered the jambalaya pasta.   Everything was pure perfection!  The chicken tasted like it had JUST come off of the grill - Super moist and bursting with flavor.  The brussel sprouts were cute in half with a nice char on one side; the perfect blend of tenderness and slight crunchiness; sprinkled with cheese and accompanied by an amazing garlic type sauce.   ZERO complaints about this dish.   My husband rather enjoyed the jambalaya pasta.   He said it had the perfect amount of "kick" (spice) & was perfectly seasoned.For dessert, my husband ordered key lime pie  "to go" so the jury is still out on that.   However, I ordered the flourless, chocolate waffle and I am NOT sorry that I did.   It almost put me in the mind of a molten lava cake disguised as a waffle because of the warm, chocolate ganache on the inside.   Yet another tiny bit of heaven on a platter!  It's served with ice cream that is drizzled with caramel with a star made out of chocolate in the center!  DELICIOUS!!!!!TIP:Looks like it's best to call ahead if going here on a Saturday night.   The folks who did that were seated almost immediately while us "walk-ins" had to wait. ENJOY!!!!
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2013,6/11/2014,453,107,8,12,8>I've been coming here for over 1.5 years and I love this studio because: 1) Proximity - Its close to my house 2.5 miles away2) Cleanliness - Bathroom and Studio3) Class Times - 6am classes and 8pm during the week except Friday4) Towel Service - $60 for 6 mos5) Instructors - Friendly, observant and always willing to help you6) Mint Cold Towel - After 1.5 hours you get a cold towel after you say namaste.  Sometimes the room isn't as hot as I would like it, but they get it right 80% of the time:)  Come join me in this hot 105 degree paradise.  You will feel lighter and refreshed afterwards.  Plus, I believe its the fountain of youth giving you that glow that so many people wish they had:)
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,6/10/2014,195,115,5,8,7>So I am half Irish and half German, love beer and great food... Pubs are any Irishman's friend and I think this place covers it all!! I had to flip a quarter just to decide what to eat, but I had the sausage roll appetizers to get the ball rolling. They were moist, warm, a delicious honey mustard to dip in, the breading was nice and flakey, buttery... All around yummy!!! For my beer... I sampled the new Newcastle Cabbie... Yummo!! Maltie goodness!!! But I had to go with the Killkenny Irish Cream Ale... One of the best cream ales I have ever had! And although I didn't try it, it is the only pub that has the KCCO beer... For my meal... Nothing but a delish Irish Guinness Stew for me with creamed mashed potatoes!! It was warm, hearty, and made me all happy inside!!!So... I look forward to trying everything on the menu... I loved the feel of the place, staff was great, and the owner/manager?? Is from Dublin so that's as real as it gets!!! So enjoy and get your Irish on!!
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2014,6/9/2014,52,101,5,10,7>I've been here about 5 times so far.To be honest, it's hard for me to cough up $40+ to share a hot tub with strangers while naked. But I basically come here when I'm desperate for alone time/destressing, or my roommate is being obnoxiously loud and I just want some peace and quiet.I definitely enjoy coming here by myself far more than when I'm with other people (like most things), because I can plan my trip however I want. I've come here both in the morning and in the evening. It's really interesting, because younger people will get there later (around 9/10pmish) and older people will arrive early in the morning. I guess that's to be expected.The pool area is super clean. The main complaint I have is that several of the water jets don't work in the main large pool. It's kind of annoying, but I spend more time just dwelling in the smaller hot tubs anyway.If you try to sleep here, I would definitely recommend earplugs. I only slept here once, and kept waking up from these younger groups of people having loud conversations around midnight (hey, I need my beauty sleep) right next to me on the couches.The food isn't the most amazing, but is still really good and you get a huge portion. Come hungry. As others have said, the boba tea isn't really worth it here.I like Spa World because it's the perfect amount of pampering for me - you don't have to get a massage (I normally don't), so it's more of a meditative escape for me. I just try to think about nothing as much as possible and it's beautiful.Will continue coming here, because it's the easiest place for me to relax and take a mini-vacation.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,6/8/2014,103,208,5,6,5>Walked in on a random whim... not really expecting much from a small bakeshop...however I was pleasantly surprised. So many baked goods...I decided to compose myself before I over did it with the sweets. After looking at the many selections I narrowed it down to 2. The Salted Oats and Apricot and the Blueberry Oatmeal cookie.... lucky for me the person I chose to ask happened to be the owner I believe.. he said his favorite was blueberry oatmeal and that the salted oats was more of a natural oat flavor vs. a cinnamon spice that your used to with an oatmeal raisin cookie w/o the raisins. After  careful debate I decided on both and he was nice enough to give me a gingersnap cookie for the next day.OMG COOKIES...1.75 for a huge round piece of  oat deliciousness... seriously the  salted oats and apricot should just put all oat cookies to shame its so different and the salt really brings out the oats and there is a nice apricot fruit finish to complement the salt. It was so amazing I gave my best friend one bite and she had to go get her own cookie... Blueberry Oatmeal-Probably the most genius Idea that someone should've thought of earlier I mean seriously if blueberry is in your hot oatmeal why not put them in your cookies?There are so many selections here I find it hard to believe you wouldn't find something amazing to try..Overall: Customer service was awesome everyone is so friendly and helpful and just down to earth. I'll definitely be returning for a chipwich for a macaroni or a slice of pie oh and perhaps a cupcake, Either way if your around the area stop by the bakeshop its worth the trek.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,6/7/2014,43,199,4,11,6>You can't just drive up to the Budget Blinds address and expect to look at blinds. Their address is the business address, not a showroom.  Budget Blinds sends a rep to your house to show you samples and measure your windows, therefore, they don't need a storefront.  It makes sense anyway because you need to see the colors of sample blinds/shades against your walls and trim. You think your trim is white?  Maybe not.  Hold up a sample of white shades and you can see you might be way off!     The fiance and I used Budget Blinds a year ago to cover all our bare windows in our new house.  Wayne, the owner came over and went over all sorts of options.  We used roman blinds on our patio doors, honeycomb shades in our sunroom, shutters in a few rooms, then wood blinds throughout the rest of the house. That may seem like a lot of different styles, but they really fit each individual room and we've been super happy with our choices a year later.  We had another lady come by first when we were looking at blinds and she suggested we get all the same blinds throughout the house so it would look uniform from the outside.  Wayne was great because he pointed out that you're in your house 95% of the time you're looking at your blinds...so get what you want and don't worry about what they look like from the street!  One of the things with the houses out here in Loudoun County, is that so many have these 2nd story windows in the front foyer of the house. And you can't reach that window. Ever. That means any peeper, neighbor, or random solicitor walking up to your house can get a full view if you want to streak across your upstairs hallway in the nude. The fiance and I disagreed a year ago if a covering was needed for that window. I, of course, wanted a blind on that window. He argued there aren't any peepers in the neighborhood. Well, after continuing to be creeped out for a year leaving the window bare, I called Budget Blinds again.  Wayne came by and suggested I get a motorized blind for the peeper window. That way we could raise and lower the blind with a remote control. The blinds should arrive in a few weeks, and I'll feel so much more comfortable that strangers on the street won't get a full view into the 2nd story hallway of our house.  Give Budget Blinds a try if you need window treatments. They aren't the cheapest, they aren't the most expensive, but a good middle ground with plenty of expertise where you see a full spectrum of choices.  You get what you pay for, so if you want the cheapest, be prepared for what you get.  --see my review on Blind and Shutter Solutions for a good example of what the cheapest brings you. I recommend Budget Blinds for anyone looking for quality blinds and great service!
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,6/6/2014,1083,1164,6,13,7>We came here for romantic date night, and had a lovely time. We didn't realize it was restaurant week until we sat down, and were a little bummed we didn't have the option of choosing from their whole menu. But, it was still a pretty good dining experience. So first let me say that Trummer's on Main is listed as a "dressy" restaurant on Yelp. It's not. I mean, don't wear jeans and sneakers (even though I did see this at the bar), but you will be overdressed if you wear a cocktail dress and stilettos. Boyfriend suggested a wardrobe modification before we left, and he was right. When you walk into the restaurant, the bar area is like a noisy Irish sports bar. However, once you go upstairs to the dining room, it is quiet, dark and romantic. The food was actually quite good. Nothing new or modern here, just good fine dining. We shared the sweetbreads to start, and they were pretty fantastic. We both had the beet and tuna tartare, followed by the salmon (loved the warm pickled cucumbers!). None of the desserts seemed appetizing. However, since we were having the prixe fixe menu, Bill had the chocolate custard and I went with the apricot financier. Both were disappointing. The financier tasted like something i could have made at home out of a box. Service was lovely. Extensive wine list.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2012,11/2/2012,66,170,,4,4>How adorable is this?  Occoquan has always been one of my favorite places to hang out, and they seem to get a little better each year.  With the addition of Cock and Bowl, they have almost reached Carmel-like status (almost...it would be very tough to beat that quaint California village).  The kitchen and tiny indoor restaurant operate out of one of Occoquan's historic buildings, with an alleyway over to their outdoor seating area.  Servers must get quite a workout running from the building to the outdoor seating and back again to the kitchen.  Most of them are young, energetic guys however, and they don't seem to have any trouble keeping up.  The little square patio holds about eight or nine tables, so seating can be very limited if you go at peak time.  My lack of a fifth star comes from when the hostess simply said to us, "We're full and the kitchen is slammed."  Um, okay, so how long is the wait?  Her tone seemed to say go away, come back again another day, which I found a bit unprofessional.  But we stood our ground and were told a table "might open up in 20 minutes."  We waited at a nearby bench and were rewarded with a table in about 10 minutes.  I would say don't go during a peak meal time or during the upcoming Occoquan Arts & Craft Festival, unless you're prepared for a long wait.  All in all, I loved this little bistro and enjoyed the atmosphere as well as the food.  Hubby and I shared a Turtle Belgian Waffle (chocolate and caramel) which was absolutely heavenly.  The big thing here are the mussels, apparently, and the Belgian beers.  They have an extensive list of beers, which I will definitely try next time.  This visit was simply to have coffee and dessert after having dinner at Madigan's Waterfront Grill across the road.  Our server was very attentive and service in general was very good.  I'll be coming back for the Shrimp Croquettes and a Belgian Ale next time!
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,11/1/2012,229,399,5,7,6>Attention: Hole-In-The-Wall Lovers - - You want to be here.Why? Because their Tres Leches is out of this freaking world. You don't just tell yourself you're only going to take a bite and save it for later. Oh, no. You will engulf that sweet square of milk soaked perfection right then and there. You will be licking the container and paper wrapper (hey, don't judge! Everyone has a bit of fat kid in them!) It's spongy, served cold, and topped with a perfect little maraschino cherry. Shall I go on? I think I will. It's so good that, I, who avoids eating more than a bite of any type of sweet had to actually talk myself out of going there every time I would drive by. Then, one day, I caved. I caved and justified the purchase of their cake by ordering their grilled chicken breast with a salad - which was pretty decent for the price. So their tres leches is a must, but check out the many other cakes and sweet snacks they have to offer, too!It's a small place (but not cramped) in the back of Springfield Plaza. Decent prices and Latin American eats!
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,10/31/2012,100,447,6,5,2>Quick update:  Though i usually get the items NOT from the pizza menu, last night we said hell with it and got a "Get 'em to the Greek" pizza (think gyro pizza) and "Tropic Thunder" pizza (meats, pineapple).  Thin crust.They've changed their dough recipe.  It's more elastic and chewy, not dense and bready anymore.  It was like a mix between a pan crust and Neopolitan style.  The seasoning was perfect, and the sauce level was just right - issues I've had in the past with their pizza.  I was actually impressed.  We kept saying to each other, "This is the best pizza I've had here."  I can go further and say it's the best pizza I've had in Del Ray.  I have a pizza weakness, and this is now dangerous because it's just down the street...especially considering we're regulars already.They're also finished with being punished by the Del Ray Mafia, and there is outdoor seating again.  I love that the customers are mostly our neighbors.  [soapbox] Who, incidentally, don't drive there or need parking.  Unlike a certain establishment that sells frozen treats down the street that brings in tons of people in cars from outside the neighborhood that spill out onto the sidewalk and up/down the block and in the park because there isn't enough seating.  But hey, they don't need to make more parking available.  Yeah, loopholes...  No offense to the establishment, as their Door County sour cherry sundaes are to die for. [/soapbox]
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2012,10/30/2012,47,107,5,9,6>I want to say I'm a fan of Korean food but my experiences have been limited to Korean BBQ and Bonchon, so when a friend of mine told me to meet him at this place, I was curious to see what it offered. Everyone at our table ordered the very first dish on the menu: D1: Hwe Dup Bab. I figured if four Koreans ordered that dish, it must be pretty good here so I followed suit.Hwe Dup Bap is like... Sashimi with in a bowl of rice with a lot of salad on top. The bowl that you're presented with is as big as any bowl of pho I've ever seen. Possibly bigger. Most of the volume is from the salad though. In the bowl you'll get a serving of rice, shredded lettuce, handful of sashimi (mostly salmon and what I suspect to be white tuna), shredded radish/seaweed, like a heaping teaspoonful of fish eggs, and sesame seeds sprinkled all over it. On your table there will be a bottle of sauce that you're supposed to use liberally before you mix it all together. The sauce has a strong sesame taste to it and has a tiny kick to it. I liked it a lot. It's a refreshing change from what I usually get. This is quite possibly the healthiest dish I've ever eaten at a restaurant and it's freakin delicious. The salad is all green and fresh, there's enough sashimi in the dish that you won't be left eating rice and lettuce at the end if you properly mixed your bowl.The staff here are all really nice ladies. They refill your drinks before they're empty and offer you seconds on your appetizer dishes if you finish it. All the other places I've been to sometimes forget about  you after you get your order. So that's pretty nice. At the end of the meal, instead of fruit or a fortune cookie, you get a bottle of yakult. It's an odd little shot drink that is probiotic and taste a bit like a sherbert.Good food. Good service. It's a gem of a restaurant in an unassuming place.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,10/29/2012,71,99,3,5,5>Ummmmyeah....have you been to Buzz for breakfast? Because you should. Had their cappuccino for the first time and it was GOOOOOOOD.  And I am PICKY about my coffee. Great creamy foam, great flavor.  Then my husband and I split a piece of the Summer Quiche and a breakfast brioche.  SOOOOOO good. The Summer Quiche was creamy and light, the crust buttery and flaky.  The brioche was light, not too sweet, and had scrambled eggs *IN* it! To quote my husband, putting scrambled eggs in a brioche muffin is GENIUS. Skip the fast food breakfast-wiches and burnt coffee, and get here for delicious coffee and pastries.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2012,10/28/2012,26,84,3,7,4>I'm pretty sure everyone has run into this scenario before.  It's the weekend and you have a nice woodworking project ready to go and all you need is some nice solid wood.  You probably envisioned this project made of some serious hardwood, definitely not something you'd find in Home Depot or Lowes.  All they have is some soft wood barely hard enough to prop anything up in a proper vertical position.  So where do you go?  Only one place, Woodcraft, your best chance at finding what you need, some wood, is here.You walk in, ask the burly men here and they'll point you straight to the wood section.  You'll find any kind of wood you can dream of.  They have fat ones, skinny ones, long ones, short ones, Mahogany, Yellow Heart, Cherry, exotic, domestic, etc.  You can even the combination of stumpy fat ones that's perfect for spinning.  Don't get me going on just the wood here, they have everything a real woodworker could ever want.  Let's say you walk into the screws section and let's say you were looking for a #6-32 wood insert nut, you'll get it there for sure.  Then in the off chance you need a V cut dremel tool to carve out that hard wood, they got it plus more.If your hands were blessed with the divine ointment of the gods to work wood and you want to learn, this is the place to go.  They offer classes for all level woodworking and ages.  If working with wood is your thing, this is the place to get a helping hand.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2012,10/27/2012,234,142,2,4,5>Paradise Spring Winery offers an excellent variety of wines that are delicious and surprisingly potent!I've gone more times than I can count: picnics, girls days, birthdays, dates, and more recently, hosted my sister's engagement party here!Paradise Springs has never failed to impress, the staff is always courteous and helpful and the location is absolutely beautiful. You have the choice of sitting indoors at their stone patio, their cedar wine room, or outside on a beautiful day. I love having the option of bringing your own food, because you can grab a bottle of wine or their delicious sangria and make yourself your own little picnic :)I love how close this place is. At paradise springs, you feel like you are tucked away in the far away country side, when in reality, you are simply only about 30 minutes from D.C.I would highly recommend PSW for any event, party, day out, or date!
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,10/26/2012,30,128,4,5,5>The guys from Passion Hospitality get it...seriously get it. First, their generosity of food and beverage for the pre-opening was beyond gracious. They may not let me back...I grazed at the ceviche and  fresh guacamole and chips station more times than is normal. Learned that their Executive Chef Alfredo is from Mexico City and knows more than a little about authenticity. Cold Pacifico and Veramonte SB - there were some great looking margaritas too but I really am training for the Chicago marathon so I needed to cut back somewhere.The space is warm, the fireplace on the upper level is great. Two versions of salsa came with the chips.  True test...salsa...just like Bloody Mary mix..it has to be perfect. Yes, I had three bowls of salsa (they aren't huge bowls but they are generous for good dipping).The owners were greeting everyone and checking on the service for the guests. I really was impressed with the Empanadas de vegetales and the camarones a la diabla - some great heat there and the grilled pineapple was perfect! Glad I wore a loose fitting blouse because I ate enough for three people I will definitely be a regular. OH!! This is a restaurant where you can actually hear the person across from you as well as see them. Some restaurants that have recently opened in our wonderful area are so dark, cavernous and loud, you leave with a headache and a lot less $$ in your wallet- Fuego...reasonable prices. Like I said, they just get it.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,10/25/2012,273,378,1,11,5>Loving Hut still gets five stars from me. So why the need for an update? New menu items! I highly, highly recommend the Mi Quang, a Vietnamese noodle soup that originated in central Vietnam. This wonderful soup is less common than some of the others that lovers of Vietnamese food have probably encountered. It is a traditionally yellow noodle soup, served in a rich, shallow, porky broth with pork belly, shrimp, tomatoes and crackers. Giving up meat wasn't too bad, but I missed Mi Quang a lot. Luckily for me, i now have a very satisfying alternative. It's all here--"shrimp" and "pork." The broth wasn't as shallow as I'm used too, but a rainy day demands lots of broth for slurping. Plus, with the broth being so good, it's not a bad thing at all. I slurped and slurped away so happily on that gloomy Sunday. I was feeling pretty left out when people bragged about their amazing pho after a night of too much drinking. Now, I have Mi Quang and tons of other options for curing my hangover. In addition to being so delicious, the soup also had restorative properties.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,10/24/2012,1856,123,6,15,7>Even though I added this establishment to Yelp before they opened, it looks like I missed opening day. :-(Regardless, I have finally made it here and Sugar Palm represents the Land of Smiles very well.  It is refreshing to find a wait staff that is not only attentive but also smiling genuinely throughout the visit.  The manager (also smiling and genuinely friendly) came around to check to make sure everything was up to par mid-meal.  How do customers react to all these smiles?  With smiles of their own after tasting their dish of choice. While a little small compared to other Thai venues in the area, it may be just the right size for the location.   The decor is clean and modern with subtle touches of mango and avocado hues that express their offering's nation of origin.While not exceptionally busy, there was not an empty seat at the fully stocked bar.  A large TV is the focal point at the center of the bar, so I can imagine it would be a great spot to catch a game with a few friends.After a stressful day, I started with a well-balanced mixed drink.  Kudos to the mixologist as it was spot on.  After a few minutes my appetizer appeared - a picture perfect plate of Pork Satay.  Only moments after finishing my Satay, a large bowl of steaming hot Chicken Pad See Ew was presented to me...again with a smile.  For Thai, Pad See Ew is my go-to plate for a first visit.  It is not the most complex dish, but it is easy to get it wrong.  At Sugar Palm it was served hot with plenty of meat, not dry or rubbery and the broccoli was crunchy but sliced thin, complimenting not overpowering the noodles.  All in all a perfect 10 for the appetizer and main course.  The Mango with Sticky Rice cranked it up to 11 ;-) I will absolutely return to Sugar Palm!
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,1/24/2014,45,164,4,5,4>Stopped by Lost Rhino on a whim today and had a great time! Been wanting to try this place for a while but I'm generally just not out in Ashburn. Happened to be in the area today and spotted a sign for Lost Rhino...my plan to go wine tasting quickly turned to a plan to visit Lost Rhino!Finding the place was a little bit of a challenge - definitely passed by it and had to make a U-turn. Seems there's a sign if you're coming fro the other direction but not the direction we normally came from. No biggie, but Lost Rhino, if you read this, a sign on both sides of the road would be very helpful. We arrived not knowing what to expect. Pretty cool atmosphere - the beers on draft up on a huge chalkboard, a smattering of tall tables and lots of picnic-style bench seating. Since it was our first time there, hubby and I decided to do a sample flight. I liked that we could customize it if you didn't like something they were offering on the featured flight...in our case, we're not huge IPA fans so we swapped out the IPA and pale ale for a summer ale and an amber lager. Out of the sampler, my favorite was the amber lager (Steam Punk) and my husband liked the altbier (It's Not My Falt). Each beer was extremely fresh and you can tell that they use all high-quality ingredients. We also ordered a bavarian pretzel - it was ENORMOUS and came with delicious stoneground mustard. I liked that it wasn't too salty or greasy.Unfortunately, they were out of the RhinO'Fest - their marzen amber lager seasonal. Just gives me a good excuse to go back.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2013,1/23/2014,105,135,,5,4>If I wasn't such a coffee snob, this place would surely be awarded the big five! 25 30 has unassumingly managed to create a perfect ambiance that screams suspended in time. It's the combination of a vintage red brick building across the way and the roar of the Fredricksburg train line as I look out at the station, that sets me back to days when caffe latte was a word found only in Italian dictionaries and drip was the everyday caffeine dose. Thankfully for fellow coffee lovers,  they honor the bean here and don't serve drip coffee after 9:00. After that, it's all about the pour over and espresso drinks. my soy latte was creamy and smooth and definitely worlds better than anything else local! 25 30 scores four stars rather than five because my standard for coffee is unreasonably high, but hey, at least I set high standards! It's also a star down because the inside ambiance simply doesn't match the amazing organic asthetic that is this old town industrial area. It's cozy and quaint, but there's definitely a disconnect between the inside decor and the stunning red brick across the road.My favorite coffee shop in Freddie and definitely worth the walk from the main Freddieberg drag!
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/4/2013,1/22/2014,168,231,1,7,3>I really liked the taste of Swagath. The food is honestly way spicier than I expected. I have eaten many Indian dishes in my day, but my mouth was on fire so badly that a chai tea had to be ordered. I did love how my chai was flavored with fresh ginger, though. Mmmm.The food all tasted quite fresh and delicious. The garlic naan stood out as some of the best naan I have ever had. I think we came at a weird time because all the sodas were out since it was the first day of Diwali. Also, I thought that there was a dinner buffet, but it turned out better that we could just order from the menu since we had to take doggie bags anyway! If you're not afraid to take the spice, try this place out!
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,1/21/2014,2,37,4,11,7>As a frequent visitor of Maple Ave, could not be happier for the team to bring Water & Wall to Arlington. The space is nicely designed with clearly a lot of thought into the decor. It made for a very comfortable, enjoyable setting. The front of house staff is still rounding out, but they were attentive and very friendly. Of course the main attraction was the food!  Our table went all in on appetizers, ordering the shrimp and grits, chicken wings, pork belly, mussels, and bone marrow. They were all done with great precisions - not a bad bite in the bunch. I will say the chicken wings and pork belly seemed to go the fastest.For the mains it was hanger steak and beef cheek. The hanger steak was fantastic, perfectly cooked, and a bit of heat in the churri really added a great element.  The beef cheek was a well-constructed dish; the beef cheek was so tender and flavorful, pairing perfectly with the sweet potato - elevated comfort food. For desert it was straight from the fryer beignets dusted with cinnamon and sugar. Such a delightful way to finish wonderful meal.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,1/20/2014,190,502,4,8,4>I don't know a thing about olive oil and balsamic vinegar, turns out this is the perfect place for both pros and people like me. Huge spectrum of flavors that will blow your mind. Suddenly olive oil isn't just olive oil anymore! The store is family run and they are all very enthusiastic and knowledgeable about their product.If you are curious about olive oil and balsamic vinegar, they will open your mind to what is out there by encouraging you to sample everything in the store. It will soon become clear that some will appeal more to you than others, and sadly there is no turning back once you've made this discovery.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,1/19/2014,589,308,11,16,12>I cheated. After seven years of being faithful to my nail tech, Tammy, I cheated. All I can hope for at this point is a second chance, but I must admit the experience was oh so worth it! For starters, I called Hollywood Nails 30 minutes after closing for an immediate appointment. With a smile, the receptionist said they would wait for me until I arrived. I was so excited that I sped up driving and  didn't stop at any stop signs until I was there! Seriously.I was so eager for a pedicure that I just hopped in the chair and forgot to pick out a nail polish color. The nail tech calmed me down by saying they were not in a rush and I could take my time. At this point, they already had 5 stars from me so I was flattered.I was offered magazines and when I politely declined, she just turned on the chair massager and did her magic...in silence. Just the way I like it. Quiet! No need for small talk. Concentrate on my feet!But here is the kicker, they have a sign posted in the back for the employees that read "Speak English, Ladies"How very considerate! I gave into temptation, cheated, and...I liked it. Very much!!
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,1/18/2014,62,87,,10,2>Very quick process. I called Sunday morning to see if i could schedule an appointment. The women on the phone offered for me to come in, in the next 15 minutes. Sweet!I get there it is very busy and buzzing. The women i spoke to on the phone greeted me and said it will be a few more minutes before she finishes up. Gave me a style book to go through in case i wanted a certain style. That was very nice of her. I however just wanted a trim.She washed my hair, cut my hair about an inch. I did specify i was trying to grow my hair and just wanted my ends cut off. She did a very good job in respecting my request. You can hardly notice that i got a cut, but my hair does look much healthier.I approve for a 16 dollar wash and cut.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,1/17/2014,41,320,4,10,6>Since I don't do karaoke unless I've consumed a significant amount of cocktails...and I didn't drink anything that night...I can write this review completely objectively. Dain is a great karaoke place...various sized rooms to fit your crowd. They soundproofed the hell out of the rooms so you surprisingly can't hear the peeps next to you belting out Bohemian Rhapsody (oh wait, that was us). The servers are responsive and nice. They have a huge book of songs but the only downer is only a small portion of it is in English. And that section is organized by song name and there's no section organized by singer/band...so you have to do a lot of Googleing since I can't remember song names to save my life. Good times...probably would have given it 5-stars if I'd been drinking.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,1/16/2014,459,643,4,7,6>I came back last night with a gal pal of mine.  She ordered the #1 pho and I wanted to try the Bon Bu Hue everyone on Yelp has been talking about.  OMG LOVE!  Spicy beef soup was delicious- not too spicy (but I love spicy), lots of different cuts of beef (beef bones, beef, liver, tendon, hamhock, cha, etc.), noodles thicker and rounder than pho noodles were cooked perfectly, lemongrass and lots of bean sprouts and cabbage and basil.  So flavorful.  Gal pal enjoyed her #1 pho and commented how it was pretty good compared to pho 75. I've always ordered some kind of noodle soup (not pho) and have yet to be disappointed.  Staff was also helpful and courteous which is nice when you are on an adventure in a foreign land.  Great dishes, huge portions for under $10...in love.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,1/15/2014,65,280,2,8,3>Zeitoon is a GEM!!!  Tucked away in a hidden strip mall on Cascades parkway, this wonderful family-ran joint serves up some of the best Med food I've had stateside.   The lady running this place is awesome.  We only tried their Mediterranean dishes, did not try the pizza but may do so next time.  We stopped by here after a family workout at Claude Moore, so we were all very hungry and ready for something new.  Upon entry, we took our time scanning the menu and settled on a variety of dishes to share.  The service was fine - keep in mind this is a family run joint, be a little flexible there.   It's fine - it's great food, take it easy.  The order consisted of a Hummus plate, the Bruschetta, the Zaalouk, followed up with a chicken kebab plate and the Peri Peri Chicken (Cornish hen).   By the end, we were very satisfied, had no problems, no misfires at all, this place is really good.   The hummus was nothing adventurous, had plenty of EVOO, the pita was fresh - oh so good.  The Bruschetta had plenty of feta, which is my favorite part of the dish.  The tomato filling on top was tasty and well balanced with vinegar.  Well executed.  The only better I've had is at Blue Ridge and an Italian place in Seattle that used buffalo mozzarella....but that's for another review.The Zaalouk was interesting, not my favorite dish here but I could tell it was well executed - simply outside of my taste preferences.  If you're into eggplant, got for it, for me I only enjoy eggplant in raw or crispy form, so it was just a bad choice on my part.  The Cornish hen was very well spiced, well executed; I just forgot how small this was.  No good for sharing as you really have to work on it just to get some meat off.  The accompanying rice and veggies were very good as well, almost worthwhile as a veggie dish unto itself. The chicken kabob?  Perfectly cooked.  This gal running the joint knows what she's doing.  I would guess she is a Mom of boys and knows how to cook for a crowd.  We will be back here again and again - absolutely love this place.  I am no Med expert - the best food I've had was over there - but of the 10-12 Med places I've tried, this is at the top.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2012,10/13/2012,43,386,,6,4>There are several things that I really liked about Galaxy Hut. 1. The artwork.  I could definitely see myself purchasing some of that artwork and decorating a room with it.  2. The scene.  I went to see a friend's band play, and I liked how intimate the venue was.  You really felt like you were participating in the fun of the band, and that you were part of a local community music scene.  It's a rare feat to feel that way in the DC area.  3. The people.  I thought this would be a hipster paradise, but it's DC of course.  So, it brought a really eclectic crowd of all sorts of backgrounds, types, ages, styles, etc..  I liked that it was diverse, and that you didn't have to be pigeonholed into anything to enjoy your experience there. The only negative is that there isn't much seating, it's a very tiny place.  So, the same thing that makes it very intimate can also e construed as very crowded at times.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,10/12/2012,232,240,2,8,7>You know you're in the right place for authentic Asian fare, when you are one of only two white people in the restaurant (the other white person being the one your with). Pulling into a restaurant's parking lot on a Wednesday afternoon, and having a hard time finding a place to park is also another great sign that you're in for a treat.Yechon is a very unassuming little restaurant close to the Annandale campus of Northern Virginia Community College (best community college in Virginia and their best campus if you ask me!). It's menu is large and the favors that it offers are even larger. Come here, and you are sure to be pleased...Daengu Maeuntag: 5 stars. I can't even pronounce the name of this dish, but I can tell you that it's super yummy. The eight or so little mix-in's that come with it are truly what makes it. The seaweed was amazing and the rice was perfectly cooked. Also, the green tea drink that came out after the meal in a rocks glass is not something you'll want to pass up. It might have actually been the best thing about the meal.Must try!!
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,10/11/2012,369,639,5,7,4>Best Bikram by far! This is the forth Bikram place I have tried in the WDC area. Dupont Bikram was pretty good but the space was old and odd. Rockville Bikram was good but not very hot, Bethesda Bikram had some issues because it was new but Reston Bikram has it down pat. Got a 30 day membership through one of those coupon sites. I went less than I planned to go but enough times to realize they have the temp set just right. They also give you a cold lavender soaked towel at the end of the session. Love it! Great post-run for stretching and loosening tight, sore muscles. It takes some getting used to the heat for sure, I have found the later in the day the hotter the room gets.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2012,10/10/2012,39,77,2,17,4>I just tried their wash and fold service at $0.75/pound.  I came in on a Sunday afternoon around 3:30p with 31 lbs of laundry.  I prepaid my $23.50 in cash.  I received a phone call less than 4 hours later stating that all of my laundry was done!  Everything was perfectly folded and smelling fresh.  And as far as I can tell, nothing's shrunk!Only reason I'm taking off a star is they measured the weight of my laundry while it was in my kinda heavy plastic hamper.  If they had a system for measuring my laundry without the hamper, I probably could have saved a few pounds (and dollars) if I put my laundry in trash bags first.Also, it would be nice if they took credit cards, but I guess that's fairly uncommon for many of the laundromats around here.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2012,10/9/2012,80,143,9,9,7>You would be jealous of my wood floor. It's pretty glorious.I have an adjoining dining room that it needed to match seamlessly. It matches. Seamlessly.I should write a 5 star review right? Mkay well...yes the end result is dreamy however, I confess after the floor was laid and finished i had a bit of a melt down because the color did NOT match. AT ALL. It was...pink.My nerves already frazzled in the middle of a kitchen remodel, I immediately snapped about 37 pictures and send them to Dominion floors with my concerns. I got no response. None.The next morning I went down to check out my pink kitchen...and well...it wasn't pink anymore. It was....perfect. So naturally I went back and sheepishly emailed Dominion Floors saying I was sorry and it looks really great now...Again, no response. So I'm sorry (again) but yeah, I'm taking a star for that. Otherwise, I heart you.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2012,10/8/2012,162,152,3,7,4>This place definitely exceeded my expectations! My friend and I were making a trip to Babies R Us, and she suggested we go to Bamian for lunch afterwards. She had been once before, and really enjoyed it. As we approached the restaurant, I was thinking to myself that it must be a hole in the wall type of place. It turns out, that I couldn't have been more wrong lol. The place was very elegant inside. My friend said that it is used a lot for receptions. The hostess sat us at a table in one of the little private rooms off to the side. This would be great for business lunches or if you want an intimate meal.For entrees, we both got the Vegetarian platter which comes with baunjan (stir-fried eggplant), subzi (stir-fried spinach), and kadu (sauteed pumpkin). I got the platter that came with the rice. All three veggies were seasoned well and delicious! I really can't decided which one I liked best. The eggplant and pumpkin were topped with a yogurt sauce. I definitely could have used a bit more of it. They also gave us some sort of cilantro sauce on the side. I wasn't exactly sure what to use it on, so I tried it out with some of my friend's bread. It was pretty good. The rice was also tasty, but I think the bread goes better with the vegetarian platter.Lunch was about $16 with tax and tip. I also got a coffee from there, and it was really good! Bamian is definitely worth a try if you like Middle Eastern food.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2012,10/7/2012,706,347,4,7,12>From the outside, The Majestic looks like a diner and I could not understand why my friend wanted to get drinks at a diner. I didn't even know it was the Majestic until I looked at the top of the menu. The venue is much smaller and more unassuming than it appears in their photos. I would highly suggest sitting at the bar so you can watch the mixologists in action. They have some very interesting syrups lined up which they use in their creations. They also hand crush their ice. It looked like an exhausting endeavor. The drinks were all very pretty. I especially liked the design of the mint julep. They used a small stainless steel looking cup and packed it with hand crushed ice similar to the look of a snow cone but the ice was more uniform.  They poured the cocktail over top of the ice and then gave us a small portion on the side to continually pour into the cup. My friend and I tried three cocktails. She had the mint julep which was pretty but I did not care for the taste. I asked the mixologist to make me something with St. Germaine so he added some gin and lemon and it turned out to be really refreshing and smelled divine! My friend also ordered some orange creamy drink but The Majestic does not have their cocktail menu online so I have no idea what it was but it was too dark and heavy for me. Cocktails cost approx $10 - $13.My friend also had the chicken liver mouse with toast and fruit. She didn't say much about it. Entrees run approx. $13 - $30. I would go back here on a relaxing afternoon to have some cocktails at the bar area. It was not crowded at 5:30 pm but at 6:00 or 6:30 pm the place got slammed! When we were getting out of our seats, we almost got mowed over by tourists. I noticed many people at the bar ordering either the Nana's Sunday Dinner or the Restaurant Week special. Sitting by the window would offer an opportune people watching experience.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/17/2012,10/5/2012,112,184,3,3,2>My mom and I had breakfast here on 4/14 after perusing the offerings at the Courthouse farmer's market. We arrived around 815 am and had our pick of tables (by the time we left at 9 it was filling up). We have family in Louisiana and thus my mom was quite excited about the beignets. We shared an order of beignets - hot, fluffy, sweet and each had a breakfast biscuit. I ordered the basic egg and cheese and my mom added ham to her's. I'm torn on the biscuits. I love the fact that they weren't greasy but  I would take a little bit of grease if it would make the biscuits less dry. Luckily, BB has hot pepper jelly on one of the condiment stations, which helped with the dryness. The bloody marys are served in mason jars and are quite tasty.I haven't been to BB in the evenings but it looks like they have some great specials during the week so I will need to stop in. All in all, BB is a solid breakfast place and has the best beignets I have had outside of Louisiana.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2012,10/4/2012,27,87,,11,5>A consistently good experience every time I've visited--call me a fan and regular, since it's taken me this long to write a review for it. Overall, I enjoy going for lunch because it's a delicious value, but dinner is also excellent and not meaningfully more expensive than lunch.We're always greeted enthusiastically by the host or owner, and promptly seated (as a party of 2-4). On Friday or Saturdays, you'll probably want to make a reservation if you expect to be seated right away, but the waits (especially at their bar) are never really long.The servers are generally gentlemen of a certain age who pour on the Old World charm if you gamely play along; I've observed they are not so friendly with rude or demanding guests. Ask questions, listen to their advice and say thank you--you will see a difference.No matter what I've ordered or stolen from my dining companions' plates--pretty much the entire menu, but not all at once--it's been delicious and well-executed. My favorites are:Starters - All are good but I really like the veal stuffed olives, crispy mozzarella with stewed tomatoes, steamed mussels and all the soups because each really does get your palate going and has a flavorful different twist to it than you may find elsewhere.Salads and breads - the arugula salad is nice, but I tend to skip these as they fill me up.Primi Piatti/Pasta - The Chitarra (square spaghetti with duck ragu and orange zest) or Veal Raviolini are really noteworthy for the deeply flavored sauces and texture.Secondi Piatti/Meat - Lamb osso bucco with risotto and Ciopino (seafood stew) are hands-down my favorites. Most of us can't or won't make either of these at home so at least try one of them.Dessert - All are made in-house but I always ask VERY NICELY if they have something not on the menu. One time, I scored a piece of strawberry-layered mousse cake ("Cleveland Cassata" to those of you who would know it) that was being made for a private brunch the next day. I almost fell out of my chair over it.As for portions, they're just right. How do I know? If I'm hungry, I'll finish everything. If not, I may have just one thing leftover to take home if no one else eats it. I never leave feeling gluttonous or underfed.The wine list is one of the most impressive ones I've seen outside downtown DC. Its diversity, structure and sizes (you can order by the glass, in 1/4, 1/2, 3/4 liter carafes, or by the bottle) are priced in such a clever way to allow an oenophile to try different things while no doubt helping to boost revenue. I generally know what I want with Italian food but I always ask the waiters here for their recommendations, which they are ALWAYS willing to share in an impassioned, amusing way ("dude, take it easy--it's wine"). Pricing-wise, nothing extraordinary, even with alcohol. I might venture that it's pretty modest or moderate given the cumulative elements of service, ambiance/decor and food. Definitely worth paying a visit -- for a date, cocktails with a lady or gentleman friend, business deals, classy casual group lunch or dinner with the family. On the latter, note that well-behaved children are the expected norm here--don't even attempt to bring a boisterous toddler or colicky baby because the other patrons and staff will NOT think it's cute; they will, however, stare quite judgmentally. Assaggi Osteria is what I'd describe as a place that most hearkens or appeals to an Old European niche; don't let Restaurant Week, dining coupons, their slick website or modern decor throw you off. They behave and do things a certain way for a reason, seemingly make good money and have a loyal customer base that reinforces it. If you can accept and appreciate this, you will be quite pleased.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,10/3/2012,50,340,,4,5>Oh avocado bubble tea, how I love you so! I've been here several times over my life but didn't really pay attention to it until more recently when I had to stop depending on mom to take me wherever the good stuff is and order it all for me, haha.They have an extensive selection of bubble teas and upon my last visit, I wasn't the only one craving a post-dinner treat. The ordering area can get a bit crazy. I wasn't sure who was in line and who was just waiting for their teas, so it was a little chaotic.They also offer freshly made banh mi as well as quite a selection of prepared foods. When I went recently the prepared stuff was slim pickin's but it was also the end of the day. I've been there when the entire middle counter was full of fresh deli goods, desserts, snacks, and more.This is a great place to check out as they have tons of options whatever you're in the mood for.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2013,12/15/2013,96,439,3,6,6>Chronos, I'm sorry, can you turn back time? I can't believe it has taken me this long to try the acclaimed Greek restaurant, Pan Am Family Restaurant (and Pizza!), located in the aptly named Pan Am shopping plaza off Nutley Street in Fairfax. Immediately, I was pleased with the seat-yourself, no-wait approach in a very inviting, cozy atmosphere with warm lighting and calming blues that would allow anyone to work Aphrodite's magic. We definitely noticed we were the youngest people in the place -- seems to be a hit with the seniors, many of whom were surprisingly chowing down on pizzas! The menu was an instant hit. Such a wide variety of options. It's a shame that Pan Am's website doesn't seem to work anymore because the tiny sampling of the menu available on Yelp and other sites is very incomplete. Pan Am specializes in Greek food, and they even give you a little paper place mat with a map of Greece on it. In addition to pitas, gyros, souvlaki platters and kebabs, Pan Am offers enough other options to satisfy the hunger of the armies of Ares: soups, salads (including a salad bar), pizza, seafood, steak, pasta and more!We split a spinach cheese pie, or spanakopita to most of us, which was absolutely amazeballs. Unlike most places, where it comes out in a little triangle that very possibly could've been heated up from a frozen box, you don't need the wisdom of Athena to discern that Pan Am makes these bad boys fresh. One order is huge, the pastry is fresh and warm, and the spinach and cheese inside also tastes fresh and flavorful. This is hands-down, by far the best spanakopita I have EVER had. The levels of seasonings, especially dill, are PERFECT.After the spinach cheese pie appetizer, we both had the chicken souvlaki platter. With my Herculean appetite it's VERY rare that I get a plate of food and don't know where to start eating. But this thing comes out with chicken stacked higher than Mount Olympus, atop a pita, sprinkled with fries, adjacent to a huge bed of lettuce, tomatoes, olives, cucumbers, onions, pepperoncini and feta cheese. Most places like this skimp on the salad, but there was substance here. The chicken was plump and juicy, with just that delectable little bite of chargrilled crisp and flavor to it, as though Apollo himself took it to be kissed by the sun. As far as the service goes, you won't find better than Pan Am. I considered a four-star rating for a few nitpicky things, such as how I wish more of the seafood were offered non-fried (the way Poseidon intended) or that spinach was listed as a possible pizza topping (because obviously they have it). But the staff was so friendly I just had to propel Pan Am to a five-star joint, truly worthy of living among Zeus and the gods as a titan of northern Virginia eating. Our server was always smiling, always asking what we thought of everything or if we needed anything. She was super attentive without being annoying or visiting TOO often. Drinks never even got close to being empty (which, BONUS POINTS, they have Coke products)! It did take a little longer for them to bring the check than I'd like, but they took it back so fast it didn't matter. Pan Am overall is FAST -- as though employees are issued the winged sandals of Hermes -- our appetizer took no more than five minutes, and the entrees were brought out simultaneously as the appetizer plates were being cleared.I feel ashamed that it took me so long to give Pan Am a shot. It just doesn't look like much from the outside, tucked away in a dingy strip mall reminiscent of Hades' underworld with a tiny little red-and-white sign that you're likely to miss altogether. But DO NOT pass it up, especially if you love Greek-style sandwiches and platters. I'll have to try the pizza next -- maybe those old people are on to something.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2013,12/14/2013,141,195,6,17,7>For Nana's birthday, she wanted the whole gang to join her in trying this new spot in Herndon.  After wrangling the rugrats and helping the entire family find this "in the cut" location, we gathered to scan the menu and decide on our orders. In true yelper fashion, I convinced my family members to try different sides so we/I could try different items for my review. We ended up with an eclectic mix of steak and cheese subs, fries, fried and honey glazed wings, fried fish, collards, cabbage, mac and cheese, green beans, yams, mashed potatoes, rolls, cornbread, sweet tea and lemonades.  Pros: the place definitely has a family style vibe.  It was easy for us to share our meals and not feel out of place if a little person made a noise.  Everyone was able to find something they really enjoyed and even the little ones wanted seconds :).  The portion sizes are huge and even after sharing everyone was able to take a plate to go.  They deliver so we plan on having them deliver for birthday dinners at Nana's house nearby when we just don't have time to throw down like this in our own kitchens :) The owner personally made our plates and even helped me snap my photos for Yelp :) .  My personal favorites were the honey glazed wings and the mac and cheese.  I am uber picky not only about my "soul food" but also my mac and cheese.  My Mommy makes it the best and I judge all others by how she makes it. Theirs can stand up to hers and in a pinch I will happily grab a tray to share at a potluck event.Cons: As others have mentioned, there are definitely a few kinks to be worked out.  One of the ladies behind the counter is not super friendly.  I realize you are at work, but hey, I literally just spent $100 bucks on chicken so a smile would be nice!  I also did not like that the sweet potato pie and peach cobbler (which are now on the regular menu and not just for catering),were squished into those wide bottom styrofoam cups and left on the back counter.  They should be refrigerated or placed in a display case.  I don't think it was a health code violation just my personal preference.  Folks love those desserts so a prettier presentation will definitely sell more.Neutral:  I too would love to see the styrofoam plates and plastic utensils go away.  But I get it...the initial investment in a nice set of plates while pricey will be worth it in the end, but its hard when you are first starting out.  I would also recommend not having customers who are dining in come pick up their food trays from the windows.  Someone from the counter should be able to serve your guest.  It just classes up the place a bit and will definitely earn a few tips.  The collards were also a tad salty for my taste but no one else had an issue so it was probably just me :)The new sign is now in and most of the remnants of the horrible Super Pollo place that was once here are almost gone.  There are still touches as they carry Inca Cola and rotisserie chicken that I was reassured taste much better than the recipe the other place was using.   All in all, we had a blast and the family is already looking forward to going back.  I love seeing locally owned businesses like this pop up and we will proudly be amongst their supporters!
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,12/13/2013,56,139,,7,5>A place for coffee aficionados has finally come to Fairfax! Not only is this coffee delicious, it's direct trade too! For those of you who haven't had a real pour over experience at a hipster coffee bar in New York, be prepared. This coffee takes time to brew--so plan accordingly. They haven't had a grand opening yet, but I'm really looking forward to watching this little shop fill the void of good coffee on this stretch of 29. The owner is extremely knowledgeable and passionate about coffee. There's even a rumor that they are getting a Chemex system to use with certain beans! You can see by the 7 hidden "filtered" reviews that this place has encouraged a lot of first time yelpers to sing its praises. Five stars all the way.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,12/11/2013,260,347,,8,8>Not only was my lemon bar, apple pie crisp and chocolate cookie delicious but the people who made them were incredible. The reason they opened this bakery was to provide young adults with special needs a place to work and have fun cooking. I loved the concept and knew I had to come here when Brandi K. told me about this bakery. They greeted us immediately upon entering and you just felt welcomed right away. The decor was bright and colorful. Besides the goodies, I decided on the mango black tea and they put a cool stick that had small holes around the stick where the mango tea leaves were. in my cup. Never seen anything like that before! Everything in the cases looked delicious from the different chocolates to bakery assortments. They also have smoothies, froyo, coffee and a great tea selection. Can't wait to come back here and try everything else!!
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,12/10/2013,210,261,,4,6>For our anniversary this year, my husband and I decided to check out Pearmund Cellars which came highly recommended from a few coworkers.  The winery sits on a pretty piece of land set back from the road.  The tasting room is large, and I love how its one big square as opposed to separate tasting stations.  It makes for better conversation and friend making!What impressed me the most about Pearmund was that out of all the wineries I have been to in Virginia, they not only had the largest wine selection, but also the best tasting.  I have traveled the world and have had the luxury of tasting some of the worlds finest wines.  I typically am not a Virginia wine fan so I was absolutely delighted to be so impressed. The service and the staff at Pearmund also make it very inviting.  They were all very warm, and friendly and when we told them it was our anniversary, they gave us our tastings for free.  We enjoyed our experience so much, we joined the wine club.  Which consists of a shipment of 3 bottles of wine every 4 months.  The cost is around 60 dollars per shipment, which is pretty cheap considering most of the wineries in the area are far more pricey.Our favorite wine is the Riesling, however all the wines are good and far superior to the rest I've had in the area.And what's awesome is that they allow outside food, and offer several tables for picnics etc.  We loved our experience at Pearmund and couldn't recommend it more. It is by far our favorite winery in the area! .
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/27/2013,12/9/2013,115,493,4,7,4>I've been waiting to try Taylor Gourmet for awhile and was excited that one popped up outside of the DC. Taylor Gourmet serves up Italian American style subs/hoagies. Compared to more commercial sandwich operations, like Subway, Taylor Gourmet is of a much higher caliber. However, if you compare Taylor Gourmet to other similar places, then it can be a little short of the true delivery of flavor and experience that you desire at such places. They offer a good variety of sandwiches, but it can be hard to read the menu until you get right in front of the register. The bread here is good. Crusty outside, fluffy inside and topped with sesame seeds as any good sub/hoagie roll should be. What you opt to get inside of that lovely bread, well, the experience can really vary. I opted for the Eggplant Parm and SX opted for the Roast Pork, Provolone, and Broccoli Rabe one. SX complained that his sandwich was overly salty and it was hard for him to finish it (this usually is never a problem for him). Also, he wished that they had cooked their broccoli rabe a bit more to help diffuse the strong bitterness broccoli rabe has. I thought it was fine, as it was tender, bright green, and still had some fresh crispness. The eggplant parm had a good amount of eggplant in it, but it was mostly breading and all you tasted was the breading. I also wished that there was a touch more red sauce on it. We also tried the risotto balls, basically very cheesy arancini, and they were quite rich and cheesy. We split an order amongst the two of us and we thought it was just a bit too much. I do like their pure cane sugar sodas that they offer here. Just a warning, the soda lids they have here are terrible. They don't fit very well, so just beware! I almost lost my whole soda while carrying it back to the table and another customer had spilled hers all over the service table. Overall, a decent sandwich experience, but I guess my expectations were higher based on the various reviews I've read from other Taylor Gourmets.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/29/2013,12/8/2013,55,681,7,3,3>I had heard of this place for awhile and finally tried it for lunch/brunch a couple of weeks ago. The menu changes regularly so make sure you're looking at the most recent one if you look online. I had the Philly cheesesteak which was okay but nothing amazing. The fries seemed hand made and were okay. I tried an enjoyable peach & ginger based drink which was worth a try.The service was entertaining in a macabre way. Our waiter was HUNG OVER. I don't mean like went out for a few beers last night, I mean like might have stumbled home last night and could barely stand or remember his name. Enjoyable experience but can be a bit pricey. I'd say it's worth a try but remember there are a lot of good restaurants in the area. Oh and try to keep your waiter awake!
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,12/7/2013,321,489,3,4,5>I'm not gluten-free, but fiance follows a GF diet, so I'm pretty sensitive to and particular about food labels and choices in a wheat-filled world, plus I am pretty into trying different ways of creating food. That's where The Happy Tart is so awesome as a completely gluten-free bakery - you don't even need to specify your need for GF when you come here. All you need to concern yourself with is what AMAZING pastry to select (or select several, like I did). Even for folks that have both a gluten-free as well as a dairy-free need, The Happy Tart can fulfill those wishes and needs, deliciously!I ordered a groom's cake from the Tart for my upcoming wedding, and completed the order over the phone with Emma Cech, the owner, who was patient, kind, competent, and a great listener. I was very impressed by not only the price for the cake (given its size and the typical "upcharge for special dietary needs" - not and issue here), but also the abundance of flavor choices!After ordering, I was so excited about the cake and the bakery that I drove all the way to cute little Del Ray for a visit. The shop is tucked away from Mt. Vernon Ave, but does have a bit of its own off-street parking. The shop is clean, cute, and filled with tantalizing choices. I opted for the Nutella pastry - OMG - flaky, buttery, Nutella-y! I also went for a GF/dairy-free cupcake of the same chocolate-chocolate as the aforementioned cake, and I say with conviction that it was the best cupcake I have ever consumed.Again, you do NOT have to follow a gluten-free diet to fully enjoy the splendors of The Happy Tart! Come one sweet tooth, come all! They also have a rotating schedule of GF breads baked in-store, which I may need to try next...
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/22/2013,12/6/2013,48,87,6,9,5>Ah, push it - p-push it real good!That's what I remember most from my dinner here.Rustico left their 80s playlist on for the night and the hits of Salt-n-Pepa, Madonna and others were what we heard throughout our meal.  The songs were amusing though a bit out of place.Risotto tater tots - My favorite item of the night, risotto ... good, tater tots ... good, put your hands together ... Mmm good!Carrot hummus - This reminded me of nachos. The spiced lamb tasted like ground beef, the kind you put into tacos and somewhat reminiscent of that of Taco Bell.  This heavily masked the carrot hummus which it was on top of.  I could hardly taste any carrot in the hummus, even when scooping just the hummus.  Was expecting more from this appetizer.Sea scallops - The scallops themselves were good, but the dollop of almond butter created an awkward gritty combination.  A pairing I was not a fan of.Fried green tomato pizza - Topped with arugula, squash, pine nuts and a hint of lemon.  This was a refreshing pizza, though the flavor profile didn't completely win me over.Ham and asparagus pizza - Strong flavors with the added mustard bechamel, again wasn't entirely impressed with the topping combinations.  But I do admit the crusts on these pizzas are very good, light thin and crispy!Our waiter was very genuine and hospitable.  Good service.  The food is hit or miss.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2013,12/5/2013,980,560,3,5,8>I definitely felt like I traveled back in time to the '80s after attending a Legwarmers ('80s tribute band) concert this past weekend.  The State Theater is a little rundown, but the venue gives off the retro feel that really makes you feel like you're in the '80s.  Drinks are cheap and the bartenders are quick, bathroom lines go by quickly, and the security and will call lines are efficient.  There's plentiful amounts of parking around the venue, but unfortunately, no close distance metro access to and from there.If you're going for the Legwarmers, you'll have the chance to dress up because leotards, leggings, side ponytails, headbands and sweatbands, tracksuits, and many other outfits are abundant!  I also saw a few Michael Jacksons, Hulk Hogans, Marty McFlys, and Pat Benetars.  It was a fun experience and I'm definitely going to check it out again in the future!
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,6/29/2013,105,105,3,6,3>A friend recommended I try this restaurant.  This restaurant has very unique cuisine.  It is a Thai and Louisiana Cajun fusion restaurant (sounds awesome, right?  It is!!!).  ATMOSPHERE:  This is a small and quaint restaurant.  I feel like for the type and quality of cuisine they deserve to have a larger restaurant in a better location. I didn't stay though and got carry out. SERVICE:  The waitress was very pleasant.  She's also very chatty and likes to get to know her customers really well.  She may have also been one of the owners. FOOD:  You can tell that the Thai part of the fusion is very authentic.  I got the Red Curry Jerk Chicken.  OMG so incredibly spicy!  I like spicy though but for those of you who easily get heartburn, already have ulcers, or hate spicy food I do NOT recommend ordering this...I'm not trying to be funny here either....  I was sweating and eating at the same time I loved it.  The flavor is amazing too.  It's this gigantic fried piece of chicken breast in crispy breading tossed in an authentic and extremely spicy Thai curry on a bed of fluffy white rice.  I loved it. Definitely coming back to try everything else.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,6/28/2013,222,447,3,10,5>This place will definitely get the job done if you want Peruvian chicken.  I was shocked to find that Emma's is comparable to the other popular places in Alexandria & Arlington.  Located on S Van Dorn St., I no longer have to venture to the other end of the earth to find quality Peruvian chicken that is moist and actually has enough seasoning on it.  Of course there are places near Little River Turnpike and in Arlington, but I don't want to suffer through the traffic for food.As I walked in the restaurant, I thought the place looked a little bare.  Not much going on, but perfect for a carryout.  There is still enough seating if you want to scarf your chicken down while there.  The smell of the place will make your mouth water.  The chicken smells so good.  I ordered my 1/2 chicken, yucca, and salad for just around $10.  When I got it home, I could not believe how juicy the white meat came out.  The seasoning was on point, and the sauces were off the chain.  Love, love, love that green sauce mixed with the white sauce.  YUM!  The yucca was decent, and the salad was the typical side salad that you would get from these types of places.I rated this place high because it is the only Pollo a la Brasa spot I know in the area that tastes this good.  Is it the best Pollo a la Brasa?  Probably not.  I would suggest you head to Peru for that.4.5 Stars!
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,6/27/2013,281,287,3,7,3>At first, I was completely skeptical of a place like HMPC.  Why would you buy a pizza you still have to cook at home, when you can just start at the bottom and make a pizza from scratch?  It isn't hard and doesn't take much longer than it does to go buy the pizza and cook it.  However, once I tried one of their pies, I ate my words.  Literally and figuratively.This pizza is really effing delicious.  I'm partial to the sausage and caramelized onion pie.  It's like the pizza form of French onion soup with sausage thrown in.  Super tasty.  The wild mushroom and veggie are also favorites.  If you have a hankering for something sweet, the ice cream they sell is very good.  My all-time favorite flavor is mocha chip, and they carry an espresso oreo flavor that is pretty close to it.  I have yet to try their salads, but have heard good things.Aside from the delicious fare, the employees at HMPC are SO nice.  I'm sure it's a company mantra to always greet everyone and be super nice in general, but that kind of thing never gets old in the northeast where people rarely make eye contact, never mind say hello to one another on the street.All this talk about HMPC is making me hungry...I think pizza for dinner is in order!
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2013,6/26/2013,459,643,3,4,5>Took man friend to Eden Center for the first time this past weekend and he LOVED it!  (naturally)  We flipped a coin of pho vs. banh mi before our trip out west (Centreville) and Pho Xe Lua won.You don't go to Pho Xe Lua for the ambiance but you go for the pho, vietnamese coffee and hospitality (seriously, the back portion of the restaurant you will find the owner's shrine to himself with his "office desk and computer," portraits and family pictures, most likely sleeping or playing some game with fellow old men while watching a futbol game).We both ordered the #16 meat combination special ($9.95) pho because why choose one meat when you can have them all? flank/ribeye, brisket, tendon, tripe, meatballs...came garnished with onions.  Man friend and I weren't into eating raw onions so we just took them off and added basil, lime juice, jalepeno and bean sprouts.  I always like to taste the broth first before adding siracha and hoisin and the broth was pretty solid!  I use the pho 75 standard and thought the broth at pho xe lua was different in a good way: lighter/less oily and almost more aromatic (gingery/nuttier).  Noodles were a bit thicker than the norm pho noodles and cooked perfectly where they had a bite to them and didn't clump up.  I like.They provide complementary tea if you ask YAY!  But I was in a vietnamese coffee with condensed coffee mood and was given a ton of stuff! Bigger glass filled condensed milk topped with the coffee strainer, extra ice on the side like way more ice and a thermos of hot water to brew at my leisure.  Such a production I had going on and I can throw together a mean viet iced coffee, thanks to pho xe lua!Overall verdict:  Pretty solid in comparison to pho 75 but a bit pricier (almost $8-10 a bowl at  PXL compared to $6.95-$7.95 at Pho75) and a nice trip out to Eden Center.  I'd definitely come back.  Tip: CASH ONLY!
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,6/25/2013,84,111,6,11,6>Delicious is as delicious does!!Want delicious che that isn't too sweet that you worry about diabetes afterwards? Or REAL fruit smoothies instead of powdered ones? How about a better-than-Starbucks fix? This is your new place to go to at Eden now!Location in Eden Center - Last store next to Kim Phung bakery, across from Song Que, on the same side as Rice Paper/Huong Viet/Thanh Son Tofu to name a few. The menu is extensive but their knowledgeable and friendly staff will be able to give you some recommendations based on your taste/mood/cravings. Staff speak both Vietnamese and very fluent English - heck, Britney or Rebecca (I forgot her name ekkk) is American and works there FT. The owner, Binh, is incredibly nice and will customize your drink to your preference as needed. They make their own homemade coconut milk - I think that's the key to their desserts that makes it fresh, light, and delicious. All their fruits (except for a few) are fresh and cut in the back, as they claim.We ended up pleased with ALL our drinks:- Dessert #1 - Bambu special -- MUST GET!!- Dessert #5 - Avocado -- wow...- Dessert $6 - Variety of fruits with coconut milk- Dessert #14 - red beans with taro and jelly- Hazelnut mocha - friend loved it - said its her new Starbucks!- Taro smoothie with jelly....You can even order these in "bulk" for parties etc... just give them a days notice and your friends are going to ask you where you got these delicious drinks!There's a nice sitting room inside the place, but the seating is limited and small should there be a ton of guests. Plenty of seating outside around the corner if needed though. There's even a TV in the place.CASH ONLY!These drinks can be taken on the go with ice included (if you're planning to eat it on the spot) or a side bag of shaved ice (if you plan on eating it later at home or before the ice melts!). I want to try everything on here... I have a feeling I'll be here a lot and will never be able to lose weight!!! Why must you do this to me Bambu! :)
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,6/24/2013,46,180,1,4,2>I admit I liked my first visit more than others, and I seem to share this sentiment with friends who have also gone back. The burgers were cooked perfectly the first time I was there. Now they seem intent on squeezing every last bit of pink out of those things, which results in a burger with less flavor and moisture than (in my opinion) is ideal. I'm not the first person to mention this, but I hope I'm the last. Still pretty good, but the only thing that should border on dry with beef is the way it's aged. I do appreciate that the fries are done in gluten-free oil, for those of you with celiac or close to people who have it (like me). A nice touch. The downside is, "Beth's Famous Fries" are just fries. They're good and perfectly acceptable with a mix of crunchy and soft. But maybe I'm missing what is supposed to be remarkable about them. Still, points for clearly making them out of fresh potatoes on-site. On paper, the Holy Pig burger seemed to combine so many devilishly unholy things into one sandwich - basically a hamburger and a pulled pork sandwich (WITH the cole slaw on top - take note, Pork Barrel) combined. Great concept. But I'm sad to say mine was ho-hum. It was just dry all around. There wasn't even that much Pork Barrel BBQ sauce on it, and the beef and the pork were dry. This disappointed me. They were slammed the night I went in, but I don't think that's an excuse to rush the preparation of food and risk making it less than desirable. I'm willing to give it a go again and see if it's better when they aren't so rushed.I'm only a few burgers in. I want to try the Banh Mi one and the chicken sandwich. I believe that would round out my Holy Cow portfolio.Wow me, Holy Cow. Make me give you that fifth star.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,6/23/2013,112,184,,5,2>Four of us met here for brunch yesterday afternoon. It was busy but not overly crowded and we were seated right away thanks to the reservation I was able to make the day before online. While I missed a few of the items that are on the dinner menu, I did not miss the noise that comes along with the dinner crowd. For our group of four we ordered olives, two orders of the spicy sausage (we ate it too quickly for me to snap a photo), green eggs and ham, shrimp souvlaki, spicy lamb sliders, beet tartare, and gyro hash. These dishes, combined with the complimentary pita and dips (oil, olives, and harissa) filled all of us right up. The gyro hash was my least favorite of the dishes we ordered. yelp.com/biz_photos/cava… The potatoes were right on the cusp of being underdone and without the tzatziki it would have been really bland. With the exception of the hash, however, everything was 5-star. The shrimp souvlaki was grilled to perfection - firm without being overdone with a nice sear on the outside. The shrimp were served piping hot and the lemon wedge that accompanied them added just the right level of brightness. yelp.com/biz_photos/cava…Can we talk about the sausage? I know, sausage is sausage, but Cava's is spicy, savory, grilled, and the skin pops when you bite into it. It is no wonder that we ordered a second batch. And the sliders? Oh the sliders! Spicy (harissa and jalapenos), tangy (marinated tomatoes and pickled onions), with a creamy kick from the tzatziki. yelp.com/biz_photos/cava…The beet tartare was a lovely plate to balance out the heavier flavors of the sausage, hash, and sliders. yelp.com/biz_photos/cava… Grilled beets, a touch of olive oil, sea salt, and some feta. The beets are roasted to the point where they still have a bit of a bite but aren't crunchy. If you like beets, you really must order this plate. Finally, the Green Eggs and Ham - deviled eggs topped with bacon, served on top of a smear of the deviled yolks and drizzled with an herb vinaigrette. yelp.com/biz_photos/cava… I don't think I can adequately describe the heavenly creamy goodness of this dish. Just trust me and order it. You won't be disappointed. Now granted, Cava is more expensive than some of the other brunch places in Clarendon, but the quality of the food and the specialty cocktails make it worth it. If you are looking for a unique place to grab brunch, stop in at Cava. Get the spicy sausage and the lamb sliders. Order one of the martinis. Relax and enjoy your afternoon.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/14/2013,6/22/2013,48,219,2,5,2>Hooked is spacious restaurant with an elegant, modern design that is pleasing to the eyes. The chef plates your dining courses in a similar fashion, especially so with the sushi. My rice crusted salmon was a beautiful entree to behold. The toasted rice atop a moist, tender fillet gave a nice contrast in texture. The bland sauce accentuated the freshness of the fish, but left me wanting more flavor and seasoning in my meal. Sushi rolls are also fresh and pretty looking, but the consistency and texture from the slices of fish within are disappointing. The deviled eggs were pretty amazing though.It's easily understandable how this aesthetically wonderful oasis in the corner of the Potomac Run Plaza shopping center is so popular with Ashburn and Sterling locals. The servers are knowledgeable, and the manager even stopped by to ensure everything was to our satisfaction. By far, Hooked is the best seafood restaurant in that area; any other decent option is about half an hour away through Northern Virginia traffic.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,6/20/2013,232,240,4,14,8>I'm a self-proclaimed bakery nut, and recently I've decided to start visiting all the bakeries I possibly can in the DC/NoVa area, before my cholesterol reaches a dangerous level. I'm doing this because I'm frankly tired of poorly executed baked goods, that are for some reason still praised simply because they supply nauseating amounts of sugar and fat. When and why did we lower our standards for dessert to such a disgusting low? Why is it so much harder to find a decent pastry in this area compared to finding a decent meal? I surely don't know, but am glad to say that Leonora Bakery is upping the standards with their freshly baked, love filled morsels of awesome.When I followed Google Maps to Leonora's, I was shocked at it's location. I couldn't believe how many times I had passed the little place while wandering through Clarendon and not noticed it. Being on the small side road next to The Liberty Tavern, I guess Leonora just gets overshadowed by the hustle and bustle of the surrounding establishments. I recommend they get a giant, neon pink sign that says "LEONORA HERE" and place it on top of their building. That would help all the misguided fools find their way; myself included.I got there at around 9:15am on my 1/25/13 visit, and the owner(?) was still finishing up what looked like strawberry tartlets behind the counter. Did I mention the place is small? Yes, very small. Some of the prep area is actually right behind the bakery case; stand-up mixers and everything. Anyway! The selection was a little small around that time of day, but I'd say that it's the best selection and a sign of a great bakery. This is because you know everything is fresh out of the oven. No day old items here! The croissants and croissant au chocolat were still warm when I pulled them out of the case. How often does that happen, right? I'm an early bird, so I normally get to bakeries right when they open, yet, surprisingly, rarely find hot items on display. It's such a treat to be able to enjoy something like a croissant hot out of the oven. They are never better than at that moment. If you understand this, or would like to experience it, Leonora is the place to go.Another amazing aspect of Leonora is their prices. My purchase of two croissants, one croissant au chocolat, box of six Madeleines, one eclair, and one Napoleon-like pastry was only $24. The croissants were only $2 a piece! When you pay almost $3 for a crusty, day old cupcake from (insert pretty much any lame cupcake bakery name here), $2 for a fresh, hot croissant is a steal. I don't know how Leonora can justify that price. I appreciate it, but would gladly pay more for such a treat. Hint, hint Leonora owner! Your pastries for worth more! Don't sell yourself short.The next time your in Clarendon, pass up Northside Social and try Leonora. This is a bakery that is all about loving the product, and providing the customer with the best they possibly can at an insane price. Just think of how much better your morning metro ride would be if it included a hot out of the oven croissant au chocolat. Yeah. It would be a lot better.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,6/19/2013,43,199,5,9,7>I came in with high, but cautious expectations.  Yelpers steered me to Shiro, but when walking in for an early dinner, the 3 of us were the only diners. Yikes, I was worried I would be very disappointed.  Where was the cheesy 80's love ballads or fusion Asian pop on speakers?  Where were the other diners?  How good could sushi be in an empty restaurant? I was prepared for a terrible meal.  Boy was I wrong!! The friendly waitress seated us with a smile and took our drink orders immediately.  She then brought us soup (I think it had a chicken base and mushrooms, so I didn't eat it) and standard Japanese salad.  Then the love ballads started on the speakers and I felt like this could turn out to be a great dinner after all!  She then brought us complimentary sushi appetizers which consisted of salmon, tuna and shrimp with a sauce on it with tempura crispy flakes. It was soooo good!!  The rest of the dinner was just as awesome.  The bloody mary sushi was amazing - just try it!  I was fearful this would be a great sushi restaurant 5 minutes from my house that I fall in love with, which will soon go out of business because of lack of diners. However, because this is the "baby" Shiro bred out of the Kingstown location, that explains how they can get the sushi so fresh.  Plus, the owner of Shiro owns the strip mall, so hopefully I'm crossing my fingers this place stays in business.  Great sushi, super nice service - Yelpers, if you like sushi- please come here and support this place!
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,10/30/2013,167,141,5,6,4>I'd never heard of "bubble tea" until I saw this place in the Crystal City Underground.  It was a timely discovery since I missed breakfast and had just left the dentist...couldn't eat any solid foods due to the pain and the numbness!   I ordered a pineapple, banana and strawberry smoothie  with a shot of protein.  I must say that it was absolutely DELICIOUS!  The consistency was perfect, it wasn't too sweet nor too tart...a perfect balance of flavors.  AND...it satisfied my hunger until the numbness wore off.  I really love how they use a plastic seal to secure/cover the drink vs a "lid".  The straws come in different colors and sizes and there is  a pointed tip on one end that allows for ease of puncturing the plastic seal to get to that cup full of goodness!  I mean...I REALLY dig the plastic seal thing!  No worries about anything seeping out...stays nice and secure until you're ready to insert your straw and commence drinking!The establishment was immaculate and  the service was top notch.   I'll be back (in my best Arnold Schwarzenegger voice).
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2013,10/29/2013,86,120,3,7,4>This 7.6 acre park sustains wetlands and includes sculptures and a one-acre 19th century African American cemetery. The large bronze sculpture at the corner of Holland Lane and Jamieson Ave is called  "Truths That Rise From the Roots Remembered," which acknowledges the contributions of the many different African American communities that have contributed to the growth of Alexandria. For more information about the park and the historic communities it commemorates, a visit to the Alexandria Black History Museum on 902 Wythe St. might be helpful. There is a short walking trail around the creek. Wildlife such as beavers and turtles are frequently seen at this peaceful park. It is briefly less peaceful (but cuter!) when the local daycare centers stop by for recess or walks mid-late morning.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,10/28/2013,246,200,14,15,18>Reston Town Center is the crowning glory of the area known mockingly by its detractors as "the WASP nest" as it brings a taste of culture, decent restaurants, and a few essential retail shops (Apple, Williams-Sonoma, etc.) to the otherwise sleepy little burbs.  There are many options from which to choose, from steak at Morton's to fresh seafood at McCormick & Schmick and Passionfish (which consequently serves the best ahi tartare I've ever tasted) to affordable quasi-fast food like Chipotle and Potbelly Sandwiches to delectable Italian and French nosh at Il Fornaio and Mon Ami Gabi respectively. Parking is plentiful and in close proximity.  The higher-end stores and restaurants are usually crawling with the Bohemian Bourgeoisie on weekends and restaurants and bars are packed with wall to wall Yuppies during the work week for lunch and happy hour.  The cigar store has a posh smoking lounge which is quite nice for gentlemen and there is a wine bar and separate wine store to slake an oenophile's thirst. I see many critiques on the RTC derisive of what it isn't (namely DC, "non-gentrified", edgy, or "risky"), but as a resident of Reston I prefer to look at the Town Center for what it is---an opportunity to dine, drink, and shop a little without driving an hour or more after a full day's work to do so in a nice environment in the burbs where they don't actually roll up the sidewalks at 8:00 pm.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2013,10/27/2013,192,253,4,6,5>This contemporary Thai restaurant is a great addition to a town filled with Korean restaurants. We've eaten in a few times as well as taken food to go, and it has never disappointed. The menu is interesting and varied. They have some northern Thai dishes as well as a  selection of Thai noodle soups called big bowl noodle soups. The shrimp Tom Yum Noodle soup was perfect on a cold night. They typically run specials and feature Thai "street foods."  The curry doesn't beat Thai Square (although it's good) but the duck rolls, the whole fish entree, and the wonton soup were tasty. Seriously, the wonton soup was probably the best I've ever had. I'd say the negatives are that the portions are a tad smaller than most Thai restaurants, and some things are slightly overpriced. But the food is quite good so this is quickly becoming our go-to Thai restaurant in our neighborhood. It's never very crowded, so I hope it lasts!FYI: They are still waiting on their liquor license the last time I went in March.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,10/26/2013,303,378,5,12,12>If you're all about KBBQ and wish it could be endless, then look no further than Kogiya.Kogiya is a newcomer to the Annandale Korean BBQ scene, but it's already been making huge waves with its AYCE menu options. Sure there are the traditional dishes and a la carte BBQ plates that you can order from the menu, but most groups come here to get down with a gut-busting meal of meat and banchan.The interior decor is all business with the metal tables and overhead smoke vents. There isn't TOO much seating, so be prepared to wait during busy dining hours. There is a large board with the entire menu written out in colorful chalk, and a large TV plays the latest Kpop MVs. There are also aprons for diners to use if you don't want to get BBQ splattered all over your brand new shirt. Utensils and napkins are stored in drawers in the sides of the tables.The two AYCE options are "A" and "B", where "A" includes your more traditional beef, pork belly, and chicken options, while "B" upgrades you (and your cost) to include offal offerings like intestine or tripe. "A" is currently $18.99, and "B" is currently $27.99. Smashing deals any way you cut it. I really liked the miso pork belly and spicy pork belly. Deep flavors on both.You not only get your endless BBQ meat options, you also get an endless supply of banchan, such as kimchi, pickled vegetables, bean sprouts, spiced kale, shredded salad, mashed potato, etc... and an endless supply of rice and bowls of tofu/fermented bean jigae and steamed egg. Pair this up with non-stop friendly service, and you'll be here all night.Oh, it doesn't stop there. The chicken portion is actually a completely separate entity in its own right because it involves a new BBQ bowl with rice cakes and vegetables (rather than plate) that is done at the table as well. What's that you say? You can't finish all of the chicken bowl, or you've finished it all but want to change it up from the grilled meats? Never fear, you can ask for fresh fried rice made with the leftovers or from scratch at your table as well! Simply say how many bowls of rice you'd like to incorporate into it, and the staff will prepare it in front of you. You cannot take it to go, unfortunately.Lastly, you can finish up with either a slice of orange or a small cup of sweet iced coffee - a refreshing way to end the meal.Seriously though, it's a lot of food. Get your game plan ready before you go in and be prepared to be incapacitated for a couple of hours after you're done.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,10/25/2013,110,167,1,8,4>Authentic, reasonably priced chinese food. The food really deserves 3 stars, but I am giving it four just because there is such a lack of good chinese areas around the area. Simply being a little bit better than what's around here for Chinese, gets you 4 stars (my other reviews are very stringent for 4 stars). Also this place is open until 2 am which is awesome, nothing hits the spot better than eating roast duck noodle soup at 1 am. This is not your run of the mill poor quality Chinese restaurant, it's more authentic, slightly better quality than normal chinese, but it won't wow you with tastiness. But some of their dishes are quite good, I definitely recommend them since there isn't much else to recommend in terms of Chinese food in the area.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,10/24/2013,614,1007,3,4,5>Best Vietnamese coffee! Great prices. The food was really good.This is a great lunch experience - 2 regular bowls with coffee, and an appetizer for $25.The service was prompt and friendly.For as small as it looks outside, there was actually plenty of seating including a small, window bar area.The bowls were tasty - the mint and jalapeno's were fresh.Don't expect a lot of shrimp in the seafood bowl, but everything else was proportionate. The wings were crunchy - not super spicy but the flavor and the texture was probably the best I have had.Everything was perfect. No complaints. Will definitely be back. Happy to have found this spot in my new hood.p.s. park in the back
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,10/23/2013,110,282,8,20,14>This newly opened Filipino restaurant is one of just a very, very few in the DC area and perhaps just the second one in Arlington. It's so new that they have yet to acquire their liquor license (at the time of this writing), so their bar and lounge area is still bare. Good to know that this could be a future hang out spot, though. The restaurant, as far as I know, is fully opened and was able to accommodate our large party. The decor is a work in the progress, but the food is the focus at this point. Overall, it's decent and presentation is faithful to uncle's kitchen. Some of their dishes, however, do take on a bit of a creative license with ingredients-- to mostly delightful results. For example, their "turones" looks the part, which is to say a fried plantain, laced with jackfruit and fried with a crispy skin of, usually, an eggroll wrapper, is delicious. But their wrap for the turon here is actually a tortilla. Delicious. Hats off to the chef! I'll come back for a more thorough review, once they're fully up on their feet.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2013,10/22/2013,333,234,14,24,21>Nothing but the best to say about this local restaurant. This area is going to be my new neighborhood, so I've been navigating from this place as my ground central.It has been here for 100 years! So they must be doing something right.It's a neighborhood place. So you walk in and seat yourself. A server quickly greets you, and you feel at home.The coffee is exceptional. In fact, I overheard a woman from Seattle state that her latte was the best she ever had.I usually order a side of eggs and sausage patties for breakfast. It's a high-protein regimen that starts my day.I'm looking forward to trying their other options for lunch and dinner, but I'm sure that it will be my breakfast, reading the Washington Post, hangout.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,10/21/2013,57,297,4,6,6>Too legit... too legit to quit!Ummmmmmm you guys. This place is SO good. For lunch today, my fiance and I stopped by because we've driven by it so many times and the parking lot is always full so we figured it must be good.Well we figured right because we stuffed ourselves silly with the most delicious pupusas ever. I got pork and cheese, and he got the pork, cheese, and beans. Both were AHHHMAZING. Because we are really fat kids at heart, he got an order of chicken tamales and I got a chicken taco in addition to the pupusas. I'm happy to say it was a good life choice. Everything was so cheap and so so good! Minus one star because it's a touch cramped inside and well... the building/interior leave much to be desired. But that aside, who cares if the food is THIS good? I am a super fan.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,5/16/2014,83,121,3,11,4>Back in the day I was the girl a the comic shop, when there were lots of comic shops around.  Fast forward 20 -some- odd years and most of the comic shops in the area are long since gone as was my habit of visiting them.  One of my favorite writers came out of hiding and it led me to look around for a local shop and Victory Comics (according to Yelp) was the place to go.I sat in the parking lot for  a good 5 minutes just looking at the sheer size of the place, it is huge!  I went in (walking past the rape-y vibe van parked by the door) and stepped in side....and immediately felt like a stranger in a strange land.  I walked up and down the isles of comics, graphic novels, trades, toys and collectibles.  I never wandered over to the game side (another casualty of technology, gaming stores and comic stores are now often one and the same) but in the end, I didn't even know where to start.Have no fear, as I stood there feeling totally out of place and out of my league, their super helpful, and surprisingly not snobby staff (much like record stores there is a stigma with working at a comic book store) asked me if I needed help....a few minutes later, feeling much more at ease, I made my purchases and departed feeling like I'd been reunited with an old friend.Thank you Victory Comics!  I"ll see you soon!
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,5/15/2014,45,164,1,8,7>I dined at Bazin's last night, and based on that experience (and others I've had prior since I wrote my review back in the summer) I feel it's time for an update. You'll see I increased my rating from 4 stars to 5. Why? One of the only complaints I've ever had about Bazin's was that their fish dishes are sometimes dry. However, after last night, I can safely say that's no longer the case.Last night, my husband and I dined at Bazin's with two of our friends (their first time there). As usual, the place was buzzing, and was beautifully decorated for the holidays. We were seated promptly at a cozy table by the window and handed the menus. One thing that I've always loved about this place is the specials, and I noticed that they are now printed on a menu insert, saving a server needing to repeat when I inevitably remember something sounding good but forgetting exactly what was described and needing it repeated. It was really nice to have the specials on paper right in front of me.The waiter arrived and we ordered a bottle of wine to start. The manager actually came out and poured our wine, and let us know that he thought the bottle we ordered was actually the last one they had on hand, which we appreciated in case we wanted to order another bottle we'd be prepared in advance to order something different. To start, the four of us ordered the jumbo lump crab spring roll (yep, I just can't stay away from that thing) and the duck quesadillas. The spring roll was fabulous as always, and the duck quesadillas were delicious. For my meal, I decided to go for the fish special that evening - flounder stuffed with crabmeat and served with veggie basmati rice and a coconut red curry sauce. One of the best fish dishes I've had in a long time and not dry AT ALL. The lump crab was succulent and tasted great with the flounder, rice, and sauce. The sauce had a kick, but not so much of a kick that it overpowered the dish. Really, just executed perfectly. I hope this becomes a regular item on the menu! My husband and dining companions ordered the lamb shank and the short ribs and they all raved about their dishes.Decided to go for dessert and went for the special - chocolate peanut butter pie, which was peanut butter mousse on top of a chocolate cake and topped with dark chocolate. So indulgent, and rich, but the mousse was so light that it really balanced the richness of the chocolate. My dining companions ordered the pie as well and one salted caramel tart (at our recommendation) and she could not stop saying "wow." Service was excellent as always - checking up on us enough to be helpful but not intrusive. They really do have an excellent team of servers and management at that restaurant.5 stars is deserved, indeed. Keep up the great work, Patrick and Julie!
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,5/14/2014,72,85,10,8,7>Ray's is on some next level steak game. I'm still getting texts from my girlfriend about how she feels like a dude because she can't stop thinking about red meat after our dinner here on Saturday.I had the bleu cheese 14oz. NY strip, and i didn't even want to have a conversation while eating it. I just wanted to enjoy every single bite, and almost ordered a second steak. Totally forgot about the bottle of wine we ordered because I was so focused on my delicious, perfectly cooked meat. Don't mess with any other steak house in the area. If you want a quality cut for a good price, and terrific customer service, head to Ray's.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2014,5/13/2014,114,216,5,11,8>Well Gretchen P. convinced me to try this place out (as it was already one of my to try bookmarks) and I'm glad I took the hint.It's a small place but it doesn't feel that way when you're looking at their expansive menu. I loved all the small touches of decorations that were up in prep for Valentine's day---paper multi-color umbrellas, cut out hearts and lamps included.There are two main things I look for when trying a new sushi place: 1. Their menu and if it seems creative2. PlatingI don't worry about time or price as I never want sushi to be fast and cheap...if it is, I'm instantly wary.There were lots and lots of different rolls to choose from and it was hard choosing just two to try (a BLT Revolution Roll?!). On top of that I felt the wait time for a full restaurant at lunch time was appropriate. The plating was *speechless* it knocked my socks off. Everything looked too pretty to eat. Success!This love/hate visual relationship only lasted moments before I dug in and enjoyed every delicious bite of sushi. Fresh, perfectly sliced sizes of yummy fish---nom nom nom.Consider this place Lendsey approved!
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,5/12/2014,138,252,5,8,6>I don't really get the decor with the lounge like purple lighting, but eh, we're here for the food right? Service was attentive and friendly. They allow you to bring in your own wine for a $19 or $20 corkage. On a Sunday night, there was plenty of metered street parking outside.We split the shrimp and grits to start - perfectly creamy grits, super tender shrimp (and I don't even love shrimp), deliciously spiced venison sausage that wasn't as gamy as I'd expected, and lovely slices of okra that made the dish perfect. Really excellent and would absolutely get it again unless the pork belly makes an appearance. Sadly they were out this time around. My dad's red snapper had a gorgeous seared crust on it, but the flesh was too dry. The pickled cabbage and winter squash puree underneath were great though. I really liked my duck confit even though it wasn't quite like what I'm used to when I get duck confit. The fat hadn't been rendered that much so there was still quite a bit of fattiness that I avoided. The lacquered skin was slightly sweet and wonderfully savory and the meat tender. I loved the Brussels sprouts, which were practically creamy with rich oils. I wish the cider gastrique had been way more pronounced. All the heaviness of the dish made me crave some bright acidity that I wasn't really getting on the plate.A quibble - I wish they put on the menu that they have crostini if you want to order bread. The crostini were thin pieces of bread fried in butter, so be prepared for a very rich bread basket if you get it - $3 for 4 pieces. There was a board outside advertising a 3 course prix fixe, which is available at the bar only.The desserts, especially the mochi ice cream flight looked amazing, but because of the richness of the duck, I couldn't even finish it, let alone find room for dessert. I'd come back to try their happy hour and their pork belly.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,5/11/2014,153,102,4,8,6>GYRO PLEASE! One starving Saturday afternoon my friend and I came here to eat. We wanted something quick but tasty. I lived in Vienna for about 5 years now and never once did I come here. What a mistake...I ordered the Chicago Gyro and the bf got the chicken caesar wrap. My gyro was soo good. The meat was soft and melt in your mouth yumminess. Plaka grill had plenty of meat in it, I know a few places where they skimp on the gyro meat and I feel like I'm eating a salad wrap,  but not here! The ordering process was easy. You go up, order what you want and they give you a number, you choose your seat and they bring the food to you. Simple and delicious.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,5/5/2014,168,231,4,14,9>Paradise Springs is perfection for many reasons. Not only does it host bragging rights as the closest winery to DC, it is also the first winery in Fairfax County. It is located just 25 minutes from the city, and the drive in and through Clifton is so beautiful. Everything is scenic and you feel like you are transported further out of the city than you truly are. Not to mention, Hemlock Overlook and trails are literally right next to the winery, so you can reward yourself with some wine after a long run (as I've done before, and it is a wonderful experience), or walk it off after you've had a glass or two.The wine tastings are a great way to experience the wonderful flavors Paradise Springs has to offer. There are also a lot of delicious noms here, or you could bring your own food if you plan in advance! There are always great deals and events going on, so it's a good idea to check the website out for further information and plan in advance with a group or a spontaneous stop-in can be just as rewarding!You will appreciate the views, the cozy feel, and the wonderfully warm employees!
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,5/8/2014,69,117,4,7,5>Oil change or sandwich? Trying to make a decision? Then you are probably standing in front of Earl's Sandwich in Ballston. I like the Clarendon location, but I love this location better. Comfortable seats, TVs, and space. Yes, I can actually turn around without hitting the walls! Simply take the Orange Line to the Ballston stop and walk across the street.I cannot say enough about the friendly, attentive service. The freshly smoked meats mean that your sandwich is fresh and not processed. The all day breakfast menu is an added plus.The Cuban Club continues to be my favorite with its meats, special dressing, and deep fried sweet pickles. No visit will be complete without the fantastically tasty French fries! They are freshly cut and fried while you wait. They are available as sweet potatoes too! This is the DC area sandwich shop to beat. They have the complete package. Try this one soon!
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,5/12/2014,138,252,5,8,6>I don't really get the decor with the lounge like purple lighting, but eh, we're here for the food right? Service was attentive and friendly. They allow you to bring in your own wine for a $19 or $20 corkage. On a Sunday night, there was plenty of metered street parking outside.We split the shrimp and grits to start - perfectly creamy grits, super tender shrimp (and I don't even love shrimp), deliciously spiced venison sausage that wasn't as gamy as I'd expected, and lovely slices of okra that made the dish perfect. Really excellent and would absolutely get it again unless the pork belly makes an appearance. Sadly they were out this time around. My dad's red snapper had a gorgeous seared crust on it, but the flesh was too dry. The pickled cabbage and winter squash puree underneath were great though. I really liked my duck confit even though it wasn't quite like what I'm used to when I get duck confit. The fat hadn't been rendered that much so there was still quite a bit of fattiness that I avoided. The lacquered skin was slightly sweet and wonderfully savory and the meat tender. I loved the Brussels sprouts, which were practically creamy with rich oils. I wish the cider gastrique had been way more pronounced. All the heaviness of the dish made me crave some bright acidity that I wasn't really getting on the plate.A quibble - I wish they put on the menu that they have crostini if you want to order bread. The crostini were thin pieces of bread fried in butter, so be prepared for a very rich bread basket if you get it - $3 for 4 pieces. There was a board outside advertising a 3 course prix fixe, which is available at the bar only.The desserts, especially the mochi ice cream flight looked amazing, but because of the richness of the duck, I couldn't even finish it, let alone find room for dessert. I'd come back to try their happy hour and their pork belly.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,5/11/2014,153,102,4,8,6>GYRO PLEASE! One starving Saturday afternoon my friend and I came here to eat. We wanted something quick but tasty. I lived in Vienna for about 5 years now and never once did I come here. What a mistake...I ordered the Chicago Gyro and the bf got the chicken caesar wrap. My gyro was soo good. The meat was soft and melt in your mouth yumminess. Plaka grill had plenty of meat in it, I know a few places where they skimp on the gyro meat and I feel like I'm eating a salad wrap,  but not here! The ordering process was easy. You go up, order what you want and they give you a number, you choose your seat and they bring the food to you. Simple and delicious.
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2012,7/24/2012,64,823,4,4,3>YUM YUM - the pita pieces and olive oil they  bring out in the beginning is addictive, and very helpful to make you order less as you can't resist shoveling it in.  Sooo tasty.Happy hour prices (at bar only) are pretty decent too.  I had two raspberry mojito cocktails for $5 each and the portion size wasn't bad.  The drink was great!  I would definitely come back for the HH alone.As for the meal itself, the food was very tasty and the portion sizes actually weren't that small.  My favorite in the world was the crab bomb!  It was a ball of crab meat about the size of a baseball and was absolutely delicious!   Highly, HIGHLY recommend.  And I had rissoto in some kind of tomato cream sauce too.  Tasted incredible, was served piping hot and the portion was satisfying.  I was pleased with the amount of food I got in the end and wasn't stuffed.  The decent portion sizes plus the free pita bread were huge pluses as it made it easier to share and fill up without buying a ton.  A friend got the gyro plate and only ended up being able to eat 1/3 because of all the amazing pita bread!  I sampled some of the pork belly (mediocre) and a mussel (good) and a little piece of weird cheese-thing (meh).  Of everything I tasted my CRAB BOMB and risotto were definitely the best!There is some other thing you can order where they set it on fire for you right in front of your table.  Its a little fun to watch, but when they do it a rush of scalding hot air envelops the tables around it.  This happened 3 times around our table and the burning air was somewhat unpleasant for the skin on my face and my eyes.  I can imagine if they accidently dropped the plate or something or held it too close to someones face they could cause real damage.  Watch out!As for atmosphere, the decor was cool, but I found the bar area to be a little cramped.  I think the interior could have been designed a little better to allow for better movement in that area - you literally have to go to the back near the waiter station to have a chance of getting into that space and shove through to get near the bar.  I found this annoying.In all, 4 stars because of the CRAB BOMB!  This dish was really exciting for me.  I definitely had a good time here.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,7/23/2012,443,442,3,8,5>**4.5 stars**Located at the end of a strip mall, Yama is a hidden gem of fresh sushi!  Service was one of the best I've ever experienced at a Japanese restaurant and the small yet clean restaurant filled up quickly at 6PM on a Tuesday.SALMON NIGIRI: fresh, but not as flavorful as TachibanaWHITE TUNA: melts in your mouthUNI: *tip* any restaurant that has uni all the time gets fresh fish daily b/c sea urchin can be expensive and does not hold long; the uni here was fresh and the cheapest I've ever seen it ($7/2 pieces)YAMA HANDROLL: mix of salmon, tuna, and yellowtail- great valuePHILLY HANDROLL: yumFRIED ICE CREAM: a very large portion, but it was not fried as much as it should have beenRED BEAN/GREEN TEA ICE CREAM: an order comes with 2 scoops and it definitely fills you up! Overall, I love Yama and I can't wait to come back!
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,7/22/2012,71,99,6,6,5>Seriously.......FRICKLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Fried, juicy, delicious PICKLES. I could have eaten the entire basket by myself. Tangy, just sour enough pickles in a crispy, little bit spicy batter served with a really tasty and spicy ranch dip. I am going to crave these ALL of the time.We also had the pretzel bites, and they were good too, just next to the Frickles...well...how can you compare? Fried pickles!!!!!!I ordered the roast beef panini and it was really good, even though I was kinda full from the frickles....and I ordered onion rings as a side. Just a head's up....the onion rings are HUGE. I ended up taking half of my sammy and the onion rings home.  (They actually heated up nicely in my toaster oven.)My husband got the black bean bulgur burger (he's a vegetarian), and really enjoyed it...said it was really satisfying and yummy. He also had the English Summer Ale and really enjoyed that as well.  The service was great and attentive...but not hovering, and there is free garage parking, which is also nice and convenient. We'll be going back soon....I'm gonna need more of those Frickles. :D
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,7/21/2012,706,347,5,9,6>The restaurant area of Columbia Firehouse is much nicer than the bar area. The restaurant is cozy with a beautiful, candlelit ambiance. It was a nice place to have a conversation and we were not disturbed by surrounding tables. This would be a good place to take a date. The service was great! I hardly remember a server being present, but I had everything I needed it when I needed it, which is always a sign of excellent service. I happened to notice that a very attractive, well dressed  man (not our server) delivered our food - bonus! I kept thinking, people in this area don't usually look quite as well coiffed as he did, but when I left the venue, I also noticed the patrons were also of a certain calibur (at least in the dining area). Maybe I don't get out enough?? Anyhoo, I considered it a pleasant change of pace. Here is a list of dinks and food that we tried:Drinks:- Domaine Bellevue Chardonnay - delicious!- Flying Winemaker Cab - perfect!Food:- Roasted pumpkin soup with with dried cranberries, spiced pecans & coriander crème fraiche - I have been looking for a pumpkin soup ever since my failed attempt to order pumpkin soup at a wine bar in Chicago, so I was pleasantly surprised to see this on the menu at Columbia Firehouse. The wait was worth it. The soup was incredible! The pecans, coriander and creme were great additions to the soup. - Butter lettuce wedge salad with dried cranberries, toasted almonds & butterlmilk goat cheese dressing - The lettuce was a somewhat bitter. I would have preferred a standard wedge salad. The almonds were tasty. - Roasted beet salald with crumbled blue cheese, baby arugala and toasted walnuts -  my friend said she would rate this dish 3.5 stars. She said there was a sour taste to it that she could not put her finger on. - Spicy italian Pork, Fennel & Pepper Flake - this was a small sampler dish with some thinly sliced meat, bread, ground mustard and sweet pickles. The mustard was strong. This is more of a small plate side dish and my friend does not typically order these kinds of dishes so if you like these types of dishes then you would probably be happy with your choice. Their bar menu looks pretty appetizing. I would have liked to have seen some of those options on the restaurant menu.I did not look at the dessert menu but I hear they have a cookies and confections option with a mini hostess cupcake, oatmeal cream pie, donut, snickers bar, etc made by Buzz Bakery. I may have to make another trip here just for that. Overall, Columbia Firehouse gets 4 stars for service, ambiance, wine and the fantastic pumpkin soup!!
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,7/20/2012,34,168,3,6,3>One of the thing that I truly miss when I moved back here from NY is the FOOD!!!  I know the area pretty well but didn't realize about this place until I saw the reviews from Yelpers.  I guess if you're driving on Ox road, you won't see it since it's kinda on a side of the strip mall.You really have two choices when you enter.  Carry out on the right or full service on the left.  I decided to go for the eat in(full service).  The place reminds me of some "diners" atmosphere up in NJ and NYC.  The nice waitress came out and asked if I want the coleslaw w/ pickle(complimentary).  I ordered the Reuben sandwich.  The portion is definitely big and should fill you up.  They have 3 different "sizes" and I ordered the biggest one.  The verdict?  Very good NY deli sandwich with NY price :)  I was hoping for the VA price with NY taste.  Overall, not bad at all and I will definitely be back to try out other sandwiches and, maybe, breakfast.  So if you are looking for a cheap eat, this place is not it.  But if you want a good NY style deli without driving up to NYC, then this place is, by far, that best around here.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,7/19/2012,0,183,2,6,4>Open your eyes real wide to find this place on the side of the restaurant, Sabzi.  Not the most nicely decorated place but the food is delicious.  And if you ask what Ackee is, there is a picture right behind the counter where the owner will explain to you what it is and your appreciation for the decor behind the counter will suddenly come together. We decided on the jerk chicken and the ackee and saltfish. (We're told the jerk chicken is spicier than the Jamaican curry chicken.)  I really enjoyed the Ackee and Saltfish.  The rice was tender and fluffy with the pieces of fish, red bell peppers, and ackee laid on top.  The cabbage and fried plantains complemented the meal well.  I wish I had more of the fried plantains but there was definitely enough rice.  And just in case you didn't know, rice and peas really mean rice and red kidney beans =) The jerk chicken had a kick to it but the way it was cut increased the chance that bits of bone might be mixed into the rice.  Eat with caution! Lastly, get the Ting drink!
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2012,7/18/2012,162,152,3,5,4>I took my husband to Hank's this past Sunday after denying him of oysters at Columbia Firehouse on Friday night. We strolled in around 8pm and were seated right away. To start off the meal, my husband and I decided to order some adult beverages. They have a nice selection of beer and wine. If it had not been a Sunday night, I probably would have gotten more than one glass of wine. The free goldfish they put on the table is a cute idea, but I'm a free bread kind of girl.  We knew we were definitely getting oysters on the half shell, so we decided to go with a dozen of the VA ones. They also offered ones from British Columbia and Washington.  My husband likes his oysters briny, so we did all VA ones. The oysters came with two condiments, cocktail sauce topped with fresh horseradish and a shallot-red wine vinegar sauce. Both were great complements to the oysters.For our main entrees, I ordered the lobster roll and my husband got the rainbow trout. I decided to sub the old bay fries for onion rings after eying the ones ordered by the couple sitting next to us. The lobster roll had big chunks of lobster and was lightly dressed with some sort of mayo based sauce. It was served on a long potato roll. I though it was very good, but not the best lobster roll I've ever had. My husband did not have any complaints about his rainbow trout. We would definitely go back for some oysters and drinks. I think we'll have to check out the Half Price Raw Bar they have at the Dupont location (10pm-12am every night).
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,7/16/2012,96,138,2,3,5>Ah, yes, barbeque in Northern Virginia. An anomaly? No. A rare find? Yes.This is quite possibly the best BBQ I have had in the area. In fact, in many areas (I do not frequent the South very much I must say). It is in a remote area of Ashburn, but definitely well worth the drive out. Parking is scarce. The place is very homely, with many wooden chairs and tables inside. Popular rest stop for cyclists as well.The food is just delicious. My go to: half rack with beans and mac n' cheese. It is just scrumptious. The meat is tender and falls off the bone, and the beans/mac complements the heavy meat well. I like to drink a Cheerwine with it; I just don't get very much of this great beverage. I have had the pulled pork sandwich as well. Nothing is bad here.I can't find a single fault to be honest. Maybe the tiny fact that the parking lot is pretty bad/small and unpaved. That is but a mere tiny fault. I come here for the BBQ, and the BBQ alone.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2012,7/15/2012,157,256,6,5,4>You know, I'm afraid to give this place the great review that it deserves. I don't want you and you and your mama, too to be taking up space and possibly filling the restaurant when I am trying to be there. But the food here is GOOD! I have been twice and have been shocked that its not packed each time. The decor is GORGEOUS! They have really taken time to figure out what is beautiful and used that in their decorating. Its a good date spot because of this. The first time I was here, I had a shrimp kabob that was really good. It doesn't look like a lot, but it was very filling with all the rice and naan. The second time I was here, I got a ribeye steak kabob. That was OUT OF THIS WORLD! Flavorful all the way through and it was tender. This was a winner. We always get the baklava for dessert. Its ok. I wish it were a bit more gooey like some of the other baklava I have had. But make no mistakes, its a great way to end a meal here. Parking is great, as its a parking lot out in front of the place. The owner is really nice. He walks around and chats with everyone. You feel like he's an old friend that's invited you for dinner in his home. I like that comfy feeling. So, if you love good kabobs and gorgeous atmosphere, head here. But not on nights I plan on being there. I will NOT be held back from my ribeye kabob all because I mistakenly hipped you to my secretly awesome kabob spot.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,7/14/2012,49,128,5,3,3>Song Que said:"You guys thoughts Asians only knew such starches as rice and noodles, ey?  Give me your stale slice bread, your cellophane wrapped cheeses, and your floppy, slimy, lunchmeat and I'll give you delicious marinated meats on soft, crusty bauguettes, with accompainaments you've never heard of like fresh jalapeno, cilantro, and radish for amazing crunch and flavor for all less then $4."Additionally, they have a little eating area, and pre-wrapped meals, still warm from being cooked up for CHEAP.  And bubble teaaaa.  Someone behind the counter saw me struggling with my American-ness and stabbed my straw into my drink for me.  What's not to love?
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,4/26/2013,303,378,4,10,9>Popped in for a UYE with a small group of local Yelpers, and House of Fortune was very accomodating.Yes, there is a separate Chinese menu that is all in Chinese. Yes, you want to order from that one.We came in wanting to try their Xiao Long Bao, and so we ordered up 4 servings (8 pieces each order) for the group of 7. The ladies running the restaurant were enthusiastic and friendly. I asked them to select 3 small dishes (cold) and 4 main dishes to give the group a taste of more authentic Chinese food. The cold dishes came out quickly and were pickled cucumbers with chiles and garlic, vegetarian/imitation duck (made with bean curd), and sliced beef tendon with garlic, chile, and spring onion. They were all very good and freshly prepared, and the group enjoyed them. The XLB shortly followed, and they were great. The staff explained to the group how to best enjoy them - place one on your spoon, bite into the dumpling to suck the soup out, spoon some of the vinegar and ginger sauce onto your dumpling, and pop the whole thing into your mouth. Very good stuff, and not a bad version of freshly-made XLB! The skin is a bit thicker than some of the specialty shops you'll find in NYC or LA, but the taste is still better than anything you'll find in the immediate area.Our large dishes came out a little later, and they were pork shreds with black bean and chile peppers, salt and pepper fried shrimp, pork belly in a sweet soy glaze, and sauteed "A" vegetable with garlic. The pork belly stole the show with the thick cuts and layers of fat - it is definitely a very generous dish that I recommend to anyone. The "A cai" (vegetable) was also a surprise hit with the group - it's a mild vegetable almost like romaine but is uniquely Asian. I'm not sure what the English translation or equivalent would be. The salt and pepper shrimp were good, but had an interesting orange batter on it. Not what I'd consider really authentic, but hey, it tasted fine. The pork shreds with bean and chile was actually very authentic, and it's something you'd pair with rice and eat all day.Overall, it was a great experience with helpful staff and more than enough food to go around. It is very reasonable on price as well, so be sure to try it out. I'm glad that I finally did!
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2012,4/25/2013,375,803,5,8,9>Carol W and I were looking for lunch in Eden Center.  Since there was no shortage of options to be found, we consulted our always-helpful Yelp app.  Huong Viet Restaurant seemed to be at the head of the class based on its reviews, especially from Yelpers whose opinions I've come to trust.  Anyway, we stepped into the restaurant at around 1pm on a Saturday afternoon.  Every table in the relatively small, cramped dining room was taken and there was another party in line ahead of us waiting for a table to come open.  After a short ten-minute wait, a table finally came open.  Huong Viet is full-service Vietnamese restaurant with an expansive menu.  Since it was just lunch and we had a lot of errands yet to be done, we decided to keep it relatively light.  We split an order of Goi Cuon, summer rolls with shrimp and pork ($3.95).  Our rolls were pretty standard in terms of size, composition, and flavor.  Enjoyable, better than average, but nothing "wow".  I passed on pho, my usual go-to selection, and opted for the Bun Bo Hue, their "famous" Hue beef spicy soup ($8.50).  yelp.com/biz_photos/PEna…  My soup was hot, spicy, and beefy. As for the level of spiciness, it possessed above average heat (but I like tongue blistering spice), but it was not overwhelming.  Yet, it wasn't just one note, spicy, as there was a very nice combination of spices and seasonings with the meat, noodles, and vegetables, which really made for a hearty, satisfying bowl of soup.  It was a nice change of pace from my regular pho.  I pushed back from the table pleased.I've almost always felt that restaurants, especially ones serving Asian cuisines, which are able to attract multi-generational families must be doing something right in terms of execution and authenticity.  Based on my experience and looking around the dining room at my fellow diners, Houng Viet is doing it right.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,4/24/2013,192,253,10,21,14>Watch out, Honey Pig, there's a new Korean BBQ sheriff in town: Kogiya Korean BBQ.This place was great! The space is modern (yelp.com/biz_photos/kogi…) and industrial looking with a good ventilation system unlike some other Korean BBQs (I'm looking at you, Oegadgib). In addition, the tops come off the stools so you can stash your coat to keep it from smelling like grilled meat, and the television streams K-pop videos for your viewing pleasure.The banchan here blows Honey Pig out of the water (yelp.com/biz_photos/kogi…). We had an endless supply of potato salad, watercress, bean sprout salad, kimchi, two preparations of radishes (one sweet, one pickled), black beans, and daikon. They even give you steamed egg and tofu soup. And they keep coming back to refill it until you are so full you can barely move.The bulgogi accompaniments are also stellar: seaweed, lettuce, napa cabbage, cucumbers, and carrots (yelp.com/biz_photos/kogi…). And of course the star of the show--THE MEAT--was excellent. We had bulgogi and miso marinated pork. They have a pretty inexpensive all-you-can-eat BBQ menu, plus they offer 5-layer pork belly, which means you get the skin as well. Once the word is out, this place will be just as popular as Honey Pig, and deservedly so.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,4/22/2013,76,199,,5,2>So a friend of mine had told me about this place and I was a bit skeptical about it.   I was like you are brave to want to be nude in front of a bunch of random strangers but she really liked it so much that I finally decided to get that living social or groupon deal for free admission and a reflexology foot massage.  Without the deal, the entrance fee is only $25 and gets you access to the pool area, poultice rooms and common area.It was definitely a strange experience at first.  The pool area is where you are required to be nude.  At first, for those of you who may be shy to be nude in front of others, like me, it was very, very awkward and seeing other females nude was kind of gross.  However, after a while, you get used to it and don't even notice it.  They have four different wading pools with different temperatures (extremely hot jacuzzi, hot jacuzzi, ice cold water, and a regular warm main pool).  The ice cold water is great for a few seconds after you've been in the hot water for a bit.  I also recently liked it for alleviating the pain from my sprained ankle.  The  main pool has a bunch of jets in there which at times you may have to wait for but usually you can find one that is open.  In the rest of spa world, they provide you with shorts and a tshirt.  There's so many different types of rooms (poultice area) there that it's so hard at first to pick which one you want to be in.  There's an ice room which is great when you've been in all the other rooms which are hot.  The red clay ball room is so much fun!  It's noisy but that is by far my favorite one.  Each room has healing properties for various health concerns and way too many to even write on here.As everyone else has mentioned, the snack bar which is not free could use a bit more food.  The restaurant has a pretty good selection but if you don't eat seafood or meat, you may be limited.  Make sure you ask them for something vegetarian so you don't get seafood in your meal like I did.  The spa services are also additional.  The foot reflexology was hard core.  There were definitely times that the pressure was a bit much for me.   I also ended up getting some massage there and I have to say it was good.  If you don't like strong massages, I would not recommend either.  I've been twice now and each time I've left super relaxed.  I just wish this place was closer to me so I wouldn't have to drive so far to get home.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,4/21/2013,61,242,9,8,3>I was really on the fence - but I had to take the plunge and give this place the 5 Star treatment. It's not because it's nice inside; it isn't. It's awful. It's a little bit dirty, and the signs advertising their specials are just printer paper - stained with what looks to be coffee - affixed to the wall with scotch tape.It's not the service. Although fast, nobody working here seems to be having a great day when you walk in and order - and they will likely bring your day down a notch or two with their attitude.But, fret not! You'll rise a few notches when you get you bill. Because it is so. dirt. CHEAP. You can get mountains off food here for super reasonable prices - you can eat for days with the right combination.And you know what else? The food is great. It is excellent. It is so good, your taste buds will kick your balls out through your ass. Even the sandwiches are awesome!Seriously, I love this place. Granted, since it's about 200 feet from my front door, I may have some additional reasons to love it more than the usual takeout joint. Highly recommend, will be back.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,4/20/2013,152,261,1,12,5>Words cannot describe. But I will try. It's like getting to the Promised Land. One of kimchi, rice (so much RICE), seafood, banchan I've never ever seen before, marinated meats, and even bath and body products. The produce here is fresh and cheap. You can't beat that. I'm a proud carnivore but if you're vegetarian, H Mart is the best place you'll find for quality veggies and fruits at dirrrrt cheap prices. And they have exotic fruits and veggies like guava and cactus! And fresh, not rotting avocados for $0.68/each. Each! There's an entire aisle dedicated to Asian snacks -- mostly Korean and Japanese focused. This alone is enough for 5 stars but also, on the weekends, they give out free samples! There's a food court as well but I've only ordered one thing from there (a beef soup) and it was so so. This H mart is clean and well organized. If you live anywhere near Fairfax and cook or like to eat Korean or Japanese food, make the drive out.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/30/2012,4/19/2013,213,273,2,4,3>3.5 starsIt seems that it was only a short while ago that Harry's Tap Room, er-Market Tavern was down the street in Clarendon. In record time, a new restaurant has taken over the space and opened with a Mexican kitchen and bar. Fuego is the newest addition in the Passion Food Hospitality Group, which is the umbrella other restaurants such as Ceiba, Passionfish, and Acadiana fall under.I don't like tequila too much, but I do like the amount of choices they have as well as the nice red library-style tall ladder leaning against the bar for all those hard to reach places.Our first bites consisted of: chips and salsas, Queso Fundido (cast iron baked chihuahua & oaxaca cheese, blistered peppers, fresh corn tortillas, chorizo), Al Pastor Tacos (spit roasted marinated pork, pineapple serrano salsa), Birria Tacos (jalisco style roasted goat), and Platanos Machos (tequila glazed ripe plantains, latin crema).The house-made tortillas had a good flavor to them, but were a tad too thick. The pork tacos were great and juicy, but the goat tacos were so dry they needed a generous dip in salsa to help choke down. Both tacos came on interesting plates with three compartments on the side - we were warned not to sample the middle sauce since it was extremely spicy. We trusted our server. The queso fundido was nothing special to write home about. It was greasy and too firm to dip into easily (unlike the delicious queso fundido at Ceiba). The sweet and warm plantains solved our urge for dessert so we'll have to return another time to sample that portion of their menu.Though Fuego had just opened, the staff was very knowledgable and friendly. They seemed to know every aspect of the menu and had recommendations for all sorts of palettes. This would be a good spot for a happy hour in Arlington, but there are no food specials and at $7 per tiny taco order, I'd have to have a few drinks before indulging too much.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,4/18/2013,237,274,,8,3>Having lived in Florida for over 10 years, I've had traditional fried chicken and almost every variation of the Southern fried classic ... but there is nothing like this culinary gift from the heavens that is Korean Fried Chicken.The chicken is fried to absolute perfection -- wonderfully crispy with moist and flavorful meat. They only have two sauces to choose from -- hot and soy garlic -- but these two are all you need. There is also the boneless chicken option... while good, it's a rookie move. You gotta get the bone-in chicken because it's just better. Bone = Flavor. Fact. Every order of chicken comes with a complimentary side (choice of Kimchi Slaw, regular Cole Slaw, White Rice or Brown Rice). Personally, I like the kimchi slaw and brown rice.Of the appetizer options, they have awesome seasoned fries and delicous pork buns. Other entree options include Korean favorites like ddukboki (spicy rice cake), bulgogi wrap and bulgogi rice bowl... but everyone comes here for the fried chicken. If you haven't had Korean Fried Chicken from Bon Chon, you have no idea what you're missing and you need to plan a visit immediately.Overall, the chicken is AMAZING and the service is great. I absolutely love this place and always look forward to coming here. If I wasn't such a health nut, I'd probably eat here every day.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,4/17/2013,498,437,,5,6>#344.5.. but the bump up was because it's literally one of the best meals for under $10 you can get. Point Joint Heaven! And im usually not a fan. But I guess that's the thing here in NoVA: these fast food (but better quality) peruvian point point joints! $5.99 got me a quarter of a chicken and two sides. I opted for corn and fried rice ($1 extra for the rice but well worth it!) The chicken is rotisserie style and ooozing with flavor and tenderness. The sides we're just as delicious but it's all about the chicken here. IN LOVE!This will be a place I go to often especially since it's literally downt he street from me. Better believe it!
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,4/16/2013,105,208,3,8,3>Best bang for your buck!  Ray's to the third, fourth, or fifth.  I really enjoy this food!I've now eaten at Ray's once and ordered carry-out twice.  I am so impressed with the quality of food for the buck.  Throughout my journey with Rays^3, I've sampled some of the following foods:1 - Seafood mac 'n cheese.  You've had the mac 'n cheese at Ray's the Steaks.  You know it's amazing.  This is amazing^3.  Combining their signature mac 'n cheese with their succulent seafood, I can't have enough!2 - Salmon.  It's fabulous.  Get it diablo style for an extra kick.  It's always cooked just perfectly to fall apart and melt in your mouth.3 - Portabella burger.  My mom tried this one. My mom is a great cook, and she thought this was incredible. She enjoyed the 'meatiness' of the portabella, as well as the flavors they packed in.4 - Turkey Burger.  Diablo style.  I can't get away -- diablo is the place to be!5 - Steak.  My husband has had the filet, diablo style.  It's his absolute favorite in the DMV area.To top it off, french fries, sweet potato fries, and a number of different sauces (piranha, ray's, etc.).  I haven't even gotten an opportunity to TRY their milkshakes because I'm so full from eating all the entrees in site.From an atmosphere perspective -- this is casual dining.  Vinyl tablecloths with hard chairs.  Beer on tap at the bar.Ray's, I thank you^3 for always making my belly happy.OH, and if you haven't tried this place, GO NOW!
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,8/16/2014,14,131,2,15,5>All I can say is, wow, Woodbridge. I mean, wow. Every now and again I browse Yelp listings to see if there are any diamonds in the rough that I simply must try. Fusion Nails & Spa received such glowing reviews that I was lured away from my usual spot on a Wednesday evening to experience it for myself. So glad I did!I was a 7pm walk-in (they close at 8) and after picking my cruise-ready color from a WALL (no really, a ton) of OPI polishes was taken back to a private pedi room right away by Lynn, who would be my pedicurist. No row of pedi chairs under glaring fluorescent lighting at Fusion! The room was quiet and nicely decorated with a comfy chair, table with magazines and a lamp and a brighter floor lamp pointed at my piggies (which I will disclose, needed a lot of lovin'). Lynn immediately went to get me a plate of fresh sliced oranges and a small cupcake and bottle of water. They have teas, wine, etc if you'd like which I think really sets them apart from other nail salons in the area. It's the little things!Once Lynn began to work on prepping my feet she handed me a "menu" of all their pedi services to select which one I'd like to try that evening. There are a lot of options and I decided on the European Spa Pedi to give my calluses a work out and also try a nice scrub, paraffin dip, hot towel treatment, etc. During past pedicures at other salons I find myself reading magazines or perusing my phone while the work gets done but this was different. I carried on a lovely conversation with Lynn and got to know quite a bit about her during my hour-long treatment. I even came armed with my tablet, thinking that I'd get some work done but it sat nestled in its sleeve the entire time. A first, for sure and while I know some of you may enjoy chat-less pedi sessions, I didn't find that our conversation interfered with the relaxing nature of the evening one iota :)She was thorough without being rough, efficient without rushing, and just an all around great pedicurist. She got my feet cruise-ready in just about an hour and I felt wonderful upon leaving. Logistics: Appts not required...credit cards accepted (tips are cash only)...parking abundant. Bottom line: I don't make it out for pedicures as much as I used to pre-kids (they are a rare treat these days) but I can say with certainty that I will be coming back to Fusion and will recommend them to anyone and everyone looking for a classy, comfortable salon experience. Keep it up, Fusion! Woodbridge has long-needed a salon like you around :)
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,8/15/2014,118,133,7,9,7>Honestly I am thai food lover. Literally I always go eat thai almost every weekend or every other weekend. I would always suggest this and that for that whenever my friends want to go eat. I decided to try this place since I heard many great reviews on it. This located in Tysons area so it was definitely hard to get here for dinner. We stuck in traffic for like 20 minutes from the exit to the parking garage. Yes they have parking garage but it is not big so finding a parking can be a big problem. The restaurant itself located on first floor but you have to walk outside then turn right at the corner and keep walking down. The place is kind of hidden in the back, I was lost at first since the sign was small and high so I couldn't find it or even notice it. Like always I ordered thai ice tea, pad thai and my boyfriend decided to order roasted ducks for the first time since he wanted to try something new. The food came here pretty quick and it looked delicious. I definitely didn't like the thai tea much since it was kind of too sweet for me. The pad thai flavor was just right but portion was a little too small. The price is 10.95 for shrimp pad thai so it was decent for that. the roasted ducks was definitely the best plate. The sauce with the rice was a plus. It was sooooo good where we had to ask for another bowl of rice for two of us (free of chargeeeee, a BIG plus). The decoration inside was something different and i would say its a little high class for a thai restaurant which I like it, different atmosphere. The service was excellent, the servers kept coming back to check on us and even told us to take our time to eat and if we need anything. The boss ( I think since he was wearing a suit) came to check on us and asked how was our day and such. I would definitely recommend this place for anyone want to try thai food..... I would definitely come back to try other thai dishes rather just pad thai again. I wouldn't order the thai ice tea though if you don't like sweet. I need to try their mango sticky rice.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,8/14/2014,8,86,25,7,6>I just wanted a hot dog. That's all. Just a little snack before dinner since I had burned a lot of calories. A nosh, if you will. But I hadn't been here before. So I asked them to put their best foot forward and give me ONE thing from their menu that they thought I would like. What I got was an annoyed girlfriend, a jealous puppy, and a ticked off future mother in law, because this place gave me a MASSIVE sandwich of Italian beef and Italian sausage combined with provolone and hot peppers, all dipped in gravy and oozing flavor, aroma, and heart attack. Ruined my appetite for dinner and the puppy will probably never speak to me again (I ate that meat monster right in front of him...I could read his dog mind: "If I wasn't domesticated, I'd bite your face off and eat that sandwich out of your torn-open belly"). Holy crap is that Italian Combo sammich good. I hear they also have hot dogs. I might be hungry again by Thursday.p.s. This is the girlfriend.  The reviewer left his account open so I am editing with impunity. Just to clarify, I was not "annoyed," I was jealous. The massive sandwich looked and smelled delicious and I was offered nary a bite.  And my Mom wasn't ticked, she just doesn't like Bobby.p.p.s. Really, nobody does.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,8/13/2014,81,159,6,12,7>Could this be my new replacement for Vinh Kee and Miu Kee?!?  Better flavor, same prices, and better ambiance!This restaurant is very new (about 4 months old), so I'm actually surprised to see so many reviews on Yelp already.  When my parents were there on Sunday for lunch, they were the only table there, and when they got take out that same evening, there was nobody in the restaurant at all.I was told that the owner used to cook at Fortune Restaurant, but based on the dishes I tried (shrimp with cashew nuts, and beef chow foon), the quality is much better here.  My husband and I consider ourselves beef chow foon connessieurs (even served it at our wedding), and this is now my favorite place for beef chow foon in northern Virginia.  The noodles weren't as dark (i.e., drowning in soy sauce) as in other places, but it was flavor packed.  Maybe they compensated with extra oil?  Try it out yourself!As a final note, the restaurant is not decorated like a fancy pants restaurant, but it is definitely 5 steps above your average Chinese restaurant.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,8/12/2014,12,56,6,7,3>I'm just a 20-something girl whose closet consists of mainly casual t-shirts and jeans with too many holes in them. I recently got a job that required me to wear a white blouse and black knee length skirt to work. I was freaking out that I wouldn't be able to find the outfit without spending an arm and a leg before my start date. My coworker suggested that I stopped by Unique because she said they have a very large selection of clothes. I was reluctant but figured I didn't have much to lose so I went with her one afternoon. We spent 30 minutes and found myself a very professional looking white blouse and black skirt for $10 and with a 25% off coupon I ended up having only to pay $8!!!! What a bargain!!!! Needless to say, I was a very happy girl and I showed up to my new job looking all nice and fancy....and nobody knew I got my outfit at a thrift store ;)  My only problem with this store is that they do not have changing rooms :l
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,8/11/2014,167,251,4,6,3>Totally worth the hype!  Affordable, delicious, no-frills authentic Mediterranean food and fusion food.  Service was fast and efficient.  You order at the counter so it's not the most romantic of spots, but it's convenient and simple.I got the lamb shank which was hefty and flavorful.  Loved the spicy chickpeas (although, really it's not that spicy) and the steamed vegetables were too flavorful to just be described as "steamed".  My fiance ordered the Astor burger which was a steal for the amount of flavor and juiciness packed into that sirloin burger.  He upgraded to the meal and I was pleasantly surprised by how crispy the fries were!  They seemed like they were double-fried!The menu is extensive and you will definitely find something to whet your appetite.  I have heard the pizzas are great and I really want to try the vegetarian plate next time I come back because it looks like a ton of food and a lot of great variety.  Can't wait for my next visit!
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2014,8/10/2014,210,261,5,6,3>Teds Bulletin is a refreshing change to the restaurant community at Reston Town Center.  It is located where the old Pizzeria Unos used to be on Market St. Washingtonian Magazine and the local papers have been all the rave about this place for months, and since I was eager to try it,  didnt want to wait  for a seat,  I did some research and found that they do take dinner reservations up till 6:15 pm and after 8:30 PM.  My bff and I opted for a 6:15pm reservation on a random Wednesday night and were seated promptly upon arrival. The first thing I noticed about this place is the 1930-1940's decor.  Clean lines, minimalist yet comfortable settings offering booths, tables and a bar, however none were overdone or underdone. The setting goes well with the menu, which had me super excited upon reading it.  First off the menu is provided to you in the form of a daily newspaper.  All the courses and descriptions are neatly listed and easy to read. Breakfast is served all day (yay) too!  My eyeballs nearly popped out my head when I saw menu items such as "adult milkshakes" and "homemade pop tarts". Have I died and gone to heaven?  Anyhow I wasn't able to try the milkshake this time, so I ordered the Country Fried steak with sides of potatoes and gravy, creme corn and macaroni and cheese.    The Country friend steak was delicious, just the right amount of steak to breading ratio.  The mash potatoes and gravy were creamy and delicious, same as the mac and cheese.  I was however a little disappointed by the creme corn.  It just wasn't as sweet or creamy as I was hoping and the one thing about the meal I think could've  been better. The BFF ordered  the Short Rib Sammy, which was huge.  It came on really thick buttery grilled bread and was filled incredibly tender rib meat totally drenched in sweet and tart tasting sauce.  I stole a few bites and was blown away by it.  It was served with these huge onion rings, which were nicely breaded and not sloppy.  If I had to do it over again, I think I would've skipped my plate and ordered hers....my country fried steak was good, but that Sammy was bomb.com!Since I ate most of my plate and half of the BFF's, I didn't have room for dessert.  Clearly I did not let that stop me.  So I ordered a few pop tarts to go.  I figured I could have them for breakfast then next am.  I was even nice and brought my office mate one.  I got the brown sugar cinnamon one for myself and gave her the strawberry one.  I walked in the office and immediately called into a meeting.  10 minutes later I get off my call and go to ask her for a bite and see she ate it all and didn't save me a bite!  So I opened my and ate it, and immediately understood why.  It was delicious.  Teds Bulletin is a welcome and refreshing addition to Reston Town Center, and my friends and I will be back to indulge in the deliciousness!
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,8/9/2014,50,340,3,7,6>LOVE! LOVE! LOVE!It's really hard for me to love a sushi place THIS MUCH when Matsu in Centreville is the bar for great quality sushi. After a friend recommended Sushi Prince and gave their creative rolls great accolades, I knew I had to give it a try.On Friday, I called for Saturday 6 pm reservations (highly recommended, this place is tiny!) without any issues. They warned that your whole party must arrive by 6:15 or you have to forfeit your table. Got it.When you arrive you have to duck or bow a little to get through the door. There's a bamboo shade that covers the top 1/3 of the door. Maybe it forces you to bow?The staff was super friendly and this place was quaint but cute. The ceiling is covered in pretty parasols. Once we got the menu, we were overwhelmed! There were SO many choices and they were all so creative. We each decided to try an appetizer and a roll, and then we all shared.I got the dragon taco to start - I love tacos and I love eel, and was intrigued by the addition of salsa and sour cream. I personally could have done without the cream, I thought they overdid it, but the rest of was good. I probably won't get it again but it was cool to try. My geisha roll was  crab, cucumber, avocado, and panko flakes with spicy tuna on top. OMG. The quality of this roll was superb and the sushi just melted in my mouth. I also tasted my friends' Bloody Mary and 007 rolls and they were both phenomenal as well. We all agreed we'd have to come back to try the other rolls. There are so many other rolls and apps we'd love to try.Thanks to my friend J for recommending this place. I'm so psyched to find a fantastic sushi place closer to my home! Heck, it's near work - I foresee more takeout from here :)
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,8/8/2014,49,118,6,7,4>Okay so, I'm a total snob when it comes to burgers. I point blank NEVER order them at restaurants and the only time I eat them is when my boyfriend or my dad make them at home because they are burger masters.Our friend told us that we HAD to go to Melt and basically forced us to wake up early (1 PM on a SUNDAY) and we made the long trek out to Leesburg. At first impression I was not happy because there were no tables and it was too cold to sit outside, not like we could anyway because a huge family took all the seats from the other table. Luckily we found enough places to sit at the counter. They should just go ahead and make the shops next door move to the vacant shops so that they can expand.Anyway, it was too early to understand the chaos I was reading on the menu so I decided to just order my burger with all the things I like on it. I just got a cheeseburger with onions, mushrooms, lettuce, and mayo. I was so sleepy that I forgot to ask for bacon, like an idiot (WHO EATS A BURGER WITHOUT BACON?!).  But when they plopped down that tray of giant burger with delicious crunchy onion rings, bacon didn't matter quite as much at that point. I will have to concede that it was the best burger I have ever had. I feel like a traitor because my boyfriend makes smoked applewood bison burgers during football season and they are kind of an orgasm in the mouth but this burger trumped that. I will be back someday to try the other ones on the menu. The onion rings were pretty good...not the best I've ever had but not inadequate by any means. They came with a spicy ketchup that I really liked. The fries were pretty good too but again, not the greatest. The smoked chipotle sauce was fantastic with both. I loved that they offered birch beer, it's so hard to find otherwise. My absolute favorite thing about this place though was on the top left corner of the menu it says "great coffee- GO TO STARBUCKS." I died laughing.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2014,8/6/2014,127,433,4,4,5>Great park for families and parties. Kind of hard to find so gmap the address here which takes you to the entrance. Follow the signs to the picnic area and there is a big free parking lot by the raised train tracks. There is a four mile loop for hiking and running and biking, with tons of smaller offshoot trails. Up the hill by the parking lot is a bunch of picnic areas you can rent and a small marina with paddle boats. No alcohol allowed in the picnic areas but lots of grills and tables everywhere. Even a carousel for the kids. A great sort of hidden spot in northern va that isn't too far from civilization.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,5/5/2014,168,231,4,14,9>Paradise Springs is perfection for many reasons. Not only does it host bragging rights as the closest winery to DC, it is also the first winery in Fairfax County. It is located just 25 minutes from the city, and the drive in and through Clifton is so beautiful. Everything is scenic and you feel like you are transported further out of the city than you truly are. Not to mention, Hemlock Overlook and trails are literally right next to the winery, so you can reward yourself with some wine after a long run (as I've done before, and it is a wonderful experience), or walk it off after you've had a glass or two.The wine tastings are a great way to experience the wonderful flavors Paradise Springs has to offer. There are also a lot of delicious noms here, or you could bring your own food if you plan in advance! There are always great deals and events going on, so it's a good idea to check the website out for further information and plan in advance with a group or a spontaneous stop-in can be just as rewarding!You will appreciate the views, the cozy feel, and the wonderfully warm employees!
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,5/4/2014,190,502,5,7,6>Over time it has been made clear to me that places like this are all about creating a personal relationship between the store and the customer. That being said, Lenkersdorfer doesn't give their sales associates a commission to help ease the sales pressure and promote the sales folks to talk freely with everyone and work on forging those long term relationships. Over the years I've talked to pretty much everyone who works at this store and while for the most part they have been knowledgeable about the products and friendly (my wife had a negative experience once), I hit it off with Ali. Ali is incredibly warm and welcoming, and is a die hard watch aficionado. We hit it off years ago, but it took me the passage of those years to fully appreciate not only how good (and patient) a salesman he is, but also just how decent a person he is always looking to go the extra mile to strengthen what became a friendship. Always the guy to ask how the family is once he gets to know you, never forgets your name, and always plays the friend card way before the salesman one. So this review is for Ali, I highly recommend him. I also encourage you to take your time and talk to everyone until you find the right fit. That relationship makes the hunt a fun team effort when you're on the same page.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,5/4/2014,190,502,5,7,6>Over time it has been made clear to me that places like this are all about creating a personal relationship between the store and the customer. That being said, Lenkersdorfer doesn't give their sales associates a commission to help ease the sales pressure and promote the sales folks to talk freely with everyone and work on forging those long term relationships. Over the years I've talked to pretty much everyone who works at this store and while for the most part they have been knowledgeable about the products and friendly (my wife had a negative experience once), I hit it off with Ali. Ali is incredibly warm and welcoming, and is a die hard watch aficionado. We hit it off years ago, but it took me the passage of those years to fully appreciate not only how good (and patient) a salesman he is, but also just how decent a person he is always looking to go the extra mile to strengthen what became a friendship. Always the guy to ask how the family is once he gets to know you, never forgets your name, and always plays the friend card way before the salesman one. So this review is for Ali, I highly recommend him. I also encourage you to take your time and talk to everyone until you find the right fit. That relationship makes the hunt a fun team effort when you're on the same page.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,5/2/2014,589,308,11,13,10>If patience is a virtue that you are practicing, do not come here.  The parking lot alone will drive you to drink and cause you to drop F bombs, when you are a Sunday School teacher.This is an Asian supermarket however they attract a very diverse crowd as they have managed to turn this grocery store into a shopping center: eyeglass center, makeup store, place for knickknacks, food court-type eateries.  Just too much going on in one place. Hence the crowd.The seafood is always fresh as you can smell it as soon as you walk in the store.  Actually, sometimes, its too fresh from me to even stomach.  Produce is always a winner here.  The prices are what they SHOULD be and there is always plenty of whatever you need.  Why can't Giant order their produce from the same place as Lotte Plaza??Aside from produce, they have all the Indian sweets that I love. LP is truly a global market.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,5/1/2014,30,128,5,14,6>Romantic weekend getaway from my boyfriend, the best boyfriend ever!! How many ways can I thank Dr. Sheila Johnson for  The Salamander?1.  Incredible service by everyone: bellmen, valet, front desk, housekeeping, bar and Harriman's staff. Ask for Freddie at Harriman's. He is incredible and genuine. Knows his menu and great recommendations.2.  Beautifully appointed rooms: amenties, solid doors (it speaks of the quality), soundproofing (no noise even though hotel was 100% occupied during the weekend), linens, great bed, soft and warm colors and decor.3.  Nice fitness room and large sauna. Very clean facility.4.  Excellent homemade Bloody Mary mix. Makes a difference. Individually stuffed blue cheese olives. That also makes a difference. Killer White Russian too!5.  Homemade scones for turndown service. 2 per person!! We made the mistake of not getting turn down service the first night. Shame on us. Bed turned down perfectly, slippers and little linen mat next to each side of the bed.6.  Smart TV. Naturally, I'm not that smart when it comes to this but got the hang of it after drinking champagne.7.  Firepits.8.  Board games: Monopoloy, Scrabble in one of the beautiful rooms off the lobby. Not just regular board games but fancy ones made of wood- very nice.I am sorry but I just HAVE to comment on one of the quips a reviewer made that made me cringe!! They had kids and went to Harriman's, where she was put out that there were not any crayons or kids menus to color. So she seemed put out that the waiter asked the kids to stop writing all over the menus. Where are HER manners? Tell your kids to stop damaging the menus, whic were very expensive. Bring your own crayons and coloring books. Or go to TGIF.Ok...what would I change? Let me think of one thing and i have to search on this one. 1.  Would have preferred a stronger and more direct shower head force. This one sprayed wide and not too strong. Oooh....had to dig deep for that one!Beautiful resort. Wish them well. They deserve it.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,4/30/2014,58,65,10,21,9>If you're from VA, you've probably heard a million and one people either tell you about 1) Toki Underground in the District or 2) the only other option to Toki which is Ren's Ramen in Wheaton, Maryland (ew, Maryland).But Hark! Alas! I have finally found an absolutely delicious Ramen joint in Annandale (so you know it's legit)! Tanpopo Ramen House... If you make the life changing decision to venture to this suburb of Food Heaven, let me give you some pro-tips. When you show up to Tanpopo, you'll think you've been given the wrong directions. Then you'll proceed to look up this Yelp listing again. Recheck the street number (go ahead... we'll wait (it's at the top of the sliding door) ) and then you'll suck it up and either leave or go into what you think is a mislabeled restaurant called AJ's. You walk in - suddenly realizing this tiny ass building in a mini-mall with a handful of unmatched stores ranging from some overly empowering hair salon to what I think was a thrift store... and just past that thrift store, you'll begin to hear the ramen angels playing oh so softly on their chopstick violins. Run, don't walk, into this humble noodle abode and breathe deeply that smell that only a well-made ramen broth can produce. Sit, look through their nearly 10+ ramen options. Note the many extras you can add to them. Realize that "Extreme spicy #3" is  not intended for people who prefer to use their tongue again in the next 5 hours. Order. Be fed. Ramen.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,4/29/2014,105,146,7,5,3>A great value Afghan/Middle Eastern place near my condo and the Clarendon/Courthouse neighborhoods. I've been here about 5 times since I moved to DC and every time has been splendiferous. Usually the man and I split the meat lovers value or the shepherd's platter with plenty of meat and veggie choices to choose from. So far my favorite dishes have been:-spinach-chick pea curry-the lamb "meatballs"-lamb curry-basically anything that starts with the letter "M" and ends with "EAT"If Ron Swanson had his ethnic restaurant choice, I'd be willing to bet he'd love Afghan Kabob House.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,4/28/2014,19,93,3,6,6>I am a bit conflicted on how to review Restaurant Eve.  My wife and I are not usually great 'foodies' in chasing down destination restaurants with celebrity chefs.  But when we asked a friend for a recommendation for a special place for a birthday dinner, she immediately pointed us here.  Our only previous experience with dining at this exhalted level was eating at Volt a few years ago.I will say up front that each piece of the evening's experience was delightful.  The entrance to the restaurant is through a small tunnel into an interior courtyard.  Lit with small lamps, it set an ambiance for the night!  We were welcomed warmly and throughout the evening the service was top notch...attentive without being obtrusive, removing plates promptly, but never rushing.The interior is quietly elegant...almost a bit Spartan.  Tables are set nicely apart and the noise level was quite low.  All of this focused the diner's attention on the food and each other!The food, of course, is what it is all about.  For a special occasion and, as I said, rarely venturing into this rarified dining atmosphere, we opted for the Tasting Menu and I added the wine pairings (and shared with my wife.)First we had a complementary small appetizer from the chef.  It was a duck pate' that was so creamy it was almost like chocolate.  A really remarkable beginning.Next came a jumbo seared scallop.  Scallops are my wife's favorite, but I am generally not a huge fan as they are so difficult to prepare well and their own flavor is often overwhelmed by the bacon, sause, or whatever.  This was in a category all by itself.  I have never had a scallop prepared to absolute perfection, seared without burning, warm inside without being cooked rubbery, and the light seasoning enhanced the flavor without masking it.This was followed by a seared tuna, that, again, was quite amazing (though I was not quite as blown away as I was by the scallop.)  Again, seared without burning and kept the interior almost raw.  Flavorful!Then we had a partridge dish.  This, I will say, was very nicely done and delicious, but, really, I am sad to say that it was, a bird, and, to me, was pretty much chicken.Then on to the lamb.  Wow!  It was very, very rare...which might have worried me slightly elsewhere, though I love my lamb pink.  But here it just worked!  Again, a very light seasoning allowed the subtle young lamb (no mutton this!) flavor to be savored!Finally  the desert was a chocolate/hazelnut concoction that I have a hard time describing, save that it was utterly melt-in-your-mouth creamy deliciousness.Each of the courses was paired with a wine.  Each was very nice, my favority being the Ken Forester Renegade that went with the (Partridge?)  But, here I will say that I was notably less impressed with the wines and pairings than I was during my Volt experience.  Each was very nice...just that...none that really grabbed me with that feeling of 'perfection.'They recommend two to three hours for the tasting menu and we were there on the order of two and a half hours.  The time went quickly as we appreciated each course and wine.The evening was not cheap, of course!  But for a special occasion I would definitely consider it value for the money!  For anyone in search of a very special evening, this is, indeed, a destination!
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,4/27/2014,86,120,1,7,5>Impressive! Very well-organized with everything you might need for your baby or toddler. I mean, everything! Looking for a Maclaren or Britax stroller? They have it! A lavender Moby wrap? They have it! Playsets for your yard? That too! Adorable brand-name baby, toddler, and children's shoes organized by size? Yes indeed! I love that they scale the price down by date, and that all of that information is clearly marked on the price tag. In addition, they have clearance racks for clothes where everything is being sold at the lowest of the three prices because it has been in the store for several months - some items were less than $1! Note that these are mostly nicer brands like Baby Gap and Hanna Andersson. They also sell children's clothing up to size 16, I believe, but it seems that the selection gets less robust after size 8/10. They have, for example, a party dress section, a hair accessories section, a pregnancy and nursing books section, hats organized by gender, and a nice selection of quality Children's books, toys, new blankets and towels in unopened packages, bottle warmers...the list goes on. They also have one room that is a boutique with new items....that's not what I came for, but they seemed to have some nice things - personalization services were available. The parking situation can be bad on the weekend...there is a gymnastics studio and a martial arts place for children nearby, and it looks like the parents just camp out there all day. I would look for parking in the back of the building near the store...they have a back door. My advice: check it out!
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,4/26/2014,167,251,3,11,6>Soju Sarang is like a mix between a Japanese and a Korean restaurant.  We tried the $35.99 sashimi combo that everyone was raving about on Yelp.  It is a ridiculous amount of food.  The slices of fish are very generous and thick and the amount of banchan (side dishes) served is crazy.  We received a hot green pancake, steamed egg, kimchi, japchae (clear chewy noodles with veggies), fish and potatoes in a sweet sauce, soybean sprouts, congee, a fish soup with duk (chewy rice cakes), a full slender grilled fish, asparagus with mushrooms, and a bunch of other small side dishes that I can't remember.  You could also use either the gochujiang (Korean red pepper paste) or wasabi/soy sauce to eat the fish with over rice and seaweed.  They also served lettuce and sesame seed oil if you like to eat your fish with either of those.I noticed that the tables around us had ordered what seemed to be other combos and they came with different banchan!  I was so surprised and I wonder just how many different types of banchan they keep on stock each day!  It's crazy.  I have to admit, like some of the other Yelpers, that there was a little bit of a language barrier.  But, if you know what to order, this place is delicious and I promise you that you will not leave with an empty stomach!  If you are a fan of both Japanese and Korean food, this is the perfect place for you!
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2013,2/3/2014,966,3217,5,13,8>East Ocean finally opened this past week. I hit the place up for some Chinese food to go for dinner this evening. As per my usual - trying out a new Chinese place - I ordered my Chinese Trinity: Hot & Sour soup, fried spring rolls (with a side of House Chinese mustard), and Kung Pao Chicken (extra spicy). I called my order in ahead of time - I was told 10 minutes.I arrived a few minutes later and picked up my order.- Hot & Sour soup was spicier than I was expecting - but it was excellent! Some of the best that I've had;- The House Chinese mustard was potent! I was coughing and hacking from the nasal head rush it provided! I've not had Chinese mustard like this in a long time! Here's to hoping they don't ruin it and water it down due to complaints from wimpish individuals!- The spring rolls were average - crispy and cooked perfectly, but nothing to distinguish them from any other spring rolls;- The Kung Pao chicken was excellent! Not loaded down with a bunch of filler vegetables like some places. Chicken, peanuts, and chiles in a spicy brown Kung Pao sauce!Cons:- They left out the crunchy fried noodles for the Hot & Sour soup- While it did not affect the quality of the food - the owners of this business neglected to have someone proof their menus:The Dining in menu has on the front cover - a glaring spelling error: "Dinning Menu" (See attached pic - should read as "Dining menu").The to go menu has a couple of spelling errors on the front cover:"We accept major credit card" (they accept MC, VISA, Discover, and Amex - it should read as "We accept major credit cards")."No personal CHECK please" (should read as "No personal checks please") (see attached pic).They do offer delivery - I believe they stated within a 3 mile radius.Overall, food was excellent! I will be frequenting East Ocean again in the future!
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2013,2/2/2014,88,223,5,5,5>This place was hopping on the last Friday night of restaurant week and I can totally understand why!  The food is a-freaking-mazing!  Just order anything, it will be delicious, I swear.  Ummmm, but get the duck.  This chef knows just what to do to a bird.  Our server was divine.  He explained the menu to us and answered even the, dare I say it.... stupidest questions with sincerity and patience.  Seriously, read, "so, are any of these plates seafood?"  I swear.  The server was a saint.  He graciously selected appropriate wines for our entrees and was very attentive without ever being condescending.  Yeah, I know that servers aren't supposed to be condescending, but then why are so many of them precisely so?  So, why not a full five?  I couldn't hear my date.  Although in retrospect, that doesn't appear to have been a bad thing, but you get where I am going with this.  If you can't hear your date over the din of other diners, how can it be a romantic experience?  Maybe if you snag one of the tables outside?  Maybe it isn't as busy during the week?  I don't know, but I'll find out!  I'm definitely coming back for the amazing food and spectacular service!PS - the menu here for restaurant week is precisely the same as it is on any other day, just at a reduced rate.  The menu is always pre fixe.   Kinda cool, right?  Oh, and this is my 100th review!!!  So happy to review a great restaurant like Bastille for this auspicious occasion :)
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,2/1/2014,48,219,2,3,3>It took me over a year to finally visit this Bolivian eatery in person, and I totally forgot to order another salteña. The fiancée asked me to update my review after I did an epic meal time with two of their $9 lunch deals yesterday. I started with the single trancapecho special which was actually two whole sandwiches layered with silpancho, rice, potatoes, pico de gallo, and a fried egg. I finished with the second special which I sort of forgot about already as the food coma had set in; some saucy chicken and potatoes with rice... tasted healthy. Lots of bang for your buck.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,1/31/2014,137,1286,,5,2>I enjoyed lunch here as the food was made to order and very fresh.  You will likely have a wait for your food.  It is worth it though as you will get something just made.  They do need to improve on accuracy of menu listings and prices though. The take out menus have lower prices than what you will be charged.  I am assuming they just need to update their menus.  For example, sodas are listed at 1.20 on the take out menu but will ring up at 1.75.  So you may want to confirm prices when ordering.  Also, the menu has misspellings and does not accurately describe things.  You may be surprised by what you end up with or to find ingredients that you didn't think were in the dish (because they are not listed) and ingredients missing that are listed on the menu.  I highly recommend the stuffed Afghani raviolis....forgot what they were called.  They are one of the appetizers and I think it was leeks in pasta with meat sauce.  YUM!  I also recommend the lamb kabob here. They have a reward program here just enter your phone number in the machine at the front.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2013,1/30/2014,81,108,5,6,7>My review is based primarily on customer service at the bar and beer selection.  Omg, it's so amazing to have a little local watering hole within stumbling distance of our new home.  We love getting into beer discussions with Spencer and Adonis. They always have cool new stuff on tap, and usually a hearty offering of local breweries as well.  Very very cool for this sleepy little town.As someone else mentioned, seems to be a great bar scene and a fun place to hang out with fellow locals.  As a bonus, our resident Muppet Duo (our goldendoodles Enzo and Atlas) are welcome on the patio so that usually makes for a fun night.  Food has always been decent, I really enjoyed the Mediterranean appetizer sampler and the Southern Salad with blackened chicken is going to be a staple of my diet.  Their fries are hand-cut and seasoned nicely, and their pizzas are PDT (pretty damned tasty) - although the white pizza is our favorite.  Where they earned legendary cred in our book was one random night we stopped by and got into a conversation with Spencer about the mythical Hopslam, a beer by Bell's Brewery that is pretty hard to come by (not as hard as Pliny the Elder mind you, which I somehow managed to track down for our one-year wedding anniversary cuz duh I'm the best wife ever), but still pretty hard.  Spencer got this look on his face and said.. yeah I think we had that here before.  My husband and I glanced at each other and started laughing, shrugging him off in his obvious ridiculousness.  Minutes later, he emerges with a bottle in his hand and two glass snifters... we slowly turn around only to see that he has a bottle of nothing other than HOPSLAM in his hands.  Jaws agape, we sit speechless as he brings it tableside and proceeds to pour it into our glasses.  It's all we can do not to shed a tear as we sip it and absorb all of its hoppy, velvety goodness.  Several minutes after this insane event, Adonis walks out to our table and spouts "Who got my Hopslam?!" all of us laughing as he tells us he just happened to have a few left from a case he had managed to obtain earlier in the year.  We thanked him and told him how amazingly awesome it was to be able to have experienced this beer at his establishment.  And that's how the night we got to taste Hopslam will forever go down in infamy as one of the coolest (randomest) ever, all courtesy of the Beautiful South.  Never doubt your local bartender.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,1/29/2014,138,158,,10,6>EatBar is Arlington's hidden treasure.  After driving by so many times, the BF and I decided to finally get some grub.  Luckily, we came right at the cusp of Happy Hour, which I believe is from 4 to 7pm.  We got all the HH specials - a glass of wine, 2 beers, $3 mini burgers and 1/2 price chicken wings.  The mini burgers packed a punch! I was not expecting so much flavor from tiny sliders.  We got one truffle and one traditional.  The truffle burger was amazing! I like some shaved truffles on my polenta as much as the next girl, but sometimes it can too overwhelming.  This burger had the perfect amount of truffle essence.  We also opted for the honey mustard wings which came perfectly crispy, but not oily, covered in a coarse grain mustard sauce. Yum!  Last but not least, I have to get some charcuterie! We got a few of their cheeses, including goat, blue, and manchego, and the cardamom salami.  The waitress really knew her cheeses, so ask for recommendations! I was not a big fan of the cardamom salami because I wanted more meat for my cheese! Overall, EatBar is a great place - modern, trendy, yet intimate enough for date night.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2013,1/28/2014,31,349,,12,5>I have nothing bad to say about this place. Everything we ordered was delicious. The servers were nice and friendly. The chef even came out from behind the counter and played his saxophone. LUCKY!We ordered several things and everything was great. The food tasted fresh. We had miso soup, seaweed salad, sushi and sashimi. My favorite sushi roll was the Vegas roll.This place is very small and can get packed very quickly. Be sure to make reservations when coming on the weekend.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,1/27/2014,20,131,,12,4>Disclaimer (sorry), but I don't like the dentist. I used to go to a very small, 2 seat office, with that dental office smell, and no windows...but not here! From the moment you walk in, you could be walking into a spa. The receptionists are all smiling, everyone is wonderful and friendly, I've always been offered a cup of water if I have to wait more than 2 minutes.They send out reminder texts and emails- and all you have to do is click to confirm.They're located right off the orange line, so it's extremely convenient if you metro into the office. Additionally, there's a small parking garage, where you could park if you drive.All the equipment is modern, high tech stuff. (ie. no more drooling since the suction thing just sits there awaiting your saliva and super fast xrays (all on the computer)). Lots of windows allow for sunlight, so you don't feel like you're in the middle of a closet. They provide sun glasses, so your not blinded by the light.I've had great teeth cleaning experiences here by different hygienists. All were great.On your way out, they even give you a goody bag-- travel size floss, toothpaste, and mouth rinse- oh so appreciated for traveling.I always recommend this dentist to my coworkers/friends who move into the area.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,1/26/2014,39,26,12,11,9>You lookin' for some crappy food and terrible beer? Well I got news for you pal... Green Turtle is right next door! I've been to Mussel Bar a couple of times and all 12 times I had quite an enjoyable experience. Their mussels were absolutely amazing, which I was not expecting based on the name. The first time I strutted through those doors I was with my brother (yeah, my brother, what of it, we make a cute couple so back off) and we ordered a half order of Spicy Thai mussels and a half order of the Wild Mushroom Mussels. I know what you're thinking "Mushrooms? Gross dude that's totally nasty." Well, shut up! They were amazing but they had some amazingly awesome chunks of bacon in the sauce too. BACON: It does your taste buds good.  I enjoyed both dishes but if I was to choose between the two I'd go with the Spicy Thai - they were amazing and I'm pretty sure I dipped about 33 loaves (loafs?) of bread in the left over sauce. Now let's talk about the beer - they have a wide variety of it there. The first beer I had was an exotic Bud Light, it really got my mouth raring to go for more beer. After Bud Light I decided to get crazy and order some of the other beers. I had a number of them and they were all great and all had names that I was told and can totally remember but I want to leave some mystery in my Yelp review. The setup of the place is pretty sweet and the bar area has some awesome TVs - not a stupid amount cause it's not a sports bar, but 3-5ish and they are quality. The place is a little pricy for my poor self but I will definitely go back to celebrate things like the Browns first win of the year (which will likely occur next season).
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2013,1/25/2014,153,102,4,9,7>I'm not sure if I have reviewed this place... if not, I'm not sure why I haven't. Pho Sate is officially my favorite Pho place to go to. THEY TAKE CARD NOW! For those of you who have gone to Pho Sate , know that they used to be cash only and you know when you really want Pho Sate you beg borrow or go to an ATM. Pho Sate never disappoints. The broth always has so much flavor even without the sate sauce. I actually usually don't put it in my pho and just dip my meat in the sauce..shhh. The H3 noodles are delicious as well. Sometimes I can't decide which one to get....The H3 has no broth but plenty of flavor. Its sweet with beef and pineapples in it. So good I wish they were open 24/7.I'll think I'll go tomorrow.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,1/14/2014,498,437,2,8,4>#70 This is why YELP is so awesome! I honestly would have never found this place had I not attended a CMYE (Yelp Event) here about 5 months ago. And now? It's my go to spot for Ethiopian food! Ive been back at least 5 times already. I almost can't believe I haven't written a review for it yet. So the deliciousness: Appetizers: - Kantisha- which is their braised mix mushrooms in a house mild tomato based sauce. I loved it. But if you're looking for an accurate description it really tastes strangely familiar to the mushroom spaghetti sauce that I make. -Asaroll- Salmon/ risotto ball and probably one of my favorites for the appetizers. -Sambusa- I would go for it if you're a big potato fan. I am not so the mushy texture was not to my liking. BUT the puff pastry it was in was light and crumbly. That was pretty good. Entrees: - Derek Tibs: Cured steak mixed with jalapenos and garlic and tomatoes. Delicious. - Cubed Fish: Which was essentially filet fish mixed in their red tomato based sauce with their pepper spices. - All their veggies are amazingly cooked: collard greens, cabbage, lentils, alll a must have. Dessert: -Tiramisu- totally weird to have tiramisu at an Ethiopian restuarant but I liked it! I paired this with their spanish wine and was definitely a happy ending! Thank you YELP (specifically Kimberly S. ;)) for introducing this place to me. It has a special place in my heart!
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2013,1/13/2014,53,115,3,5,5>This winery is gorgeous. Rustic yet modern and elegant. I love how long and spacious the bar area is, making it easy to host several groups at a time for wine tastings. Our group's wine educator was very knowledgeable and you can sense his ardor and enthusiasm for each and every wine. He made it fun! And most importantly (for me at least), he spoke quickly loll...I don't like standing around for too long.I liked a few of the wines in the tasting, but didn't completely fall in love. However, Paradise Springs has a Port wine called SWAGGER (NOT part of the tasting) that was delicious! I guess I like it cause it's sweet, but it's infused with brandy and I felt fancy schmancy drinking it. It's higher in alcohol content but lovely and easy to drink. Pricey at $39 but it's one that I would continue to repurchase. I do wish they would waive the $10 tasting fee for customers who purchase bottles though.The property has a lot of picnic tables and a few umbrella-patio tables right outside the building. My friends and I brought snacks with us and had a picnic outside. It was so nice and relaxing and I had such a great time. The place is large enough and casual enough to have a party even. And I know firsthand because my wonderful, loving and thoughtful friends surprised me here for my birthday. They are the best! For now, I don't feel the need to drive beyond Clifton to enjoy some good wine with good company =)
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,1/12/2014,190,399,7,9,10>Lord help me... we keep discovering these amazing places on Yelp; I'm going to be broke and 500 pounds soon.  Delia's is aiding in abeding in both of those charges!My friend found Delia's on her Yelp app and suggested we dine there before heading into the National Harbor to celebrate a few birthdays!  We made the reservation for 6pm but due to traffic on 66 we were running a bit late.  I called the restaurant, notified them and they were more than accommodating to move our reservation out a little bit.We arrived, we sat, and we were immediately greeted by our server.  After ordering a few glasses of wine, we asked the server his thoughts on which appetizers' were the best.  Everything he suggested sounded amazing, but shellfish based.  One of our diners has a shellfish allergy, so we opted for the Gyritos and the Halloumi Crostini.The food...We were brought a basket of pita and butter. This wasn't your ordinary run of the mill butter; this was a roasted red pepper butter that we decided had a bit of smoked paprika.  Wonderful.The Gyritos were quite unique.  Think of a gyro and a taquito having little gyritos!  Gyro meat mixed with feta, wrapped in a corn tortilla, fried then drizzled with a balsamic glaze.  All this yumminess is then served with taziki sauce. These were fantastic but a tad bit greasier than I wanted them to be. The Halloumi Crostini was phenomenal!  Crostini with melted Halloumi cheese topped with apricot preserves and mint.  These, in one word, delish!!  Each of these appetizers' came in three's, which worked well since there were three of us!We ordered a 10" white prosciutto wood fire pizza to split.  The crust was crispy on the outside and hot and chewy on the inside.  There wasn't a lot of cheese, but the prosciutto was salty and crispy and delicious.  I love that it was topped with greens also!The desserts were literally life changing.Each of us ordered a different dessert... mainly so we could try different ones!!   I ordered the Chocolate Truffle, OMG... I thought I died and went to heaven, and I don't even like chocolate that much.  Sabayon cream surrounded by chocolate gelato, dusted with coco powder, to die for.One friend ordered a Lemoncello Truffle; I had to admit I liked this one more than the chocolate.  Lemoncello surrounded by lemon gelato and dusted with meringue sprinkles.  This may be one of the most refreshing things I have ever had.  Do yourself a favor and order one, hell, order two. Another one of us had the Crème Brule, which was good and I would probably rave about it much more if I were not comparing it to those truffles.I can't wait to go back to Delia's!!  I hear the entrees are really good and since we were so stuffed from the appetizers' and pizza I didn't want to over do it.I don't know the name of our server Saturday night but he was unbelievable.  Better service could not be had.  He was right on top of all of our requests, drinks and empty plates.  I wish I could get this type of service everywhere I go!!
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2013,1/11/2014,225,575,,10,8>My buddies and I took the A-town plunge on a recent Friday night.  Despite the long line we were able to swiftly get inside.  Decided to sit outside to converse, smoke hookah, drink corona's, and of course EAT!  The burgers were HUGE!  Half pound size.  Cooked as requested with all the essentials, e.g. bacon, cheese, lettuce, tomato.  Best of all A-town uses a unique toasted bun providing crunchiness on the outside and softness on the inside.  Our patio server responded to our requests swiftly.Yet at 1AM, the patio scene was a bit hectic as we were ordered to close our tabs and go inside due to noise ordinance.  From that point forward we experienced the JAM PACKED dance floor.  The crowd was diverse but with mostly folks in their 20's.  We enjoyed the blend of old and new school hip hop beats.  The relaxed dress code was nice as well.  I'd definitely come back to A-town to chill and relax on the patio.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/25/2013,1/10/2014,273,378,5,13,7>Update: The food is a solid 5, especially for the 'burbs, but the service needs improvement. Using elementary schools' rating system, I would grade them O for food and N for service. Last time my fiance and I came on a summer afternoon, it was a quiet time of the day and our server was attentive and polite.This time around, I got a guy who seemed to be recovering from a really bad hangover. It's okay to have a hangover, which causes most people to be rather slow and, well, out of it, but it's no excuse for being lazy. After dropping my mother's coffee spoon, he pointed to me and goes, "If she's not going to use her spoon [for her green tea], can you use hers?" Seriously? How can you be so indolent? A professional server would have gladly offered to get my mom another spoon, and never even suggested what he did, though I may never even touch mine.Then our food came and the circus continued. Granted the table was a bit small, but the server who delivered the stuff started freaking out and hoped we'd take control of the situation. "Uhhh, where do you want me to put this?" Ummm, rearrange it how you see fit and let us enjoy our dining experience. It really shouldn't have been our problem, and it was worsened when he left with, "You're cool? Ok," before I even had a chance to respond and was still holding on to the bread basket which he failed to either relieve me of or find a way to place on the table.Seeing that I was unhappy and hearing me say that I wanted to speak to the manager, one of the more senior staff stopped by to check on me then sent the manager out to talk to me. I appreciate those gestures but everything felt somewhat insincere and not too apologetic. While that may be my false impression, the two servers mentioned above really made my lunch less relaxing and enjoyable.Ford's Fish Shack isn't a complete loss, though. The food is soooo good. I loved my cornflake-crusted brioche French toast. It was very, very, very delicious and somewhat creative. The potato coins that accompanied this dish were also tasty and just the right consistency. My mom loved her angry mussels, and said she would definitely order it again.She also approved of the fish wings and jicama slaw.Such a shame that all that flavorful food had to be overshadowed by less than desirable service. I would return but I may get spitballs in my food...Anyway, go for the food and hope that service has improved by the time you do.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2013,1/9/2014,122,406,5,8,10>Dear Yelp - thank you for contributing to my expanding waistline! This weekend you introduced me to The Pie Gourmet. I was in the area and decided to stop in based on all the great Yelp reviews. I was certainly not steered wrong in this instance. The store is small, but they offer a very good selection of sweet and savory pies as well as cheesecakes and quiche. There is no seating in the store.The pies are displayed in a glass case and the first thing I noticed when entering the store was a small strawberry rhubarb pie staring out of the case right at me. This is one of my all time favorite pies and not easy to find so obviously I bought this pie to take home with me. While a small pie, this was substantial and heavy, definitely not your everyday grocery bakery pie, but something much better.What can I say....light flaky crust, perfect combination of sweet and tart, big chunks of fruit. This pie was delicious. Customer service was great - friendly helpful people working here. The price for the pie was perhaps a bit high if compared to what you would pay in a grocery store, but the quality of the pie was top notch! I will definitely be back - I am a big fan of chicken pot pie as well so can't wait to try that one.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2013,1/8/2014,232,240,9,11,10>I was a little hesitant to come here when I got asked by a friend. I'm really not a huge fan of sports bars. My theory is that the more televisions in the bar, the lower the quality of drinks it will have. For the most part this is true...it's also true to the quality of people. Blackfinn really isn't the exception to this rule either. The herd of frat boys clogging up a good portion of the bar, sporting neon pink wife beaters and chugging Buds fit my expectation of the place pretty perfectly. Thank goodness for the segregated dining room is all I can say!Because I refuse to waste money on cocktails at sports bars, I opted for beer. Although the selection at Blackfinn presents itself at first glance as very substantial, it will transform quickly to beyond limited if you're like me and love wheat beers. There are only about 5 peppered among the huge list of hoppy beers. Sad...kind of a fail. At least they have my faithful backups: Blue Moon and Shocktop. They never fail to please. :)The food menu is very VERY large. Scary large. Like Cheesecake Factory had a baby with Outback and they gave that baby to Olive Garden. Nuts. Surprisingly, however, from the things I had, the kitchen knows how to pull it off. For an appetizer my guest and I order the blacked brie. It sounded so interesting that we just couldn't pass it up. Honestly, it was great. It could have been a little warmer, so it would have stayed runny a lot longer than 5 minutes. Beside that, the flavor was pleasing. Creamy brie, bitter blackening seasoning, buttery crustini (which didn't break my teeth!), and sweet cranberry "chutney". For a sports bar, that appetizer lands high on my list of favorites.The entrees were also very well prepared and flavorful. My haddock was flaky but not dry, and I really enjoyed the sweet and peppery apple glaze that accompanied it. My side of mashed sweet potato was also pretty good. For my preference I would have pressed it through a fine mesh strainer just to smooth it out a little more, but other than that I was happy with it. My guest really enjoyed the meatloaf, and the taste I had of it was really good. Even though it was wrapped in bacon and looked like it was around 3/4lb of ground beef, the loaf was actually quite light. I imagine it had a lot of eggs beaten into it and was a bit over mixed, two supposed meatloaf no-nos, but I really liked what it did to it. It was like a meat souffle. Blackfinn was a nice surprise. If I ever need to compromise with a friend who insists on having a television in front of them while they drink, this will be my go to. At the very least I'll have a decent meal.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,1/7/2014,52,114,6,11,6>Growing up in Falls Church I've always been a big mall rat. Tysons is certainly the best mall in the area. It's #13 largest mall in the US and there's plenty to busy yourself with. Since the renovation, it's added a stadium AMC theater which is wonderful (yet at the same time super annoying when it comes to mall traffic and parking). If you can make it to the mall during a weekday it's quite pleasant. If you're trying to go on a weekend, or heaven forbid a holiday weekend, good luck trying to find parking. My insider tip is to park in the Bloomingdale's garage which almost always has plentiful spaces. When I worked at LLBean I parked there and never had issues...even at Christmas. Lots of food options including a Chipotle, Elevation Burger, Panera, McDonalds, and large food court on level 3 near the movie theater which has a Five Guys to name a few. Oh, and the Tysons Santa is the one TRUE Santa...so visit him at Christmas :)
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2013,1/6/2014,7,88,1,3,2>One visit so far.   Two of us for lunch had Spring Rolls, Hunan Beef, and Vermicelli Singapore Style.  It was plenty of food with leftovers.  I loved the way they served the spring rolls.  The duck sauce and mustard were in the same dipping bowl.   Every time we dipped the spring roll, we got a mix of the sweet and tangy sauce with hot mustard.  After all these years eating Chinese, I never mixed the duck sauce and hot mustard.  Enlightening!! The Hunan beef was really good.  It had a dark and slightly sweet and spicy sauce with fresh broccoli.   My wife tore that dish up.   The Vermicelli Singapore Style was my favorite dish with rice noodles, curry spice, pork, chicken, egg, and green bell peppers.  I will go back for that dish alone.The menu was massive.   I can't wait to try the dim sum and some of the more traditional Chinese dishes.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,1/5/2014,62,229,1,6,3>Lavender Moon is my pick for favorite cupcake place in DC.  They always have plenty of interesting flavors, with different ones available each day.  Every cupcake I have had from here has been moist and soft.  The only complaint I would have is that although the cupcakes and frosting are generally well balanced, occasionally the flavoring of the cake is a little on the subtle side and gets overpowered by the frosting.Baked goods (including cupcakes) are always best eaten fresh, but if, for some reason, you will be buying these and eating them another day, do know that Lavender Moon's will still taste great for at least a day or two, though I feel like the chocolate based ones last better.If you want to be able to pick from a wide variety of cupcakes you should visit earlier in the day - go too late and they do run out of things.  At $3 for one or $30 for a dozen, Lavender Moon's cupcakes are a bit pricey for baked goods but about what you would expect for high end cupcakes.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,4/15/2013,141,195,5,7,5>Anyone who knows me knows THIS is my place for peruvian chicken.  I have loved them for about 15 years lol.  I love everything about them! The seasoning blend, their homemade authentic salsa, even the fries  lol.  Their green sauce isn't spicy like others and it is how I judge all other sauces.  I even got in a fight with the other half this week because he ate it all lol.Unfortunately, I had THE WORST time ever trying to place an order via telephone this week.  I speak Spanish and even told him my order in both English and Spanish....it was still messed up lol.  It was admittedly one of the dumbest phone conversations of my life.  I have to take a star away because they should simply let someone else on staff answer the phone now.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2013,4/14/2013,168,346,4,8,5>We stumbled upon this place after looking for a quick lunch before running a bunch of errands.  It's a small place - a good place for a casual lunch.  We spent a long time staring at the menu before ordering, and the staff were super patient and very, very friendly.  We ordered the crab cake sandwich, the bbq chicken sandwich and sweet potato fries.  The crab cakes were pretty good - lots of big crab chunks and not much filler, which is always a good thing.  I was hoping for just a tad more flavor, but I think that's my fault since I recently had a crab cake from Whole Foods and they are a little heavy handed with the dijon mustard (in my humble opinion).  The bbq chicken sandwich was also satisfying - didn't realize that it was a shredded chicken sandwich, but that made it even better.  But the star of the lunch were the sweet potato fries.  I don't think I've EVER had a better sweet potato fry.  I'd go there just for those damn fries that I ate way too many of.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2012,4/13/2013,96,439,4,5,3>Yes, I've had 'real' seafood bought straight outta the water before, and it's fresh and delicious. And yes, Joe's Crab Shack is a chain and I've normally not reviewed and/or been really tough about how much I dislike chain food.But you know what? Joe's Crab Shack is absolutely amazingly delicious, and this location pleases time and time again with great service and quality. We've made it a Christmas Eve tradition to go here as a family the last few years, and I hope it's one that keeps on coming. I go here two or three other times a year and almost always get the Sam Adams Steampot -- lobster claws, snow crab, clams, potatoes, andouille sausage and corn on the cob. Our most recent visit also involved hushpuppies (the best ANYWHERE) and a calamari appetizer (very good, like still with the visible tentacles and all, not just some frozen, crusty, over-battered rings).You might remember I did a Red Lobster review lately where I straight up dropped the bomb about how bad that place is. Joe's is just the opposite. Immediate seating, fast and friendly service, and amazingly good quality seafood for the price. Tasty, well-seasoned, perfectly cooked and a good value. I remember not even being able to find a sliver of meat in my crab legs and Red Lobster, but the ones at Joe's made me audibly say, "Oohhhhh" out loud when I cracked the legs open because I discovered such meaty chunks.There are some bad, nitpicky reviews on here for Joe's. I don't get it. Maybe these folks have very particular ways they expect seafood. I've had it many different ways from many different places, and to me Joe's is second only to buying it from the pier in North Carolina and grilling it myself.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,4/12/2013,66,170,2,4,4>I've been seeing (ha!) Dr. Moore for a long, long time.  She is the best eye doctor I have ever had.  Patient, thorough, helpful.  The staff is pretty nice too.Prices of glasses and contacts are comparable. I've worked with Michelle, the contact lens specialist, for many moons too.  She is always friendly and has helped me more than once when I needed to order a box of contacts in a hurry.  She taught my son how to wear contacts when he first got them.    My whole family goes to this eye care center and none of us have ever had any problems.  The center has all of the latest gizmos and gadgets too, such as a machine that takes photos of the retina, making it unnecessary to have those pupil-dilating drops.  I personally hate those drops, because they make me unable to drive or see clearly for about five hours afterwards.  Dr. Moore's machine is a god-send!
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/18/2013,4/11/2013,418,262,9,12,11>I love empanadas, including the ones you eat at 2 A.M. from Julia's after a night of dancing.  If it's stuffed with protein and fried, I'll eat it, with pleasure.  Now, enter its long-distance cousin, the saltena.  What is a saltena, you ask?  Imagine pot pie (chicken or beef) fillings inside a thick, semi-sweet, and flaky shell.  Essentially, a baked empanada that hails from Bolivia.  When I was finished Wikipedia'ing this, drool had already settled into the crevices of my keyboard.  Immediately, I Yelped for the nearest Bolivian bakery/restaurant and Pan American Bakery & Grill was the winner.  Or, so I thought.Food:This place has a cafeteria look, but I do not mind that because from past experiences, such no-frills establishments produce the best foods.  Pan American is known for their large grilled meats platters.  As Hilvic Ryan N. mentions, each can serve two fat people or three skinny people -- true that.  I was here mostly for the saltenas, but my friend and I figured we'd share two entrees as well: tranca pecho and lomo montado.  Clearly, our eyes were bigger than our stomachs.  We started with two saltenas ($2.50 each); one beef and one chicken.  Sweet, flaky shell with juicy, meaty interior.  Good, but a bit messy to eat.  The filling is piping hot, so make sure not to burn your tongue like I did!  A bit of tomatillo salsa adds nice tanginess to each bite.  Sadly, I still prefer the empanada because I like it consistently savory flavor profile and its drier filling.  My friend, however, prefers the saltena, so I would suggest trying it for yourself to determine your preference. As for entrees, I opted for the tranca pecho sandwich because it was described as a flat steak sandwich with eggs, fries, salad, and rice.  I thought it was a steak and egg sandwich with some fries, salad, and rice on the side.  No, it was everything I mentioned between two slices of thick/dense/dry bread.  I really had no idea how to attack this thing.  The ratio of carbohydrates to protein was overwhelming and quite honestly, I am just not a fan of eating rice as a sandwich filling.  Considering the sandwich was the size of my head, I sliced it in half, removed a lot of the bread and rice, doused the meat with some ketchup and hot sauce, and went to town.  It was a lot better than left as is, but still one of the worst sandwiches I've ever eaten.  I am a lifetime member of the Clean Plates Club, so leaving the other sandwich half uneaten should tell you much.  My friend ordered the lomo montado, which was a platter of grilled steak on top of fries with a side of rice.  The steak is also topped with two fried eggs and pico de gallo.  Compared to my entree, the lomo montado was like scallops and truffle risotto.  As a standalone dish, however, I'd say it was good, but nothing I'd return for because although the steak was seasoned and grilled (medium by default) decently, the rest of the ingredients were plain.  The fries, which were also present in my sandwich, were clearly the frozen and bagged kind.Drinks:I had read about their mocochinchi juice, which is basically dried peach, cinnamon, sugar, and water.  We thought it was very sweet and forgettable, but the true reason for ordering it was we wanted to say the name: mocochinchi, mocochinchi, mocochinchi.  (Update: According to a recent episode of "Bizarre Foods", "mocochinchi" means "booger juice".  No joke.)Conclusion:From the good, but limited reviews, I entered this restaurant with high expectations.  Sadly, I was disappointed about the entrees.  Their glass-enclosed baked goods section is very appealing: single-serving napoleons, tres leches cakes, tiramisu, French horns, cheese bread, and scones to name a few.  For that, I would return for strictly to-go baked goods.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,4/7/2013,77,138,1,5,5>Update:  Raised my rating.I was promptly contacted regarding the iberico and offered a replacement.  Much appreciated and it's good to know management cares enough to do so!3.5 starsCheesetique has the best selection of cheeses out of any gourmet store in the area.  5 stars just for cheese.  they are able to carry the more expensive/obscure ones that a lot of other gourmet stores can't afford to stock.  And theyre always willing to cut whatever size you want.  When the Shirlington location opened last year, I was shopping on average 3-4 times a aweek there.  I can attest to the high quality of their cheeses as I've had many different kinds.   In my opinion, the wine selection could use work.  In a pinch, it'll do but I'd always choose Curious Grape over Cheesetique for wine purchases.   But I do think the store's size and focus on cheese are limitations.  Their service is consistently outstanding.  On to the food.  I can't recall anything being amazing but i do have to say that their Iberico de bellotta was bad compared to La Fromagerie's. Disclaimer: I've only had IDB from 2 places, a small restaurant in Borough Market in London and from La Fromagerie.  Both places were consistent with each other.  The IDB at Cheesetique was really salty. I ordered this once while dining there as an add on to the charcuterie board and wasted it.  And given the price, that hurt me a little.  Maybe someone can educate me on if there are 2 types of iberico de bellota but I'm pretty sure they are priced the same at both Cheesetique and La Fromagerie.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,4/6/2013,222,447,4,11,4>After annual visits the usual doctor's office environment, I decided to try something different.  I wanted to feel like my provider really cared about my health and well being...so I decided to give Birthcare a chance.  I was a little apprehensive at first because I didn't know if they just focused on pregnant women or women that are trying to get pregnant.  When I called for an appointment, the receptionist assured me that they do regular annual check ups.When I arrived, there were couches everywhere and toys for kids to play.  It really didn't look like a typical doctor's office.  I think they do this to make people feel comfortable.  This facility is run by nurse practioners instead of regular doctors.  I walked up to the desk, checked in, and filled out my paperwork.  The receptionist informed me that I had to take and record my own blood pressure with the machine.  I was shocked by this and began to get a little nervous because I never did this on my own.  She also told me to take and record my own height and weight.  I didn't really like this at first, but after I thought about it later, it made me feel like I was taking control of my own health.  This is a great feeling!I met with a nurse practioner who was kind, professional, and generally had a warm feeling about her.  We had a conversation about my health, and I didn't feel rushed.  She did my exam and filled my prescription.  She informed me that because they are nurses, they do not perform surgeries...of course.  She said that they can refer doctors if the need ever came up...(which is totally fine with me).  Although it would be nice to find a one stop shop to my health, I really don't think that place exists.  Birthcare & Women's Health may not be a doctor's office, but if you are like me and lack motivation for the regular doctor's visits...this may be your place.4 Stars!
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,4/5/2013,84,1122,3,4,5>Fri and back to Airfare for lunch.Smiling Emily told me about the Vichyssoise soup. ir's made with puree leeks, onions, potatoes, cream and chicken stock.; it was delicious.There are so many great choices on the menu so it's a challenge deciding at times.Kyle said he was down to his last crab cake, so...that was all I needed...had to have it.Kyle always makes you feel so welcome. He had created a nice small bowl of chipolte sauce and some home made potato chips...wow, it was very tasty.The meal was delicious! The crab cake was prepared like a sandwich, it was filled with fresh lump crab and was very good.You can tell Kyle really likes to create and experiment. Today he had complimentary bread pudding, it was fabulous.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,4/4/2013,100,447,3,12,4>Columbia Pike has a smattering of pretty good but rather small Asian grocery stores from the Pentagon all the way down to Falls Church.  This one is my favorite in South Arlington for its convenience, selection of Thai and SE Asian items, and especially the prepared foods section.  You may have to scrutinize the shelves, but so far I've found everything I've needed 2 times I've recently gone, including Chianking black vinegar, agar agar (although only the long stranded type; I can make it into a powder though), wild-caught cleaned small squid, Thai fried chili paste, fresh choy sum... in the brands that I want.  The restaurant they own next door is really good but "restaurant food," some of it rather typical; the prepared foods in the market are homestyle and harder-to-find Thai comfort foods.  The hot section has the freshest stuff, with the sign above it saying that newly prepared food is put out every 4 hours (by an older Thai lady).  Then they have a few refrigerated cases/coolers with lots more food to go, including items that carry over from the hot section.  A big table in the middle of the area has lots of room temperature items, including desserts and beer snacks.  Just about everything is in pretty large, ample portions for about 6-7 bucks each (maximum).It's pretty hard to narrow down what I want; last time I picked 4 things and it fed the 2 of us for a week for under $30:- Roast duck larb - with sauce (and some minced giblets) mixed in; cabbage, chili pepper, mint, and lime to shred and/or add yourself- Thai beef tendon stew - the broth was like the flavor of floating market soup, with spicy chili sauce and Chinese celery- Fried pork with spicy fish sauce and sticky rice (my favorite)- Spicy Thai basil crispy fish - like jerky, for those who like it fishyI also got a huge container of salted crispy fried broad beans and a smaller container of crunchy sesame peanuts.  And I'm never able to resist trying a bag of chips I've not tried before...last time it was the Thai version of Lays potato chips, in hot & spicy crab (spicy and fishy) and hot chili squid (spicy, sweet, more subtle).  Seems like I notice new items every time I go that always make me buy them on a whim.I foresee myself working my way through everything they've got on offer... definitely will make room in my basket for one of the curries next time, and noodle dishes, and yen ta fo soup...and sausages...and...
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,4/3/2013,234,142,8,6,6>Do you like little cutesy things that you probably will never use except to revel in adorable childlike behavior all day and everyday? Yep- go here.I own a cheeseburger shaped pillow here, many little sanrio items that can't be ignored such as a Keroppi mini trash can and a Hello Kitty stationary set, and back in 2001 when every little asian girl carried around a planner-  i totally had one from here too!The only downside was they stopped carrying naruto costume items which I badly needed for an anime-themed party i was going to. (sigh, did i just make myself sound like a huge nerd or what?!) either way, this place is super cute and they have a cutesy photo booth!(Perhaps you've by now noticed my overuse of the word 'cutesy' but that is certainly the perfect way to describe this store. OMG SO CUTE!)
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,11/25/2012,487,282,1,11,4>Went here on date for the first time, who knew Stafford had such a jewel! Too bad it is hidden in a non-descript shopping plaza off route 1. People may not know of it yet, but I have a sneaking suspicion word will travel and this will be the place to bring your parents out for special occassions or that significant other you want to impress.You walk in and feel as if you are dining a secret ritzy Italian restaurant in New York City that only the elite are privy to know exists. The prices on the menu are reasonable for the quality of ingridients and variety the owner has to offer. The owner himself is authentic and boisterous. He makes you feel like you are the best customer he has ever had and dotes on you throughout your visit. Will comment more later.OVERALLFOOD: Exceptionally authentic with classics and one-of-a-kind itemsPRICE:You get what you pay for, fresh ingridients, flavorful meals that leave you satisfied in more ways than oneATMOSPHERE: Intimate yet laid-back enough to be casually not out of place
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,11/24/2012,966,3217,,9,5>Hmmm, it's been a few years since I've updated my review for El Vaquero West. As I had dinner there last night with friends - now is a good time as any for an update.First of all - this place always seems to be busy! You might have to wait a few minutes for a table - but be patient. The folks here are friendly and the food is good.By no means have I even come close to sampling everything on the menu. I typically order the Double Burrito or the Fajitas - both are so damn good. Before your meal comes out - they'll bring you a basket of chips and their salsa in a little pitcher/vessel and you can dole out salsa into the salsa dipping bowl as you see fit. They also have a lightly spicy cheese dip - not quite a con queso sauce - but still tasty. The salsa is not very spicy - at least it is not spicy according to my palate - but then again I love really spicy food.So I'm usually adding a good bit of bottled hot sauce to my Burrito to up the heat level. Everyone in our party of five enjoyed their meal last night. One of my friends is Vegetarian - and she loved her Vegetarian Fajita!Very filling, you will most likely walk out of here full!I love El Vaquero West!
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2012,11/23/2012,110,193,13,13,5>In my opinion, there's probably three moments in your life when you want to break down in tears of uncontrollable happiness and eternal joy:  the day you get married, the day your child is born, and the day you find out one of your favorite restaurants that was formerly closed is now re-opened.I will be the first to admit that there is a drought of good authentic Chinese restaurants in the Herndon/Sterling/Dulles area.  Furthermore, the ones that did exist like the former Golden King and Fortune....have closed.  So on that fateful day a few years ago when Golden King closed, I was heartbroken.  And when the absolutely terrible Asian buffet opened in its place, my broken heart was then put through a paper shredder.So when I heard last night that, not only had Golden King bought the restaurant location back and re-opened...but that it was now a true authentic Hong Kong style Dimsum restaurant....I nearly fainted.And when I confirmed today during lunch that GK is indeed back in action and serving real dimsum...I had to wipe my tears of unbearable joy from my cheeks.  GK is now comparable to many of the popular dimsum restaurants in the Falls Church or Arlington areas.I ordered all my traditional favorite dishes at GK's dimsum:  ha cao (shrimp dumplings), shrimp crepes, tripe, chicken feet, fried crab claws, pork soup, pineapple buns, taro dumplings, and siu mai (pork dumplings).  All of it was delicious and I'm ecstatic that I now have real dimsum within 10 minutes of my house.GK is the answer to my dreams, and I hope it stays open this way forever.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2012,11/22/2012,129,171,2,5,3>I have lived for many.. many... MANY years on the pike and all that time I never gave this place a second thought.  I wasn't a huge fan of Thai food in general but recently that has changed and nowadays it's become a part of the rotation.   The service is good, the food is probably the best in the area that I've tried, and I'm a big fan of the Chicken Basil noodles here.  For $9.95 I don't think you'll find a better dish at that price either.  Maybe it's because I haven't gone there on the weekends, but during the week it's not very busy at all and really easy to grab a quick meal if you're one of those folks who is consistently busy every evening.  A friend of mine who used to live in Reston used to say that this place was the best Thai in the area... I don't know if I can say that but I can't say he's wrong either.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,10/22/2012,11/21/2012,520,1346,3,9,7>I enjoy Atilla's, both for take-out and dine-in.   It's not fancy, but it's reasonably priced and the food is tasty.  The take-out section is tiny, with only a few tables, plus a few more tables in the adjacent parking lot.  Call ahead is the way to go.   The dining room, which is a separate entrance, is huge, with plenty of tables and a small bar in the back.  Service was friendly both times, though neither evening was especially crowded or busy (each visit was on a Saturday).  However, the customer service in the take-out part is so awful.  Everyone has been extremely rude and unfriendly.I've ordered the chicken kabob wrap, fries, baklava, sigara bourek, and lamb shank, plus tried my companion's entrée of iskender kabob.  The chicken kabob wrap and fries were very good and quite filling.  The baklava was tasty, fresh, and covered with honey syrup instead of straight honey, which made it less sticky.  When dining in, a fluffy pita (almost laffa-like) and olive oil are left on the table, which I enjoyed.  We both had the Turkish red wine, Kavaklidere Yakut, which is paired well with our dishes and is a steal at $6.50.  The sigara bourek were crisp and overflowing with cheese.  I loved my lamb shank, which was quite tender.  It was accompanied with rice, grilled peppers, and eggplant.  My friend's iskender kabob was good, but I preferred my entrée.  Portions are huge and you'll definitely have leftovers, which is a plus.Another great option in my neighborhood always delights me, and Atilla's has great food, but the customer service is so awful that I won't be returning to the carry-out section.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,11/20/2012,88,210,7,5,6>"Lock your door! Roll up the window!", my mother used to yell every time we'd drive past the old Lorton prison when I was a lad.  My mother was apparently under the impression that Lorton housed superpowered master criminals who could leap onto moving cars going 45 miles an hour. Growing up a couple miles away I can fondly recall the nights when the searchlights were up, during a jailbreak, and I'd be forbidden from playing flashlight tag lest I have a Pip moment, and be asked to bring a minced meat pie to a convict who threatened to slit my throat otherwise.Today the cell blocks have been transformed into at least a dozen different studios showcasing artists in practically every medium. It brings to mind the torpedo factory in Alexandria, although the art seems more affordable here, generally speaking.I was disappointed that most of the interiors have been stripped of the prison heritage to create the galleries. At present there is a small museum that glorifies the century of penal magic that once glittered on the site. The docent was extremely passionate about the site, and shared many fascinating anecdotes about the history of what was once one of the nation's most progressive jails, before being turned into a dumping ground for victims of the War on Drugs in DC. The museum contains several exhibits, most interesting being the macabre recreation of a suffragette being force fed by rubber tube through the nose in the 1910's. Turns out many of the women who led the fight for women's suffrage were incarcerated at Lorton after being arrested for picketing in DC. The docent explained there were plans to build a much larger museum in one of the dormitories, but funding had not been acquired yet. Leaving the Art Center, turn right on Furnace Rd and go about 3 quarters of a mile to a boarded up old house in a field on the prison grounds. From there you can access the Cross County Trail, which goes directly beneath a classic barrel vault bridge constructed by inmates to carry the jail's personal railroad to and from the river. The bridge is a beauty (see my picture), and only a hundred yards or so from the parking area, if you're not in the mood for a real hike.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2012,11/19/2012,421,454,7,11,12>We were here on a rainy Sunday afternoon for a community manager's Yelp event.  It was good to meet our NoVA CM, Kimberly V.,  along with other fellow Yelpers.When we got here at 1:30 p.m., we were both quite surprised to see just how crowded it was!  That's a good sign.  If the food was horrible, the place would not have been so busy.  Kimberly had set aside some tables for us Yelpers---which was a good thing!My husband and I each ordered a regular sized bowl of pho ga.  The pho arrived very quickly.  No sooner did I add my aromatics (the basil and bean sprouts were very fresh, by the way) and started eating when I noticed a big puddle of pho broth creeping to the edge of the table.  It was on the verge of landing in my lap due to a crack in the bowl.  Thanks to fellow Yelper, Charles H., for flagging down our waiter!  As Charles said in his review, I was given a fresh bowl of pho.We really liked our pho ga.  The meat was shredded which made eating it easy.   I eyeballed the sriracha sauce and was about to add some, when Kimberly told us to just use the pho sate sauce that was given to each of us.  She did let us know that it was made with chili oil and to go easy with it.  So, I cautiously added some to my pho while my husband got a bit carried away.  He said it was so spicy that it made his eyes water.  However, as he kept eating, he found that the heat diminished.What a good idea Kimberly had when coming up with a place for a CMYE!   We would have never gone out of our way to eat here---which would have been a shame as we woould have missed out on some great pho.  On top of that, we can't complain about the price.  We had water to drink plus the 2 bowls of pho, which came to about $14 before the tip.  In fact, my husband has said that he would like to return some time soon!Thank you, Kimberly!  It was nice meeting you and all the fellow Yelpers who were in attendance!
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2012,11/18/2012,657,1045,21,20,19>"Stop smelling your armpits.""I can't help it.  They smell insane.  Seriously.  Wanna sniff?""No.................well, maybe."{{sniff sniff sniff}}"Wow, your pits *do* smell amazing.""Told you."Verbatim conversation husband and I had a few days after I purchased Herbal Curio's all-natural, Bay Rum scented deodorant.  I LOVE THIS STUFF.  It contains virgin coconut oil, unrefined shea butter, cadelilla wax, cassava starch and vitamin E for starters.  And for $7.50, I consider it a steal not to have cakey, aluminum-riddled deodorant grace my temple.  Plus it *works*.Also picked up a jar of Lemon Mint whitening toothpaste -- again, made from virgin coconut oil, baking soda, and essential oils among other ingredients -- and can't get enough of the delicious, clove-heavy, pumpkin-pie-spice flavor.  The whitening power is ludicrous, too; you can *see* the residue the toothpaste is pulling from your teeth in the sink when you spit.Swing by the West End Farmers Market and support adorable, plucky Megan at Herbal Curio by picking up her all-natural, hand-produced bath and body products.  Her enthusiasm is infectious, and she offers everything from tattoo aftercare balm and milk bath, to mouthwash, moisturizer, and face cleanser.  Not to mention the products are vegan, organic, and *effective*.  (Bonus: she accepts credit card and Square payments.)  Wooooohooooooo!  As good as it gets!
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2012,11/17/2012,246,200,9,9,11>Foiled again by Wonder Woman!!!   No, you're not reading a 1970s comic strip; I actually had lovely golden lowlights and sunlit highlights painted carefully into my mane by Cathleen, the best stylist in the universe.  I happened to luck out and scheduled my appointment on the anniversary of Salon Bleu, wherein I was treated to nosh from Maggiano's like tomato and Calamata olive bruschetta, lemon crescent cookies, and a FREE (yes, you read that right) conditioning treatment from Kerastasse. Along with the celebration came the usual, attentive service of all the salon employees-- Madam, may I bring you another Cappuccino? Madam, may I get you still or sparkling water? Would you like for me to take those empties away and bring you a magazine? This is just the usual pampering not even associated with the anniversary. My process took more than three hours. Lucky me.     My stylist, Cathleen, also was able to put some glorious shine into my tresses by hand painting multi-colored foils! We gals who have blonde hair can attest that even though we allegedly have more fun, we also struggle more to keep our golden locks shimmering and shiny. (the fun comes later!)  But that's why I have Cathleen.  Lucky me.   Afterwards, I pranced around trying on clothes and shaking my luxe locks in the mirror to admire Cathleen's gorgeous tapestry of golden sunlight around the Galleria.    To those who can't find close parking, are deterred by the rain, or just don't like to walk the extra steps to the door, I recommend valet parking right by the entrance.  It's only a few steps to the main entrance, and for $5 it's not so bad.  If you balk at the valet fee, then have a glass of wine or cup of coffee at Cheesecake factory and they will validate your parking and it will be GRATIS!
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2012,11/16/2012,81,108,3,5,3>K. Maybe people around here need to develop a thicker skin.  I certainly thought steeling oneself day in and day out to venture into the death traps that we call roads would be enough to make an individual realize that there is a severe lack of concern for the feelings of one another in Northern Virginia.  If a turn signal is to be considered a sign of weakness and used sparingly as such, then why would someone at a little no-name deli not smiling at you when you order a sandwich twist your panties into an unbearable bunch?  I dunno, in my personal experience I've had the pleasure of witnessing much, much worse customer service in this area (see 9 out of 10 of my other reviews).  I've even had a guy threaten me with a schmear knife cuz I asked him to remove the mayo from my bagel sandwich. Yeah, meditate on that for a moment.At any rate, I've never had terrible service here- and we come at least twice a month.  In fact, everyone's always pretty pleasantly nice (not North Carolina or Southern Hospitality nice, mind you but hey, this isn't really the 'South', this is really just an extension of DC right?).  Once, I'd ordered my 'regular' (turkey & swiss with pickles, lettuce & pesto mayo on a kaiser), and I forgot to ask the lady to make the sandwich 'warm' (or toasted, whatever.. Ooey fricken gooey goodness), and the lady offered to remake the entire sandwich so she could slap the meat on the griddle the second time around.  On a side note- pesto and mayo together? It tastes like something you should only have in Vegas, but someone managed to smuggle it back East.  You should eat every sandwich here with pesto mayo on it.  They also hand-shave all their own meat and their corned beef is among the best I've had.  For whatever reason, Northern Virginia is seriously adverse to breakfast restaurants so the chorizo burrito is a most welcome reprieve.  The corned beef hash is also something worth trying, oh holy hell make some room for that one.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,2/26/2013,253,399,10,10,12>A major shout out to the NoVA Yelp Magician Kimberly V, who's review enchanted the wife and I into trying out this little place.  Here's the quick story: We were on our way to the Killers concert at GMU and hit a ton 'o traffic.  Our original dinner plans were wiped out by the poo poo Fairfax/i-66 traffic, so we needed another viable dinner alternative.Whilst commanding my magical chariot down the Highway of Lee, the wife whipped out her handy dandy too-smart phone and started searching Yelp for nearby places.  Lo and behold she said, "Hey! Kimberly reviewed Thai by Thai!".  Based on Kimberly's review, we decided to stop in to grab some dinner and maybe a tasty beverage to wash away the stress of sitting in so much traffic.Walking into Thai by Thai you'll notice the large menu board listing all of the traditional Thai dishes at this order at-the-front-seat yourself type joint.  Although you place your order at a register, you'll be given a number to carry to your table.  They also serve wine and beer for anyone that's a fan of tasty beverages after a long workday.  Cerveza!I digress...We placed an order for some Thai favorites: Pad Thai, Drunken Noodles and chicken satay.  In less than 5 minutes, a server brought out our chicken satay which was well cooked and decent.  After 5 more minutes, our main entrees brought out piping hot and smelling very delicious.  Upon gazing on my order of Drunken Noodles, I instantly gave Thai by Thai some major props.  The slices of chicken in my Drunken Noodles were large and sliced perfectly; unlike the horrible ground chicken used at some other wanna-be Thai places.The chicken was juicy and fresh, the noodles were cooked to perfection (not cooked to a gooey mess) and the amount of spice and flavor was phenomenal.  Taking a bite of my wife's Pad Thai, her dish was also quite tasty and the noodles were that Thai al-dente you come to expect from a great Thai restaurant.  I'm happy to say that between the great price and the tasty food, we were pleasantly surprised at our Thai by Thai entrees. Geez, I guess you should never doubt the word of THE Kimberly V.  :-)  It's great finding this place, as its one of those nice little places that will save us from our growling stomachs should we once again ever find ourselves stuck in traffic in Fairfax.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,2/25/2013,520,1346,6,13,11>I'm so excited that RedRocks is in my 'hood.  Hue has been raving about them for years, and I haven't had the chance to try them, until now. I attended their soft opening.The inside is nice, a bit dark, but the restaurant is roomy both in the bar and dining areas.  Staff was friendly.  However, there were definitely some service issues last night.  My service was awful (wrong information given; slow, despite that I was one of the only ones dining at the time; server disappeared for long amounts of time) and I did speak the manager, Alex, who was extremely gracious.  I could tell that the other servers were a bit better trained, too, so it might just have been my server.  Additionally, the website is not updated with this location's information.  I also understand that this is the soft opening and there's room for improvements, which is why I'm sticking with four stars.Onto the food: Brussels sprouts were well cooked, still with a bit of crunch, and quite flavorful.  The margherita pizza with smoked mozzarella and artichokes was great (I created my own, though at $3.5 for each of my add-ons, I won't be doing that regularly).  Crisp crust and plenty of cheese and artichokes.  The smoked mozzarella had really great flavor, and totally made the pizza.  Also, the artichokes hearts appear to have been obtained through manual labor, instead of a can, which is appreciated.I have a feeling that happy hour will be great: $3 drafts & house wines, $5 rail liquor, $6 magherita and neopolitan pizzas.No more cheap, greasy takeout pizza for me!
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2013,2/24/2013,657,1045,14,17,15>There is a magical land, not far from here, where the clouds are made of pearlescent Arborio rice.  Wild mushrooms and pancetta recline in meadows of Parmesan.  Lobster and peas ride gondolas along a river of white wine.  The sun (made from butter) is always shining, and the balmy breeze smells of shallots and olive oil.  Accordion music wafts through the air.  *That* film reel is what runs through my head each time I take my first decadent bite of Geranio's claim-to-fame risotto.  The other food is excellent, too, but the risotto takes the prize.Adding to the enjoyment of a meal at Geranio is the ambiance: the dim lighting, exposed brick, stone fireplace, solid farm chairs and wrought iron accents evoke a rustic Tuscan villa.  Service is both professionally unobtrusive and perfectly attentive.  And best of all, price points make Geranio an incredible value.  The bang to buck ratio is impressive.I'd expect nothing less in the Magical Land of Risotto Dreams.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/8/2012,2/23/2013,180,1695,3,4,3>I stumbled across this place, looking for a place to eat off of Route 1.  I was pleasantly surprised. Their lunch buffet, while not extensive, hit the spot.  For $6.99, you get hot buttered naan bread (literally right out of the oven), rice, butter chicken, spicy samosas (too spicy for me, but I loved them mashed up potato fillings!), delicious lentils (I go out of town with that with the naan), chickpeas, and other specialty dishes they have for that day.  You can also get a little styrofoam cup of salad if you request it.  Cans of sodas are an extra, and there's plenty of parking in the plaza lot.  Definitely one of those hole-in-the-wall places, if you're craving for some Indian/Pakistani food, this is the place to get that craving fixed.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2012,2/22/2013,13,29,4,8,4>Not sure where all the negative reviews are from!   This is a new, fun and hip hamburger joint in Lansdowne.    They've probably worked out all the "kinks" as they just opened several weeks ago.   We're really enjoying our vegi burger, hamburgers and salads!   Everything is super yummo!   Love the location!    The price is fair ....   It's not McDonald's fast food... it's a restaurant so you'll have to wait for your hamburger or chicken sandwich to be prepared properly.   We waited about 7 minutes and all of our food came out right to the table.Reminds me of hamburger joints in Seattle... hip music, staff is young... food is yummy... what's not to love?The upside to this restaurant is that they're GREEN!   They use glasses for they're drinks, biodegradable napkins, they recycle everything... AND they're using organic products!!!You "reviewers" need to stop being sooo critical and give a new restaurant a break.   There should be a rule not to report the negative when it's a new restaurant... but rather... make sure you tell a manager directly about the issues you've had.    Give a new business a break!!  I'm sure they've addressed the issues that have been presented below.Com'on Yelpers!    Look at my reviews... .I've tasted horrible food in local restaurants... this one is far better than most.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2013,2/21/2013,167,251,2,3,2>4 stars.Espresso drinks are a bit overpriced but it's conveniently located and the cupcakes are delicious!  Their cupcakes are very moist and I have tried many of them.  My favorites are their chocolate cupcakes as bases--I think it's moister.  The Salted Caramel is ridiculous because there is a lovely surprise of caramel inside, caramel whipped frosting and sea salt on top.  Definitely the best.Red velvet is also good, but you really can't go wrong with red velvet.  German chocolate and boston cream are also good.  Love the selection and would definitely recommend the chocolate cupcakes.  The Dulce De Leche is good but I can't eat too many bites because it really is quite sweet.I have not had any of the other desserts so I cannot speak to the quality of the other desserts.  I always go in meaning to try them but they are so expensive and then I hear the cupcakes calling my name...Also, nice workspace.  They have both tables and couches so it's a nice place to meet up with a friend or get some work done.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,2/20/2013,589,308,,8,3>Welcome to South Riding, Ford's Fish Shack! The wait staff is very attentive; as soon as trash hits the table, someone is there to pick it up. After a while, it became a game to see how fast someone would come to the table after we made a mess. It was very evident that everyone there worked as a team and this caused their Grand Opening to go smoothly. I ordered the corn Chowdah. It comes with a buffalo-like crusted croutons. Very unique flavor that complements the creamy soup. For starters, the corn muffins are yummy and if you are lucky you will spot an actual kernel.We ordered the Grouper (Today's Special) and the Fried basket (oysters and cod).  The grouper was cooked perfectly, but the fried basket was a little high-seasoned.  If you value extra salt, you would be pleased.This place is very small so unless you arrive at opening, expect to have a bit of wait...just like the Ashburn location. Also, because of the size, this is not the ideal place for large groups or intimate settings where you plan to sit and chat for hours.  Overall, I am so excited that FFS is now in South Riding and I am confident this place will stick around for a while.
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,2/19/2013,15,75,6,5,2>Short story: The Signature LED facial was AMAZECAKES holy crap. My skin looks so much brighter and less spotty, and that was just ONE treatment. Jeannie, you're awesome!Long story: I made an appointment to get their Signature LED Facial. Since it was my first facial (stop laughing), so it was 50% off.  But don't think that because the price is cut in half that they do a half-assed job with the facial. You'd be so, so wrong.  Jeannie got me all set up and comfortable - she, btw, is a walking advertisement for the treatments in Pure Aesthetica. Her skin is amazing! The facial started off with a microdermabrasion treatment that was surprisingly gentle and comfortable. Jeannie took her time and was very careful to focus on problem areas, and go gentle on more sensitive skin.  Then came the dreaded extractions, but again, Jeannie was a pro and got the areas around my nose and cheeks cleared out with little pain (I'm a lot rougher on my skin than she was!)  The second part of the treatment was the LED part - you basically lie there with a pair of googles to block out the lights, and take a nap as your face bathes under red LEDs (for about 8 minutes) then blue (12 minutes).  The third part of the treatment was a cooling hydration mask that smelled good enough to eat (cucumber based, with all kinds of good stuff.)  Finally, to end the session, I got a head/neck massage.  Again, Jeannie really took care to 1) do a fantastic job 2) really take time to focus on problem areas (my skin is crap, dudes) 3) explained each step and what each part of the facial will do 4) answer all my questions.  Part of me is sad that this facial turned out so awesome because OMG, I'm gonna have to give up cable so I can add this to my regimen, along with the massages at Pure Aesthetica :)
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,2/18/2013,139,897,2,4,3>I am a long time regular at Bob and Edith's and was surprised that I have not yet written a review for this place.This is a no nonsense neighborhood diner with all the offerings that you would expect from a diner. Like their food and service is friendly and quick. Food is the right amount of greasy - something that will keep you happy but not induce food coma after the meal.Seating can be a pain since there is limited seating, but worth the wait!A tru neighborhood gem.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,2/17/2013,86,120,,4,3>This is our go-to happy hour place, by virtue of its proximity to work and satisfying happy hour specials, 3-7pm. They have $3 rail soda drinks; $3 white wine (Chardonnay) $3 red wine (Merlot), $3 drafts (Stella, etc); $4 Fat Tire. Many choices on their HALF OFF happy hour food menu, including whole meals (burger; chicken tenderloins; grilled chicken sandwich with pepperjack-a personal favorite, which all come with fries), flatbread pizzas, nachos, wings, and at least three mussel dishes, among other things, most of which end up costing less than $5. Even though they often have live jazz near the piano, the bar side tends to be a more casual, jovial crowd. They also have dinner specials..at least on Monday and Tuesday.  Since I have very limited interest in drinking high fructose corn syrup that has been chemically altered to induce heartburn and indigestion (in me at least), I'm not a fan of the soda requirement. It's hard for me to understand how adding a little watered down cranberry drink hurts them, but yea, since they started enforcing that, much of the excitement has waned....but still a good deal...esp if you drink soda, beer, merlot, and/or chardonnay. They have delicious homemade desserts: Godiva mousse cake ($10), NY style cheesecake (never tried it but it looks good), apple pie with cinnamon ice cream ($9), lava cake with molten chocolate ganache ($12?)...I try not to indulge often, since I feel most accomplished when the bill is well under $20. The bar/wait staff is friendly, helpful, and attentive. There are plenty of televisions. It's usually pretty lively but there's usually room for 2-3 people at the bar, and a table or two available. If I had a large group, I would try to arrive early. Note that happy hour is only in the barroom, not the piano room, so if there are no seats available in the barroom, and you request a table in the piano room, you should expect to be ordering off the regular menu.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,2/13/2014,43,199,,7,7>The sis and I came here for lunch after she wanted to try Korean food next door at the Global Food market, then wimped out after she saw the menu.  There are two Indian restaurants right next to each other, and we thought Delhi 6 looked a little bit better from the outside. Apparently, its only been open a month.  We had the buffet, which is always my favorite at Indian restaurants because it allows you to try so many different options. Delhi 6 had about 8 vegetarian dishes for the lunch buffet which was nice. I had the Palak Paneer, Dal Makhani, Chana Masala and some sort of curry dish that I don't remember the name of.  All were wonderfully spiced!  It was a bit more spicy than other Indian restaurants I've been to in the past, but I don't have a complaint about that at all because I love spice!  The Paneer was awesome. I noticed it didn't seem as "crumbly" as other Paneers I've had in the past. It said on their menu that its home made, so maybe that's why. The Dal Makhani was full bodied and buttery. I don't think I've ever had a Dal Makhani so rich in flavor. The sis had chicken marsala along with the dishes I tried, and was happy with her food as well.  The naan was puffy, soft and warm. I wish I could have eaten more, but wasn't able to get one more bite in by the time I left.  Oh, and bonus: for lunch you can get the buffet to go. I don't think I've been to an Indian restaurant with such rich, flavorful spices in every dish I tried.  There was no skimping on flavors here. I will definitely be back here again!
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,2/12/2014,102,67,20,7,7>Why do we choose to sit in a Chinese restaurant instead of just ordering take out?I'll tell you why.Because of House of Dynasty.I've read some of the other reviews about this place and yeah, some are pretty good. Some, eh, so so. Some not so great. But no review will capture the experience of a House of Dynasty visit more accurately and descriptively than this review.I'll paint broad bold mental pictures, on a canvas that will not only draw you into this establishment, but will leave you yearning for more. You'll want to rush right out to taste the sweet delicate flavors from the east, you'll go on-line and purchase a traditional Hanfu, or Chinese clothing. You'll bow to people as a greeting at meetings and soccer events. You'll eat pizza with chop sticks. You'll learn tiger and crane style kung fu. You will be amazed and inspired. You'll rename your children and family pets.You will speak in subtitles.You will grow a long beard. The ladies will giggle shyly beneath paper umbrellas. You will memorize and recite dialog from Big Trouble in Little China at inappropriate moments.You'll grow very long finger nails.You will look at railroads differently.You'll reprogram your cell phone.You'll shrink a few inches.You will speak in riddles and look for fortunes in Oreo cookies.You will be transformed.Ready?The food is really good and the service is excellent.Now go....*SLAMMING MALLET INTO GONG*And avenge my teacher!
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,2/11/2014,404,719,6,9,7>Yay I'm a fan! Mostly because I am a lover and supporter of the arts.The theater itself is very small, so you can't really have a bad seat.  Unless you get sat next to a really fat person.  Well... it's true.  I saw some hefty people squeezing into seats and I was glad their .... spillage ... wasn't interfering with my $27 seat.Also they have snacks in the room to the side and it says $1 donation, which is cool.  But I thought it was robbery to ask for a dollar for a 2oz bottle of water (about 3 sips and its gone) If you are calling it a donation, then make it a donation.  If you put a price on it, then put a price on it.  But your little Costco 2oz waters do not equal one dollar, greedy people.Other than that, I like LToA.  I'm probably not invited back after this review, though... :P
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,2/10/2014,83,246,4,8,7>I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the artisan bread I purchased from Bread and Water. The bread was flavorful combining the sweet taste of fruit into a well textured and hearty  bread. In addition to the high quality of the bread itself, the preheating and storing directions were helpful and allowed me to share the bread with others even after the first few days of purchase. These suggestions and pairing suggestions with oils, etc were provided by the owner who greeted guest at the store's window. I can't wait for this location to fully open as the shelving suggests there may be more products added to the store's line when the inner store front is officially open. At this time only bread and croissants can be purchased at the store's window. I'll re-review the location when the inside portion of the location opens.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,2/9/2014,95,140,,11,5>I came here with my dad last week. Its in a building where there are a few other stores/studios that offer other services. When you walk in, walk up the stairs and the place is on the left. They have it broken up into two rooms. One room is a waiting room, and the other room is where they do the threading. There was two ladies at the time, one behind the counter and one doing the threading.The place is pretty small and simple, nothing fancy. If you want to get a quick threading and you're local this place will meet at your needs. Its 12 bucks for the threading but I had a living social deal so it only cost me 6. Since this place is just down the street from my house I'll definitely be back! They were really friendly and there was no wait or anything.
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,2/8/2014,53,164,7,11,8>This is the single greatest "hole-in-the-wall" I've been to. Tucked away in an otherwise unassuming Kmart shopping center, El Mirador is no doubt overlooked over by many.  If I had to describe it one made up word: absofrakkinlutelyamazing.An El Salvadorian restaurant, the food is phenomenal, with generous portions and a price that makes my wallet smile. The menu's small, though the choices have a bit of variety (mostly through the meats served with the dishes). They've got a good selection of papusa, with the  Papusa Loca being the standout champion. It's easily a meal on its own, filled with meats and cheeses, and it's HUGE. It could easily be a unit of measurement. "Why yes, my child is 9.3 Papusas tall." Best of all? It's cheap, but don't confuse cheap with stingy or low quality. El Mirador doesn't skimp on quality. I'm pretty sure each Papusa Loca has 3.5 weeks worth of calories, and worth every last flavor point.Their burritos are solid, and their chimichangas (easily my favs next to the papusa) are knockouts, huge... well, I'll be honest. I could probably burn through my lexicon of adjectives to describe the food.  It's good. I have nothing but praise. You'll eat here and need a nap shortly after as the food is a warm, satisfying blanket of carbs.In summary: Portions are generous, prices are reasonable, the food is honest, made fresh and made right. Give it a try. It's worth it. Bonus: Ask for a Coke, get a Mexican Coke. Real cane sugar? Heck yeah!
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2013,2/7/2014,84,1122,3,7,6>This place is really bad...in a good way!I was first introduced to their que since they were a vendor at the recent Band, Brews and BBQ event at Old Town Manassas.Great selection with pulled pork, beef brisket and ribs.I had the two meat combo with collard greens and sweet potato fries...all delicious.They have reasonable prices as well.I also got a half rack of ribs to go...a half dozen meaty and tasty ribs...really flavorful.I did take out but I liked the sit down inside, they have a nice bar and an outside patio.The que is exceptional...my only suggestion would be more sauce selections; something on the hotter and spicier side.Looking forward to seeing them come to Battle Street in Old Town Manassas!
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/4/2013,2/6/2014,333,669,4,11,7>My husband and I finally got a chance to stop here on a Saturday afternoon right before the big lunch rush. I ordered the cubano which per the menu: Roast Pork, Smoked Ham, Gruyere,Pickles, Pineapple Mustard, Focaccia. Unfortunately I wanted to ask where's the pork? My sandwich tasted mainly of the pickles and mustard with a hint of pork/ham. Sad was I. :( I was thankful for ordering Nate's fries as a side because those were yummy and I would highly recommend ordering these!My husband ordered the bacon cheeseburger. The bacon cheeseburger is described as: Beef & Bacon Grind, American Cheese,Beer Braised Onions, Island Sauce. The burger was cooked to my husband's specification of medium rare. The burger was juicy and flavor. It did require plenty of napkins afterwards because of how messy it was but according to my husband it was well worth it. The bite I was able to snag made me wish I had changed my order. I would come here again but I would go for the beef.Also I have to note the amount of beer here. There is tons of beer for purchase which I would of had if I hadn't drank the night before. Another thing that has to be noted is there is not much of a soda section. I ended up going with water because there wasn't Coke Zero or even Diet Coke.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,2/5/2014,232,435,8,9,6>The word of the day here at Rockland is Yum! I stepped through the doors and experienced  some excellent customer service. Jamal and the crew hooked me up with the day's special: a heaping plate of beef and pork ribs.  I was immediately struck by the size of their ribs, so prehistorically gigantic that I felt like Fred Flintstone at the drive-thru. Besides their massive size, my ribs were succulent with meat just falling off the bone. With a wide selection of sauces, I was able to customize my rib plate so that it was like having 3 meals in one.I ordered a cold beer and was informed that they were running a special which included 5 BBQ wings with each beer. This was almost as much fun as hitting a surprise check-in offer.The ribs coupled with the wings made for one gut-busting meal that I simply had no chance of finishing. I asked for a carryout box and ordered another beer and soon discovered that they had included my choice of side with my second beer.....Oh. well, if you insist.... Fried Okra Please ;)
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2013,2/4/2014,325,307,15,10,9>Social butterflies, barflies and houseflies all fly to the Northside for the Social, for the roast and for the toast. Need to get wired off the beans while staying wireless on the web? Why, that's the Arlington way, friend. Grab a seat. Pleased with people peepin' while puckering up to a pleasant pinot? Right this way. Why not satisfy that healthy bod with a wholesome snack and follow it up with a little satisfy-the-inner-fat-kid-I-have-a-spilt-­personaility-eating disorder-gimme-the-pastry-now little pick-me-up. Friends, call me latte to the party. But, as I always say, it's better to arrive latte than never (or decaf.) After all these years, I thought I'd check out this little hip parade. Looks like it's always sunny here because, even with sprinkles outside, the house  is still packed. I've driven by often and the weather always reads: occupied with a slight chance of seat vacancy. The vibe quilt here is made up of many fabrics from around the county, the country, the community and the world. It's like a cozy little shack wrapped in a funky vibe quilt that blankets you from the mundane life abound. It's like it beckons you to come in and put your feet up. How lucky are spinach and Vermont cheddar to be sandwiched together in a Honey IPA roll? Damn lucky. Served in ~5 mins, inhaled in 2 mins, fingers licked for at least 30 seconds and washed down with an over-the-counter house coffee. That's more satisfaction than Snickers can provide any day of the week. My inner coffee hipster forgot to come along and somehow missed the cool coffee art that comes free with a side of cappuccino. Shucks! Next time. With one check-in to date, I look forward to my next rendezvous with Mr. Northside.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,8/26/2014,21,130,1,5,5>This is a nice breath of fresh air in an area packed full of American chains, mediocre Chinese, and too many Japanese steakhouses. The food is always exceptional (the lamb kebob plate is to DIE for) and the place is always tidy and seats comfortably. My only complaint about the restaurant side is that the waiters tend to take forever and a day to return to the table for anything. We waited almost 25 minutes one night for him to just come back to take our money, but the food is worth returning. We just know not to go there if we are in a rush. The hookah lounge is mediocre at best; go to Dream Cafe if you want a proper hookah at a better price. Its intimate, very well decorated, but a bit small. Otherwise, its a nice night out close to home. Only complaints are the music...The DJ usually loops the same songs so they last for what seems like an eternity. He also goes from good dance music, to random pop music or ethnic songs, and then back again. Doesnt seem to have too much experience in transition or selection. And the music is usually so loud you cant hear yourself think. Its a small lounge, no need to blow our eardrums out. The only other complaint I have is the drinks. I have ordered a half dozen different cocktails, and they are always too strong and nowhere near tasty enough to forgive how amateur the bartender is. Most are hit or miss, so I stick with beer and mixed drinks I know they cant mess up. Stay away from the cocktail menu and order what you know, and you will be fine. Regardless, I always go back and the missteps are forgivable.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2014,8/25/2014,69,117,4,3,4>Chili, chili, and more chili! Did I mention they make chili? Yes, I read the reviews and had to see for myself. I was greeted by the now famous waitress, Aggie! On a later visit I was served by Jenny who did an excellent job as well. I was offered the brunch buffett. It contained eggs, potatoes, biscuits, chilis, and ingredients for 4/5 way. I am not generally a "Buffett Person", so I passed on it. I sampled the chilis and found the robust flavor of the Terlingua to be the best. I had chili 5 way, taters with chili, and a half order of onion rings. My tea glass never went empty. It never came close. Not once!! The sweet tea is sweetened with sugar, so know this ahead of time. The onion rings are some of the best around. They are freshly cut, rolled in cornbread crumbs, and placed in beer batter. Sounds good, but tastes better! The chili was flavorful and everything was rustic and filling. On your first visit you can try samples of the four different types of chili. Each is unique in its own way. It was interesting to hear about the different types. it was a meal and an education. I cannot say enough about the service. I have had 5 star restaurants pale in comparison to the outstanding service received from Aggie! No nonsense, down home bar food with caring service. Once you go, you'll be back!
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,8/24/2014,79,103,4,4,4>As a recent CA transplant, I've been trying to find good Mexican food. Taco Bamba might help fill that hole in my life. I've only had the cubana but it was awesome. Tons of carnitas between two slices of ham served in a huge bun. Throw in some cheese, lettuce, mayo, and tomatoes and you have an awesome sandwich. The sandwich is huge and will definitely fill you up. The saltiness of the ham plays well off the carnitas and the crunch of the lettuce. Unfortunately, Taco Bamba does not offer California prices as the Cubana was $12 whereas a similar sandwich in the golden state would probably only run $6 to $9. But I will definitely be returning.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2014,8/23/2014,115,75,6,4,4>Crossfit Fairfax is a nice crossfit box. Coming from a really competitive box in Utah (UteCrossfit), I was looking for the same type of box that welcomed you with open arms. I think I found that at CFF. Whats nice about their memberships are that the unlimited version gives you access to the sister box Crossfit Reston as well. This is nice because from what i've seen and heard, Crossfit Reston has a ton of athletes that make it to regionals and even the games in Carson, CA. The one negative I will say is that I wish their "Barbell Club" or "Olympic Lifting" Club was included in the price. Its an extra 100 bucks a month if I read everything correctly. So you're looking at around 275 for a monthly membership. Some BMW car notes don't cost that much. I I'll be going back, and maybe even signing up for a membership in the coming months though!
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,8/22/2014,231,461,6,6,5>I am a fan of Matchbox in general. My trip into this location was not a disappointment. My wife had stopped in here before and brought some pizza home but it wasn't fresh out the over. So, we made it over for lunch one day and ordered up a half fire and smoke and a half fig and balsamic. Oh the fig!!!! I loved it. My wife enjoys the fire and smoke but I am not a fan of the cheese. Just my opinion but the flavor is great. After having that black mission fig that fire and smoke didn't stand a chance. The service in here was really good as well. Our server was super nice and our food was out in a timely manner. Next time I stop in maybe I will try something other than pizza... but it's soooo gooood.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,8/21/2014,56,73,4,7,7>If you like sausage and hot dogs, you'll definitely like this place!I'm a big fan of the "barking tall" wiener. Unfortunately, due to dietary restrictions, I have to modify it a bit. Anyway, it's a spicy sausage with siracha cheese sauce. Yum!My only suggestion is that they should offer gluten free buns, so people who have to eat gluten free (like me) can get more of the Wiener's Circle experience. The guy who runs this place is also very personable and takes pride in his business. I think he also has a catering company. This is a great lunch time spot and worth eating at!
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,8/20/2014,44,188,4,6,6>Chicken Rico, please take me back!Wow.  So the owner must have read my review and reached out to me (it always makes me happy to see owners taking pride in their businesses enough to read and respond to consumer feedback).  He was very apologetic, said they made adjustments based on my feedback, and generously asked me to come back in and give them another shot.  I have to admit, I was a little hesitant, but his apology was sincere and I am all about forgive and forget.  I seriously am glad he did.  I had me some of the best dang chicken I've ever tasted today as a result!I came in and spoke with the manager about the previous incident.  She also apologized for the previous experience and was very nice all around.  She took care of me.  She scooped me up a heaping to-go order of a quarter white chicken, chicken fried rice, and chickpeas.The rice was good and moist.  It had a mix of green onions, chicken and subtle flavors hanging out in the background.  I probably would add a little bit of soy sauce if I had it on hand, but I mixed in a little of the yellow sauce that was in my bag and it worked out pretty well.  Better than the fried rice I've had at most Chinese restaurants in fact.The chickpeas were very good as well, the texture was just right (which seems to be a problem at a lot of places that serve chickpeas) and had the flavor you would find at a lot of middle eastern establishments.  It was very good and I was happy to see it on the side order line; a nice change of pace from your typical Pinto beans or black beans you would normally get at a chicken joint.  I also took note that she scooped it into a leak proof container.  Thank goodness!  :)But the star of this show was the chicken.  It was absolutely perfect.  It was big and juicy. Crisp on the outside, juicy all the way through it's thick thick breast.  The seasoning was definitely there, blackened perfectly (without tasting burnt) but wasn't too salty or overpowering.  I generally don't eat all the skin when I go to a Chicken place because you always hear about how unhealthy it is.... well, there wasn't a scrap of skin left.  It was so good I couldn't hold myself back.  It seems almost crazy for me to say it being a die hard fan of the "other chicken place right down the block that starts with a G".... but the chicken I had today from Chicken Rico was hands down bigger, crispier, and tastier.  I can't believe I just said that, but its true.  I'm sold.  Hey, it's even closer to my office.... so I think I'll be coming here more from now on.Also worth mentioning is the selection of sides is just outstanding.  there was seriously like a dozen choices of sides.  They had a tomato onion mix looking really fresh that I'll probably try next time.Thanks again to the owner and staff of Chicken Rico for going out of their way in restoring my faith in this place.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,8/19/2014,48,87,3,5,3>I'm a fan of Four Sisters in Merrifield, so this is a welcome addition to Clarendon!The menu is simpler and the atmosphere more casual, but the food is just as good!The crispy pork spring rolls are delicious wrapped in lettuce and dipped in fish sauce.The grilled pork rice vermicelli hasn't changed, again, add fish sauce to your liking.Vietnamese iced coffee is always a favorite of mine!  Though not as strong as other places, I'm glad they have it on the menu.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2014,8/18/2014,121,345,2,22,3>I've wanted to stop in here for a long time. I'm really not a foodie - but, all my foodie friends buy here. I came here because ... Dietary issues.Guess who rocks the house? Yeah. Grass fed! Not just the expected beef and pork, but ... Venison, bison, pheasant.i almost fell over. Seriously.  Getting high grade venison in DC is so underground it's like you gotta have a friend with a password slip you a pound at a club.The place is classic butcher shop, run by real men. None of that foolish grocery store nonsense. They know their stuff, too. Complete freezer deals.So, first purchase with a groupon was a couple of filets. Mine was so tender  i barely had to touch it, and it was falling apart. Best steak I've had in years, seriously. Husband wasn't as enthusiastic: more gristle on his. None on mine. No fat on mine.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,8/17/2014,18,254,1,6,5>My manager at work recommended the Los Cuates in Georgetown, so I decided to try out the one in Old Town closer to where I live. I went with my husband and a friend. The place is a little small at first glance, but there are more tables in the back. They were able to seat us quickly given the fact that we came at peak dinner time without a reservation. In order to fit so many people though, the tables were very close together and it was hard to get up to go to the bathroom without bothering the table next to us.The food was very good. I have the sopa de tortilla and chicken empanadas. I could've eaten two orders of those empanadas they were so tasty.
