<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2011,8/16/2011,198,547,,12,9>First of all, if you're reading this I'd like to say I am really sorry that your pet is sick. It's the worst feeling in the world!!Like the reviewer (Amber) stated, they do not pressure you into treatment. On the contrary, they are realistic about the situation and if they don't think anything can be done, they will be frank about it and tell you the truth. I didn't feel like I was pressured into making any rash decisions and their prices are identical if not cheaper than other vets in the area. They were able to keep my cat going for a couple more days but she was terminally ill and in the end they had to put her to sleep. By the second visit, ALL of the staff knew my cat's name and her situation and they all seemed extremely empathetic. Most vets I found on Yelp were unable to see my cat (no joke, they were double booked and wouldn't even talk to me)  I am thankful for this place and for all of their efforts and support.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2011,8/15/2011,109,682,7,8,8>Checked out Good Bites Cafe last weekend for breakfast.  What can I say, it's the epitome of what a hole in the wall is all about, if you blink, you'll miss it but, you'd also be missing out on some good grub!The resto itself is on the smallish side, but is quite charming.  It's deifnitely not your typical Filipino resto, that's for sure.  It's way clean, cute and organized, that has a lot to say about other Filipino restos, doesn't it? Hmm!So, you place your order up at the counter, get your own beverages and pay after you're done.  I ordered the Corned Beef Siliog and helped myself to their coffee, which I love is self serve, because I'm a coffee whore!When we found ourselves a table, we were given some warm flat bread with some hummus.  I was like, huh?  It didn't dawn on me to read the rest of the menu to realize they also offered some Mediterranean food too.  Talk about a random variety but hey, whatever works for them.When our food came out, it was perfectly portioned.  95% of the time, whenever I order a Silog plate, they mess up my egg.  I like my eggs over hard and it was just that, I couldn't be any happier!  My Corned Beef was the good stuff too, not the Mary Kitchen type that comes in a can, this was actual shreds of beef.The service was also super, duper friendly!  Although the coffee was self serve, they still went around and poured coffee. Overall, I liked Good Bites Cafe, if I lived in the neighborhood, it'd definitely be a place I'd walk to every weekend with my hypothetical dog...which BTW they had a water bowl for your four-legged friend if you sat outside.Good food, good vibes, good service...Good Bites Cafe!
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2011,8/14/2011,190,436,5,7,7>lengua burrito = $4.50 taste= AMAZING SAUCE!!! location= has parking and is amazing!!!Palenque is one of those jewels of a restaurant that make you so happy with anticipation of going, standing in line, and masticating. The price is amazing, service is AMAZING, free salsas awesome, and portion:quality:cost ratio PERFECT. I will go here again for their tacos and mexican sandwiches. And I will always know of Palenque as the best place in the peninsula for a lengua burrito. As the friends say: "They have the best cuts of meat out of any other taqueria we've been to" and all for a meal less than $5!!!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,8/13/2011,1324,243,11,21,18>I would give this place a 4.5 stars but I could not down right give it a 5 just because it could be better.This is the second time I went here within a month so I figure I need to write a review about this place.  I have been to so many all you can eat meat place and this place tops my list as one of the best.  The best I had was actually a few years ago in Houston, Texas called Fogo de Chao.But lets get back to this place.  My review will be based on the night I went for my BF birthday dinner.  Making reservation was pleasant.  Very nice and accomodating.  It was on a Saturday nite so it tends to be packed.  So make reservation if you can.It was a very intimate dinner with a few of our very close friends.  They were able to seat us even though our whole party wasn't present.  I like that.  Would be pain in the behind to just wait for one person to all be seated.  The ambience is warm and inviting though a little bit loud. How can you not be given that you are in all you can eat meat heaven.To start out, there is an entree in every table consists of fried bread, fried polenta and friend banana.  Don't eat too much because the best is yet to come.  Let just start out with the salad bar.  This is no ordinary bar.  I mean there are different types of salad.  My two favorites are the mango salad and the black corn salad.  They are absolutely to die for.  But becareful they are fillers.  Once you get seated, that is where the fun begins....There are these gentlemans holding a sword-like with different kinds of meats.  It is a meat galore heaven.  They have different types of grilled beef. pork, chicken and shrimps for the carnivorous in us. They even have chicken hearts. Oh so yummy!  Then there is the grilled pineapple.  I could eat that over and over again.All in all, a wonderful experience in a not so typical all you can eat restaurant.  They are all very nice and courteous.  Fun filled ambience and decor.  So if you are like me "the meat eating meachine this is the place. For those of you are vegetarian, I give you so much prop. But  I don't think you would fork about $50 worth of salad.  Not worth it.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2011,8/12/2011,634,310,6,12,10>The Old Port Lobster Shack isn't the easiest place to find and I wish they had a big sign out front to direct traffic. The best landmark I can say to find this hidden gem is In-N-Out. Once you smell the beef and onions, you know you're in the right area and coming up close to the restaurant. Parking is plentiful, the individual spacing is sufficient, and the lot is clean.After attempting to read all the 818 Yelp reviews, I had to try it myself. As one of the more beautiful weekends in the year so far, I couldn't have picked a better day than today, Saturday April 16 2011, to try out the Old Port Lobster Shack in all it's glory. My wife and I met up with a friend to have some birthday lunch for him at 12:30 PM. We decided to grab a seat outside among the 4 benches with the one closest to SuperCuts. We took a few minutes to grab the purple paper menus and sat at the table we inhabited. I went inside to order and the lady behind the counter was friendly.We ordered:1 Order of Mussels, $14.751 Dozen Raw Oysters, $19.751 Cup New England Clam Chowder, $5.751 Half Lobster Louie, $15.751 Salmon & Chips, $14.751 Coconut Shrimp & Chips, $14.751 Bottle of Sake 300mL, $10.00Total including tax without tip came to $104.33Instead of the glass cups for water, I opted for the plastic ones next to the self-serve soda fountain. After the bill was paid, we took our #23 placeholder back to our table outside and had some good conversations. The wait was about 15 minutes before our first appetizer arrived; a dozen small raw oysters. Good flavor and freshness was what the Blue Point Oysters on a half shell were all about. The cup of clam chowder arrived a couple of minutes before the oysters. It wasn't as creamy and chunky as I thought it was going to be like I've had at Pier 39 in San Francisco or Half Moon Bay. The Steamed Mussels arrived in a covered chrome pot simmering in a fragrant broth. The bread that came with it was tiny in size. And even though my wife asked the server for more bread two separate times, he always failed to bring more bread out. The entrees came out all at the same time.Overall the food was delicious, but the service, when we asked, was desirable hence a 4 star rating. The Beer Battered Specials were lightly battered and flavorful. The Lobstah Louie Salad was fresh with it's large avocado chunks, egg slices, cherry tomatoes, and large chunks of succulent lobster. To help all the food wash down, we each had three separate shots of cold sake.I'm vowing to go back again one day to sample something different.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2011,8/11/2011,308,192,7,8,10>I loved this place! My bf and I went there looking for a chill place to sit down and have a few drinks and thats exactly what we got! Heres the skinny:The owner was also the bartender. She was hilarious, very sweet, very personable! She was also great about the fact that I was the DD and kept the water coming with absolutely no pressure to have a drink. The locals were also pretty cool! Great conversation, very welcoming. As for the bar proper - it has the dive bar feel without the dirtiness. There is no vague smell of pee here, there is no broken glass on the floor, there is no slumped over vet in the corner. Its clean, smells good and its comfortable to hang out in, but is very casual. They have a juke box, a pool table, a couch... even a fireplace! It was also really reasonably priced which I thought was pretty great!! Big parking lot... its in a shopping center and its not on a main road, so you have to be looking for it to see it. I really enjoyed it, overall and I'll definitely be going back but next time, I won't be the DD!
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2011,8/10/2011,75,242,11,8,8>Damn, I definitely got the wrong sandwich the 1st time I tried Ike's out. This time I gotta admit, that quality was definitely there in my Matt Cain sandwich. The sauces at Ike's are KILLER, definitely the key element of the sandwich.Only things holding Ike's back from being a 5 star sandwich shop.1. A little too pricey2. Terrible location for non Stanford students3. Wait time for your sandwich is quite longA couple other things I digged about Ike's place. - Free scrumptious caramel apple pop for right after you kill your meal- Spacious area to grub out compared to Redwood Shores location- Cashier is a look a like of J-Wow from Jersey Shore
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2011,8/9/2011,676,1464,6,8,6>Solid chinese food here. Love the garden/gazebo look in the courtyard.The service has been consistent and the owner, Simon recognizes me from when I used to eat at Hunan Home's down the street.Solid dishes:Sizzling plate eelWest Lake SoupBean Curd w/ Green ChivesGarlic Sauteed Pea SproutsLettuce CupsFood is authentic tasting and is much more catered to traditional Chinese palattes instead of the glorified Panda Express style cuisine found throughout Palo Alto.It's easy to miss on El Camino so look for the Boston Market and prepare to make a hard right turn into the narrow driveway to get into the parking lot in the back.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,8/8/2011,8,80,9,12,6>Way back in 2001 or 2002, I was charged with the simple task of ordering a cake for the other grad student in my lab to celebrate his qualifying exam.  Rather than leave it to chance, I was specifically directed to order a chocolate rum cake from The Prolific Oven.  As expected, the guy passed his quals, we all had a slice of the chocolate rum, and none of us have looked back since.  I've come here to pick up a chocolate rum cake for other qualifying exams, thesis defenses, bar mitzvahs, birthdays, Labor Day, Arbor Day, Boxing Day, Guy Fawkes Day, Tuesday... yes, even for Groundhog Day.For almost 10 years, The Prolific Oven has been my go-to place for cake -- and I have rarely deviated from the chocolate rum.  But, I can also recommend the chocolate on chocolate, the orange almond, the amaretto cheesecake, and the chocolate mocha.  But, in all honesty, if they served nothing but the chocolate rum, I'd still give the place 4 stars.They also serve pastries and other sandwiches, but who cares?  Get the chocolate rum cake.  Seriously.  Did I mention the chocolate rum cake yet?
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2011,8/7/2011,227,119,4,9,7>Excellent Indian food! As an Indian buffet during lunch time, you have the right to be a bit wary but wary-not! Unlike any other Indian buffet place, the quality is there and the dishes are on que. For about $10 a person, you get over 9 dishes to choose from. And every single one is delicious! Believe me I tried them all and went for seconds. Skip the dessert and just load up on the saucy goodness of the spinach, butter chicken, mushroom marsala, etc. I don't know eactly what I was eating but all I knew was that it was very good. My plate looked like paint pallet full of color and sauce over rice and Pita bread. I tried hard to keep all the falvors and items seperate but towards the end everything kinda just mixed together and worked even better that way. So why the 4 stars? The dessert was way too sweet; my taste buds just didn't agree with it. Also, there really was no service. The waitstaff walking around were just that...: Drones walking around. Their minds weren't even present and would ignore you if you had a question or needed anything.In Summary: excellent food, not so excellent service.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2011,11/5/2011,349,738,3,8,4>Stumbled upon this place while walking around one night, loved it so much, decided to have my birthday party here. Two weeks later, this place was booked two hours, on a Saturday, from 8-10PM.  Private party, so they closed their doors and only our guests were able to join the fun. They had a minimum that needed to be met to close this place down, I believe it was $800, which is kind of hard to rack up with just beer and wine on tap. No hard liquor.We catered our own food, brought it along, pushed some tables together and bam, we were set up. When we came, there were a few customers there, they were nice enough to let us know when we were ready and they will ask them to leave. We just said when they're done with their drinks, no need to force them out. One problem, there was a couple that was at the corner drinking, very slow, taking their time and after 40 minutes later I decided to say something to the workers to see what was going on. Ya, ya when they're done drinking... I turned around a little bit later and they have new drinks! What's going on here? So my BF decided to just ask them himself and they said oh the bartender gave it to them.. then the bartender walked over and was like oh... um.. sorry. What?? Turns out, they seem to know each other, I'm guessing they were friends and he was letting them hang out, like we wouldn't notice? They went out to have a smoke with each other then left, ya, they had to be friends, one star down for that service. Anyway, I had their stout all night, good. Heard everyone else enjoyed their drinks and they do make their own soda which some where good.  Guess it depends how much was being mixed it cause I had two and one was better than the other. Overall, I did have a great time there during normal hours and was a great spot for our private party.  There was a little hiccup with the server and his friends, but other than that, they had great service and made the night wonderful.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2011,11/4/2011,474,505,6,11,8>I was craving sake sashimi and the boyfriend didn't want to drive to our usual spot in Cupertino, so we decided to try sashimi at Suruki's. We walked in at about 5:30 pm on a Sunday and there was a line forming at the door. It looked like a Black Friday sale on a Sunday!To the surprise of my boyfriend, he heard bento boxes were half off and went at it. We picked up a few, but had to choose carefully as some seemed to sitting for awhile. We headed to the back of the store where we hit sashimi heaven! Looking at the prepacked sashimi in the fridge was not too appetizing, so we asked the deli to slice us up a pound of salmon. We couldn't wait to get home to rip apart the tray! We had to pick up ginger and soy sauce since the salmon only came with fresh wasabi. We also bought seaweed salad and a tray of monkfish liver.Wow! Everything was soo fresh and good. The bento boxes were ok, but the sashimi was amazingly good! I'll be coming back for more!!!
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,11/3/2011,249,513,16,17,18>who's going to be the jerk to scar the perfect 5 star rating? not me!they've found a great balance between crispy but still tender and thin but won't tear texture. i had the smoked salmon crepe and it was filled with just the right amount of spinach, cream cheese, red onion, and capers. i think i gobbled it in under 3 minutes.i will most definitely be back for a sweet crepe because nutella and banana crepes are my weakness.i did manage to fit in a mini chocolate and white chocolate raspberry gelato and it was rather good. it was thick and velvety smooth. they also have flavors such as tony spumoni, caramel, vanilla bean, strawberry, espresso, cookies and cream, coconut almond joy, and many others. but what caught my eye were the blackberry cabernet sorbet and the apricot chardonnay sorbet. happy hour in a cup or cone!the lady and gent behind the counter were very nice and made sure we enjoyed our food. i even joked with them that "i'll see you tomorrow!" well, maybe not such a joke afterall as i am thinking of returning rather soon!
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2011,11/2/2011,330,533,9,11,11>Wow, the carne asada at the taqueria here is amazing!  It's lean, flavorful, and they put a lot of it in their burritos.  I had a laugh at the English description of the tripe tacos.  They're described as "guts."  I am not a big fan of guts, so that might be the one meat I won't try here.  Too squishy for my taste.The supermarket is large and the prices are cheap.  Watermelons are about 20 cents a pound.  The staffers in the meat section are quick to ask you if you need help.  We were just browsing, but I appreciated it anyway.  The sweet lady at the cheese counter offered to give us samples of anything we wanted to try.  Nice!  The mango yogurt looked good, but I was too full from just half a burrito.I loved this market.  It's not at all close to my house, but I will definitely find an excuse to return.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2011,11/1/2011,656,1338,5,10,6>LOVED this market!!!After reading such great reviews, (and living closer now) we decided to check this market out last Saturday.Parking was easy, and although the maket was busy, it wasn't crazy and chaotic, as farmers markets can get. Maybe later in the season it will be more so, we'll see!There was a great variety of vendors, i was able to find everything i could possibly need at a farmers market.There's a good amount of produce and prepared foods. We were very tempted by the frite truck, bu were planning to go out for brunch after, so we just looked at it longingly:)I'm so happy it's spring,and strawberries are coming back into season. I bought some here that were very reasonably priced, and fairly good,especially for so early in the season. We also purchased some large artichokes, and had we not beeing going out for Easter dinner the next night, I would have bought fish and meat as well. I saw some of the same vendors I've been seeing for years at other farmers markets, but there were some that were new to me as well. (Bakeries, jams, cheese vendors to name a few.)The coffee truck had fantastic coffee, and the guy working there was friendly, as were all the vendors we chatted with.This is a fan-freaking-tastic farmers market,and i look forward to returning!
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2011,10/31/2011,34,131,10,13,7>I had one really cheap dress from Target that had seams ripping down the side and at the bottom...I stapled them closed, and I wasn't even laughed at when I took it into Designer's Tailoring.  I had another dress that needed the straps taken up a bit.  And yet another that needed to be hemmed and the bust needed to be pinned more modestly.  All of this was $45 and I couldn't be happier.  The life as a petite woman just got a little easier.  Thanks girls!!PS: remember cash or your check book.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2011,10/30/2011,119,227,3,13,5>I must say that the addition of Grape & Grain to San Mateo is awesome! Adam is the owner, and he is a great guy who has a wonderful understanding of wine (Grape) & beer (Grain)! It's about time that San Mateo has a great selection of both beer AND wine! I believe that G&G is eventually going to offer 30+ varieties of beer, although I'm not sure of the exact number.The interior is really, really comfortable. Adam and his partner (Natalie) did an excellent job turning the location into something that is classy, cozy, modern, and devoid of any snobbishness you may expect from a wine bar. The decor is thoughtful; I believe that Adam had all of his tables made specifically for the bar. The layout is clean, the lighting is perfect, the music melts into the background and isn't overbearingly loud, and the two huge flat screen televisions mounted on the walls apparently show Giants games when they're on. SCORE! (Literally, Giants, please score some runs. You're making me want to cry.) Lastly, Adam and Natalie are incredibly friendly, talkative, and welcoming to everyone who steps foot inside. Seriously... I was watching new customers walk in, and Adam would immediately greet all of them. Now that it's FINALLY open for business, stop by and support an amazing operation.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2011,10/29/2011,247,87,6,8,7>We were strolling down Castro Street in Downtown Mountain View looking for a new restaurant to try-out. Luckily, I was feeling a little adventurous because otherwise, I would have avoided Ephesus since I am not a huge fan of Mediterranean food (although there a couple restaurants on the peninsula that I like a lot!). Hubby wanted to check it out so why not? From the outside, it doesn't look like anything too special but once you get inside, it's a different story. I enjoyed the simple decor and quaint ambiance. Additionally, customer service was very friendly and highly-attentive. We ordered the Greek salad (which I hope to actually eat in Greece one day! Hee hee) and I loved the pomegranate salad dressing. Nice touch! Hubby had the lamb dish, which he thoroughly enjoyed because it was delish and he loves lamb! And I ordered the sauteed shrimp served with veggies and rice. YUMMY!!! I was pleasantly surprised with our dining experience at Ephesus and look forward to returning for another terrific meal!
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2011,10/28/2011,1324,243,6,11,8>Mirror mirror on the wall, who is the fairest one of all?  In this case...me and Yweight!Hey girls, all of us who are not fortunate enough to be born with long, luscious lashes can on dream of such.  No way!  This is the place to have what our mom didn't give us but with a price.  A price of beauty of course.  Initial eyelash extensions go for about $150, then depends on how long you wait to get retouch can cost you from $40-$70.  But well worth the cost.Thanks to the help of my fellow coworker and friend that introduce me to this place to have my lash done.  I have a very good amount of lashes but they are not long.  Thanks to Yweight especially to Diana and Diane, I can have the look and feel of real long lashes.  They are nice and friendly and above all, superb in what they do.  The place in itself, is pretty simple without the high-tech and luxury look but it serves its purpose.So if you want to have those beautiful lashes that you think people were born with, think again, it might just be at Yweight.  So why wait!  You won't be disappointed!
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2011,10/27/2011,125,68,3,4,3>My fiance and I have been here a couple of times, and we've never had to wait for a table or service. Last time we came by we ordered the arroz con pollo. Oh man that was soooo good! We also tried the fried calamari and the ceviche both equally delicious.I love Cha Cha Cha! You gotta try their Sangria as well although it could get very addicting...Definitely check it out if you are around downtown San Mateo!
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,4/11/2013,641,501,6,7,6>I thought for sure, I would have already written a review for ABS.  Hmm, I'm sure I have!   John, Mike, and the whole team are all great.  We have brought our 2000 BMW and our 2008 Mini Cooper S to them for a while now, and they have never disappointed, whether it be a routine oil change or a not-so-routine major issue.  Oh wait, I remember.  I didn't want to write a review for them cuz then everyone will know how great they are and then the business will get too busy... OK, JUST KIDDING... :)  Plus, the secret is already out anyway based on the # of 5 star reviews!
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2012,4/10/2013,694,903,2,3,2>My new go to place for pedis. They do a great job and give a nice massage, masque, hot stone foot rub.For extra you can get your calluses shaved off or get gel polish.I got gel french manicure polish for my wedding and it lasted INCREDIBLY for a month. It's a pain to remove - they have to do it, but man does it look nice a long time.Plenty of 2 hour street parking nearby too!
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,4/9/2013,192,309,2,2,2>I have been coming here for three years, for a total of 7 or so visits, and this will be my first review. The entire office takes on Dr Cassara's personality of happy, go-lucky, and professional. Their dental hygienists are fantastic as well, and don't forget their beautiful and sweet front desk ladies who are the first thing you see. The location is remodeled with a myriad of amenities to include tv's while you get your teeth cleaned. I really cant say enough good things about this place. They also send you email reminders for your visits and are very proactive. I will definitely miss this place the next time I have a Navy dentist working on my teeth. Bon Viage!!!
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2012,4/8/2013,186,285,1,4,4>Despite my constant negative reaction to Indian Food I actually do like it...it's just that my stomach can't stand it...However, my gf convinced me to go eat at Curry Up Now before we watched a movie in downtown San Mateo (I've never tried even though they always have a lunch truck during our work lunch truck events).  Overall, the experience was positive and the food was good (surprisingly, my stomach didn't get all twisted-up after I ate it).  I ate the "8 item thali platter" - cost only $10!!!  It came with white (or brown rice), parantha, garbanzo beans, aloo gobi, tofu, pickles, papadum and salad.  The food was good and served pretty quick.  They also have a gluten free and a vegan menu.  Next time I'll make sure to try the burrito - looked hella good when I was glaring at others inhaling their burrito (my mouth is salivating a bit as type right now!)The restaurant is spacious but parking can get a bit tricky - just like any other restaurant/business located in downtown San Mateo.  A definite winner in my book!
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2012,4/7/2013,47,93,5,6,6>One of my few attractive choices for a late lunch.I've seen this location change several times over the years and hope that Tommy Thai is here to stay.  Once upon a time there was a Mr. Chaus who reigned supreme in these neck of the woods for years and years.  One day, the big and bold flavors of Tommy T's BBQ came into town.  It was no surprise to me that Mr Chaus bland flavors would be overthrown by Tommy T's, but when the complex, rich Southeastern flavors of Tommy Thai's finally arrived I knew they were here to stay.The location is a little outdated, but the decor inside classes it up.  Not sure if the owners are Thai, Cambodian or Chinese... Regardless the food is quite good and they have a ton of different selections.  According to my bud Geoff W. they have the same exact menu as Thaibodia.  Interesting...Lunch specials starting at $6.99 will have you stuffed and ready for a nap.  Lot's of variety on the back to back 8 page menu as well.The great thing about these places is that everything comes out fresh off the wok.  Everything is piping hot when it is served and that really makes a big difference in my eyes.Definitely an affordable way to get some really good Thai/Cambodian food in this area.  Enjoy~!
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,4/6/2013,160,319,1,6,3>Delicious bruschetta on toasted Acme bread. You can get 4 selections for $12 - with the exception of a couple that have a $1 charge for special ingredients. They are all good, but would pass on the one with hummus next time. Extensive wine list and very large yummy salads. 1 order of bruschetta and a salad is good enough for 2 people for dinner. They have live jazz music during dinner - which was one guy playing an electronic piano, just not my taste. Seating is a bit crammed, so keep that mind, but even on a Friday night for a party of 3 we got seated very quickly. The acoustics make the restaurant very noisy, so not the place to be for a quiet night out on the town. I will probably be back if I am in the mood :)
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,4/5/2013,13,101,5,6,4>"Guitar groups are on the way out, and the Beatles have no future in show business" --Executive of Decca Records.I can only imagine some financier listening to the pitch for Bumble. "Wait, you mean to tell me that you would like to have a restaurant with a playroom?  If you haven't noticed, 90% of the McDonalds in the Midwest have beat you to the punch.  Begone!"But wait!  Do McDonalds restaurants serve wine and drinks, healthy food, and have a playroom with a staff to watch the children?  Do McDonalds restaurants have an awesome saltwater aquarium that you can view while watching your kids through the glass?  Do McDonalds restaurants have a relaxed atmosphere with table servers that are extremely patient with kids?  Do McDonalds restaurants have bathrooms stocked with diapers, wipes and a changing table that isn't covered in pee?  No, McDonalds does not!  But Bumble does.  Some points:  -It's not cheap.  They are in downtown Los Altos so the costs are high just for the lease, and all of the niceties (including the playroom) come at a premium.  You have to pay extra for the playroom, but the rates are less then the babysitter.  -I wouldn't say that the Bumble food is great, although it is pretty good, and the wine pours are pretty much 5 ounces only.  However, they have the best apple juice I've ever tasted and the desserts have been excellent.-I must admit the chandelier made from deer antlers seems really out of place.  Really cool idea, one that could be refined, but for this rather small (and again, pricey) restaurant, it's a great way to get a break from the kids while not getting a babysitter.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,4/4/2013,93,86,2,3,4>The battery for my Toyota Prius died and I freaked because I thought it was going to cost me thousands to replace it. I called Toy Auto Clinic, and Brian was extremely helpful over the phone and provided me the most genuine service possible.I took my car in and Brian gave me a detailed list of my Prius' situation. As someone who knows nothing about cars, I am so relieved and grateful he didn't try to scam or BS me by pressuring me into buying the more expensive service when my car didn't need it. He told me exactly what I needed and in just 2 days, my car was as good as ever. I'd been putting off fixing my back brake lights for a while, but he took it upon himself to fix those as well! The total service + replacement costs were around $200 (what a relief!).Thank you Brian!! You are amazing. Will definitely be coming back for my next tune-up. :)
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2013,4/3/2013,184,711,6,9,9>Yay Asian Box finally opened! So yes, yet another Asian option on Castro. What makes Asian Box stand out? Besides being damn good, oh so simple, and DIY Chipotle - style, they make a mean coconut curry tofu... add on some peanut sauce and you've got yourself a legit little meal for $8.50 with tax. This healthy fast food option is awesome when I want a little Asian flare without the authenticity that lines Castro. While I love my bentos, dim sum, crazy ramen concoctions, and token white person feeling, its nice to stand in line, order, and go. Brown rice and tofu with peanut sauce in a little box? How perfectly Americanized. It's like an Amy's bowl but 10x the flavor. I noticed a few reviews said the portions were on the small side; I suppose I could see that, given that our concept of portions is a bit out of whack, however It probably depends on what you get (meat vs tofu... veggies vs rice etc). My box was just the right size for me and I was pretty full afterwards, however maybe for hungry burly dude I could see how one could leave disappointed. If that happens, add on some spring rolls. I hope they do well.  I'm gonna be needing my peanut sauce fix STAT!
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,4/2/2013,207,200,4,7,5>I just started working in downtown Palo Alto, and this is my favorite lunch spot!They start you off with a pickled cabbage appetizer, and anything you order comes with pita bread. I like to slather the pita bread with the green hot sauce (better than the red hot sauce) on the table, and take the other pita bread home to make pita chips out of! Just rip it into pieces, and bake in the oven for 10 minutes at 400 F with some olive oil and spices drizzled on. You will have extra pita bread, trust me.Mozy's Rice Bowl: my favorite item. The chicken is flavorful and the whole dish is moist is so easy to eat. It's a very large dish - enough for me to eat half and save the other half for breakfast the next day (unless I want to food coma in the office). Couscous: This dish is good, but a lot more bland than Mozy's Rice Bowl. They give you a big chunk of chicken, but it's chicken that's been souped out, so there's not very much flavor left in it.Shakshuka: This dish was served in a shallow pan, and it kind of reminded me of a quiche with a tomato base. And bits of hot dog inside. It was good, but not very filling (unlike the other two items listed above).I have yet to try the hummus, which must be good since everyone keeps raving about it. Maybe one day when I have a lunch buddy .... :'( I usually sit at the bar so there's not much of a wait.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2009,1/19/2009,26,37,2,10,7>I think I'm the 10th reviewer and most everyone has covered the overall bases here pretty well so I'll add hardcore details for devout smoked-meat disciples.Many places overpower their meat in a huge amount of sauce which may also have a flavor so dense it hides the meat's smokiness.  Mack's sauce flavor and quantity is a *compliment* to the meat, not a competitor.  You'll enjoy both even if you're from the "just rub, not sauce" side of the fence.1.  The ribs are smoked without the membrane on the back blocking absorbtion of the all-holy smoke.  ONE side is rubbed and provides a nice flavor contrast between bites from front, sides or back.  Mack's pours sauce on the *side* of the rib where the knife cuts each one, so tastes from the back are with rub, from one side are with sauce and from the other are pure smoke.  The meat is still moist and adheres to the bone slightly, which proves it was done properly.  All o' y'all who think smoked meat should fall off the bone have been taught wrong.  Meat that falls off has been cooked too low, too long (or wasn't mopped properly) and falls off because it's slightly too dry.  Mack's pulls off perfectly.  2.  The pulled pork has a good balance of its own flavor that you can taste through the sauce.  Each strand is tender, with a good spice balance and not so moist that it thins the sauce with little drops of fat/moisture that might make it greasy.  Again, the sauce is a complement without competing with the meat.3.  Ditto the above for the brisket.  Beef has a stronger natural flavor than pork and Mack's beef brisket is one cut where the meat comes through strongly against the smoke.  Don't miss it!Sides:  The mac n' cheese has house-smoked slab-bacon bits in it!!  It's good stuff you'll enjoy unless you insist on your mac n' cheese being of the highly creamy variety.  For the slaw fans out there, Mack's is nuttin' but cabbage, sugar, vinegar and mayo, as it should be.  Someone here commented on it being "too garlicky" but since there's no garlic in it, I suggest what they tasted was the vinegar coming through strongly.  Maybe more than they're used to.This business is spotless clean, looks fresh and modern and thankfully doesn't have any cheezey / hokey "aw shucks" fake Southern decor.  The folks behind the counter are friendly and so helpful you're likely to be offered a tiny taster if you're not sure what you want on this trip.  Fortunately the inexpensive menu isn't cluttered, so you'll probably not be very indecisive.While tasting my way through a chunk of their menu, I learned they will soon have a beer and wine license, plus are revamping the back patio to provide at least five picnic tables in the next couple of months.  At that point, large groups could descend on them for all kinds of meaty festivities.  I liked Mack's more than I do the also-good "Lil' Biscuit House" so I'll be taking a group back there very soon, for sure!!!
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2008,1/18/2009,198,547,6,19,11>I am so thankful for this place!My cat had a lump on her back as well as a deformation on her jaw and I wanted a diagnosis. Originally, I went to an upscale vet (Miramonte Vet in Mountain View) and they estimated $800 (they could only estimate this cost it would have probably been more) for diagnosis of only 1 of the issues and it would take days to get results back etc..I couldn't afford Miramonte's services so I decided to do some Yelp research. Luckily I found Dr. Thompson. On the spot she diagnosed one of the issues (the lump was just fat accumulation) and the other issue took her a couple of hours to diagnose (an x-ray was needed). Total cost: $200 for both issues vs $800+ for only 1 issue from Miramonte. Plus she cleaned up the tartar on my cat's teeth AND cut her nails for free.Thanks so much Dr. Thompson!
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/2/2008,1/17/2009,1067,193,9,12,7>Hmmmm...Organic Thai.  I was definitely skeptical.  But I decided to give it a shot.  I was recommended by my co-worker and his wife.  I had always driven past this place on my way on El Camino Real, and it looked nice from the outside.  I ordered the Lamb Yang which they recommended Medium Rare.  Well it came out medium well and kinda tough to chew.  It came with a very tasty bowl of pumpkin soup and some brown rice mixed in with white rice.  Which I liked because I'm not a big fan of the nutty texture of only brown rice.I dont know about $13 for thai fried rice or pad thai though.  They claim they because they have use huge prawns.  I'll have to give it a shot next time.  Overall nice ambiance and good service.  It would've been nice if they hooked up dessert since the chef dropped the ball on my rack of lamb.  But that's wishful thinking.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2008,1/16/2009,6,33,3,7,7>Have I mentioned I'm Sicilian? Half Sicilian, but that's not the point.My dad introduced me to the goodness that is the cannoli when I was pretty young. Some nameless Italian bakery in Michigan where I grew up. I can taste them now, the crunchy outside, the sweet insides, the obviously foreign flavors of the dessert. Ever since then I've had a love affair with the definitive Sicilian dessert, and much like my love for Daifuku and Taiyaki, it was hard to find in Michigan. I could have always tracked down that bakery again but I ended up in California. Daifuku and Taiyaki are everywhere, but I worried if I would ever have a good cannoli again.Roomie had never eaten a cannoli before, which baffled me, and I decided to track down the best cannoli in San Mateo. A recommendation from a fellow Sicilian lead me to Romolo's, and I think I owe her flowers and a big hug for leading me there. The cannolis are perfect. This is not hyperbole; they are hands down the best cannolis I have ever sunk my teeth into. They're made to order, which is how it should be! We watched them make Tiramisu while the cannolis were being made, and ended up taking one home with us. It was fantastic, light and flavorful instead of the soggy mess that some places try to pass off as Tiramisu. Just wonderful.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2008,1/15/2009,125,185,7,6,6>I almost hate to continue the trend of 5-star reviews, but after having 2 years of Costco visits (I don't care what you say, they aren't as good as independent optometrists) I was SO HAPPY to be at Dr. Lai's office.1) I scheduled my appointment for noon, but found out at 8am that morning that I had a mandatory meeting at noon for work -- I panicked, called the office asking about their cancellation policies, got Dr. Lai himself who told me, "Don't worry about it" and scheduled me for 4:30pm instead. Wow!2) Office workers were great for me -- friendly, understanding, and helpful. No problems.3) I had some issues with the eye tests but Dr. Lai kept me 30 minutes past my appointment time to make sure I had the best prescription possible for the best price with my insurance. They let me try on three different types of contacts to make sure everything worked out perfectly. Dr. Lai personally worked out the figures to make sure I saved the most money on my insurance. I love this place! 5 enthusiastic stars, all the way.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2008,1/14/2009,93,59,5,5,6>When I order flowers for someone, I want something modern, fresh, and vibrant - the mere sight of carnations, baby's breath, jenky ferns, and other cheap fillers drive me nuts. I have no problem paying a bit more for a flower arrangement that I know will meet my standards, and here at Edmond's Plaza Florist, they have not let me down.They have a beautiful selection of flowers and vases, and are happy to make you a custom arrangement within your budget. I have both given and received some lovely arrangements from Edmond's - no cheap filler flowers, some in really cool square vases. When I got a friend of mine a large arrangement from Edmond's to cheer her up, it was much bigger and more fancy than I had expected - I got my money's worth and then some. I'll definitely be returning to Edmond's for my future floral needs.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/3/2008,1/13/2009,506,836,9,17,15>The sandwich counter is my friend.  They have an array of pre-selected sandwiches to choose from.  They have "recipes" to make ordering fast, you just tell them which sandwich you want and say yes when they ask you if you want it made the way they have disclosed.  They also will let you order your own custom sandwich.  The meat and cheese selections are superb: there are many to choose from and all are fresh and not cut until you order.  My experience is that the veggies they use are always fresh as well.  They don't offer the lite variety of mayonnaise, or lite cream cheese, and the dutch crunch bread isn't as fluffy as Borel's.There is a small Starbucks inside but it has all of the drinks and shop items that larger Starbucks offer.  I haven't had the best results when ordering uncommon drinks, but I know that there is a learning curve with employees.I wouldn't recommend shopping here for anything other than fresh meats/cheeses or fish, everything is on the pricey side (since it's "fine food").  But if you like pretending to be one of the select few that can complete all of their grocery shopping here, go ahead and do it.  Whatever makes you happy.  If you need a few grocery items, go ahead and come here.  If you need something unique, you have a better chance of finding it here than at Safeway.Everyone they employ is so nice and they try to make the customer happy.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2008,1/12/2009,305,300,9,12,12>My 100th review had to go to a local, hidden restaurant that hits on all cylinders (most of the time). Sweet Basil Thai is tucked away in a little strip mall. The roads are dark and thankfully my GPS guided me in the right direction. Small, packed and decorated in modern/contemporary style, the waiters are dressed in black and are efficient yet gracious. Yelp reviewers - you did not steer me wrong. Duck fried rice and yellow curry chicken - both were mouthwateringly superb. The duck fried rice was rich, fatty yet not greasy - sweet and savory, overloading my taste buds in the best possible way. The yellow chicken curry was light in texture, but well-balanced in flavor. Enough curry punch to give it that expected exotic edge, but not enough to offput a Thai food novice. I was in heaven. The next few times, I veered off and got the crab fried rice - not nearly as good, but may have been an off night. The atmosphere is trendy, yet relaxed. The prices are remarkably reasonable. This is a great hidden spot to impress a date or just get away to enjoy darn good Thai food.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2008,1/11/2009,278,355,18,18,17>There I was, standing outside Red Mango, minding my own business eating my froyo and checking out downtown Palo Alto.  Across the street I see a "Now serving tart tango frozen yogurt" sign.  I try to ignore it but I was curious.  I walked around University then crossed the street.  I peeked my head in the door but kept walking.  I'll try this place next time I told myself.  Fifteen steps later I turned around.  I read the signage again.  No way, you just finished your Red Mango froyo not a minute earlier I chided myself.  Hmmmm, a moment of indecision in the middle of the sidewalk.  Oh heck, I'll just take a look at what they have.  That can't hurt now can it?They have a variety of gelato, from various coffee and choc flavors to various fruit flavors.  Oh wait, what?  PASSION FRUIT GELATO!  Okay Michael, you got me.  I had to have it.  I went to pay and I looked at the froyo options, plain tart and PASSION FRUIT too!  Oh God, this is not gonna be pretty.  I got half/half of both flavors.  No mochi balls so I just stayed with no toppings.  Please don't tell my mom that I just spent over 13 bucks on froyo in 15 minutes time.The froyo was not very good, not so tart and definitely not creamy... seems like a modified version of their gelato.  The passion fruit froyo had but a hint of passion fruit taste.  2 stars for the froyo would be generous.  The passion fruit gelato on the other hand was incredible.  It tasted like you just cut open a lilikoi and started sucking on the seeds, yeah it was that tart.  I was in love.  I was in heaven.  It was orgasmically good.  I had to restrain myself from sucking it down and licking the cup.If I'm ever in downtown Palo Alto again, you all can have your Red Mango froyo.  I'm coming straight here for more passion fruit gelato.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2008,1/10/2009,97,506,6,8,8>Outstanding.  I'm no fan of pastrami, really, so I can't speak to whether theirs is any good, really.  My hubby got a pastrami sandwich, though, and he really liked it. I tasted it, and it was definitely better than the other pastramis I've tried, but I still wasn't wild about it. Too much carraway seed flavor. Now, onto the rest of the review:We started with a 5-item charcuterie plate, with brie, St Andre, proscuitto, duck rillette and dry salame and it was beyond tasty. We made a multitude of MMM noises while eating it.  All delicious, and it came with cornichons, hazelnuts, really meaty olives, and toasted bread. As I mentioned, hubby had a pastrami, but I had the Cobb Salad. It was much different in presentation than what you usually see(and believe me, I've eaten countless Cobb salads); it came pre-dressed/tossed like a caesar.  It was also dressed with a vinaigrette rather than Blue Cheese, but it was still really well-built, with quality ingredients. Beers we drank: Houblon Chouffe, N'Ice Chouffe, and Delerium Tremens.  I've had all these beers before at places like La Trappe, but never on tap. Fantastic. My only complaint is that they were out of like 3 of the beers on the tap list, and of course one of them was the one hubby wanted. An excellent, decadent supper for a Christmas Eve, a nice treat after running around doing last-minute shopping.  I wish I'd been more hungry so I could have tried more. I will definitely go back to try the patty melt (a guilty pleasure food for me).  By the way, they are closed from 12/25 through 1/5, so we'll have to wait til the after the holidays, which is a shame, as it's a great place to go during off-days.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2011,1/27/2012,502,315,6,9,7>Joya is located on a pretty busy part of University ave. It's on a corner, and theres some seating outdoors, and seating indoors that look out onto the streets. It's great for a business lunch/dinner or any kind of classy get together. Perfect for 365 days of California weather. The food was great! We had cocktails, and their white peach sangria. The peaches within the jar was marinated overnight, so it's drenched in alcohol! (AWESOME). It's a pretty light drink, and went well with the food. For food selection, there was 3 of us and we went for all tapas. Forget the entree, the tapas will get you full! What we got:-The 3 types of ceviche (probably my favorite of the night.. i love that tangy taste and the fish was good quality fish!-Croquets (comes in 5) - crispy on the outside, dipped in a smoked mozarella sauce!-Truffled deviled eggs with smoked trout caviar (comes in 6) - the size of the egg makes this a good bite size snack. Not too spectacular, but still good-Kobe beef mini-burgers- comes in 3, pretty good sliders, and nice surprise with the added chorizo slice)- Braised short rib tacos (comes in 3) : i liked these, it seemed like homemade tortillas, and the meat was really juicyMake sure you make reservations! Our reservation was for 6:15, and at first we weren't going to go in yet since the restaurant looked pretty empty anyway. But we found out all the tables were reserved, and the wait was already 40 minutes out! Thank goodness we had reservations. The place fills up pretty quickly on a weekday for dinner, I can only imagine how it's like on the weekend!
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2011,1/26/2012,819,198,9,12,11>It was a Tuesday night! Boyfriend and I were down for an adventure.  We needed a new place for dinner.  Some place we have never been to.  So we took out the iphone and look up restaurants, he stumble upon this one :)Arrived around 7:xxpm, when we walked in, we waited for about 2 minutes before we were greeted by a waitress.  OH ISEE, only 2 waitresses were working.  As soon as we sat down, she brought over the menus and waters.  We took our time with the menu and decided to share an appetizer of Calamari, Sizzling beef and Yellow curry as entrees, and 2 orders of brown rice.Starting off with the Calamari - yelp.com/user_local_phot  it wasn't one of those calamari dishes you would expect, and I  completely forgot that this would be thai style! haha So basically it was pan fried with some veggies.  The calamari was not crunchy like it would be if it was fried, but it was chewy and a tad bit soggy?  It wasn't too  bad because the sauce complimented the dish well, but I am not too sure if i will order it again.  The Sizzling beef wasn't sizzling when it was served.  Quite funny because the waitress got to our table and said " sorry the beef isnt sizzling anymore because i walk too slow" haha.  The dish was served on a wooden board : yelp.com/user_local_phot  This dish was very Chinese.  The taste, the texture of the beef, and the broccoli combo reminded me of a chinese restaurant.  The sauce was rather sweet than salty, but the beef was tender and juicy.Our third dish was yellow curry, yay! How can wen not order curry at a thai restaurant? Especially i like all colored curries..yellow, green. etc.  This was my favorite dish of all. yelp.com/user_local_phot  The curry tasted oh so perfect with a hint of coconut milk.  It wasn't watery but perfectly milky so I can put it all over my brown rice.  The chicken was soft and chewy.  I definitely liked the curry itself.  Boyfriend and I both agree this was our favorite.As for dessert we had this combo dish of Sticky rice w/ mango, roti, and fried banana.  It was served the cutest way possible! yelp.com/user_local_phot Look at that! haha how can you not smile when you look at that?  In the end, only the face, mouth, and lips were left.  I think that gives you a hint on the level of deliciousness. :)Some reminders :1.  brown rice was $2 per order. And we ordered 2, so i guess it was $4, but the rice was served in a large container.  And I think it was definitely more than 2 orders of brown rice.  ( regular jasmine rice is $1.50)2.  The restrooms are really far.  I actually didn't feel very comfortable going. haha.  It was one of those "walk straight to the end, than make a left, then walk straight till the end, and it will be on the right"3.  Our waitress was very serious..looking? Or she was just serious.  because she didn't smile and seemed to talk without an expression. Overall I'd say it was a great experience and a good try.  We MIGHT come here again.  I think it was more of a 3.5 stars, but i'll make it 4 because the curry was quite delicious, and the atmosphere was very appropriate for a thai restaurant.  And if you were wondering, the bill came to $ 48.xx with tips.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,1/25/2012,141,329,4,5,6>200th review!! Woohoo!!!Ok, with that selfish plug out of the way, let's talk Creola! I'm a huge fan of southern/cajun/creole cuisine. I love me some Angeline's Louisiana Kitchen in Berkeley! And Creola has always been on my radar, yet I'm only now taking time to try it. For shame...I like the atmosphere, and the staff were really professional and on top of it all. The food delivers for the most part, if only a little on the pricey side for cuisine such as this.I tried two of their cocktails; the Maker's Mark Mint Julip was great, but the Kir Royale was big on price, but not on flavor.The crawfish hush puppies came highly recommended; really excellent, however I feel the crawfish doesn't add much. I know it makes it sound more fancy to include the crawfish, but I think they should do without it and drop the price point. One of their specials for the evening was turtle soup; I couldn't pass up a chance at having my first turtle experience! It was really delicious! The turtle meat reminded me of beef in fact.For my main course I went with my favorite creole dish, the jambalaya. What I really liked about it was the big piece of smoked chicken on the side. Normally it's all mixed together, but this was really unique and refreshing. The chicken was excellent, and although there was no spicy flavor to the jambalaya, I really enjoyed the dish!What's a dinner at a cajun restaurant without beignets? Well, they have them, and even tout the famed Café du Monde! These have to be good, no? No. I recommend they remove the famous moniker from the beignets, because they do a horrible disservice to that great establishment. The beignets were awful...hard and not light and fluffy at all. A big miss for sure.I'm very happy that I finally dined at Creola. It's got some good things going for it, however it's a little too pricey for my taste. In the meantime, you'll find me up and over the bay at Angeline's in Berkeley.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2011,1/24/2012,100,285,36,35,36>On the first of many cold non-summer Standard Time evenings, my Soccer-savvy buddy and I set out to find a new burger joint.  We set our sights on The Patty Shack, because my friends Jennifer L. and Abby S. spoke very well of it, and because it's within spitting distance of K&L Wine Merchants, yelp.com/biz/k-and-l-win which I had just visited to buy a few bottles of Rudy Von Strasser's excellent second label Cabernet. We rolled in to The Patty Shack just after full dark - around 6pm (is anyone else depressed by the notion of it being fully dark by 6pm?).  The ambiance was friendly and inviting, though not amazingly fancy.  So far, so good!I was tempted to sit at the bar, but we opted for a table instead.  The Patty Shack is the kind of place where you order food at the counter.  They give you a number to take back to your table, and then bring your food when it's ready. First up, they brought over the basket of onion rings we ordered to share.  They were delicious!  Plumb on the inside, crispy on the outside, with a touch of pepper in the batter to add to the exceptional flavor.  We polished those off quickly, inventoried our fingers and found them all present, then went back to sipping our drinks.  I was drinking diet Coke and a draft Fat Tire Amber Ale, which went nicely with the onion rings.  Very shortly they brought the rest of our food.My soccer-savvy buddy had just played a game earlier that day, so he was almost hungry enough to eat a King Kong pizza by himself.  They serve those at New York Pizza yelp.com/biz/new-york-pi, not at The Patty Shack, so over and above the onion rings we shared, he got The B.I.G. Burger - double patty, double bacon, double cheese.  Then, to guarantee speedy induction of a food coma, he also got the Mac & Cheese side - house made cheese sauce with crispy brown butter breadcrumbs.  He made his burger disappear faster than a Bernie Madoff hedge fund, so it must have been the real deal.  However, I was surprised to see he didn't like the Mac & Cheese, which many Yelpers have raved about.  After he abandoned it, I tried it, and thought it was pretty good, but not good enough to merit bringing my pasta-crazed compadre back another time to try it.For my meal, I got the Philly Cheesesteak - flank steak, grilled onions, peppers, American cheese.  It was excellent!  The steak was tender and flavorful, and the taste of the onions and peppers blended so well, I didn't even mind that it was American cheese (I would rather have had a really sharp white cheddar, but they didn't have one).  I demolished it faster than Severus Snape runs when confronted with shampoo.The counter service was fast and friendly, soda refills were free, and the food was almost all quite tasty.  I give The Patty Shack a solid four stars, and would come back again if I find myself in the neighborhood.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2011,1/23/2012,637,255,8,11,10>Tamarine is hands-down one of my favorite spots in Palo Alto for lunch, dinner, AND for happy hour. Triple threat - or should I say triple treat?!Clean French Vietnamese flavors with perfect seasoning is what you will find here. Portions are generous, the service is outstanding and the bartenders make some great cocktails. No wonder you can't get a reservation here the day-of and most walk-ins are turned away. I generally come here for happy hour and the bar isn't too busy for that 2-hour time slot. The people that come to Tamarine aren't in search of reduced cheap food and cocktails and the restaurant doesn't bother advertising their HH very much - why would you if you're this slammed every night anyway? Some of my favorites:Tuna Tartare (tossed with coconut milk, ginger & chili) = foodgasmSteamed mussels in green curry sauce (no longer on the menu, will have to try the Steamed Mussel Crepe next time -  wait...that's tonight - woohoo)Banh Mi Roti (pan fried wheat bread with a red Panang curry sauce) - so good (and probably so bad for you) that I never want to share itKobe Beef Pho - totally hits the spot on a rainy day or if you feel a cold coming onShaking Beef - this tender meat dish is a staple here and for a good reasonIf you ever make your way in here, sit at the bar, have a lychee or pear martini, order some appetizers and soak in the elegant atmosphere. I know I'm going to do just that tonight!
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2012,1/22/2012,694,1648,6,9,8>I wish I took yelpers' advice and put in the address in my GPS. But no, I went with Google Maps on my phone and I wasted 10 minutes of driving until I finally put it into the GPS. Hidden off the outskirts of California Avenue, sandwiched in between 2 random business buildings, lies Cafe Riace. I saw about 2 different signs pointing to it, definitley hard to find. The parking lots were completely full at 1 PM on a Thursday, so street parked 2 blocks away.It was a gorgeous day, although in the low 60's, and my coworker and I sat in the very large patio. Perfect for a spring or fall day. Even summer if you don't mind the "CA heat". Our waiters were savvy and quick, and gave me a ton of his favorite dishes. When debating between the risotto and polenta appetizer, he immediately said polenta. Polenta it is! My coworker decided on the gnocchi dish with tomato, basil, and mozerralla (which was one of the 10 recs) and I went with another recommendation, tortellini with proscuitto and peas in a cream sauce.We were promptly served with focaccia bread with a wonderful olive oil and olive/herb dip which you know I had to get seconds of. 4 triangles of grilled polenta with gorgonzola was perfect! especially with the side of tomato sauce. our entrees came out shortly after. the gnocchis were the largest ive seen! large marshmallows! i tried one and it was fluffy and perfect. the sauce was divine as well. my tortellini was perfect, but of course a bit heavy from the cream sauce.Everything was great, our servers again were so friendly and exceptional. Each dish was $14.50 and the appetizer was $9.50. Not the cheapest, considering our dishes were the lowest priced, but it was great. Portions are not as HUGE as I had expected, but perfectly sized and we took home small leftovers.I would come again, but its just really hard to find, and parking was a pain.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2011,1/21/2012,711,1139,15,23,19>I can't deal with long lines so we drove right past Ramen Dojo and it's 30-45+ min wait to it's sister restaurant for a weekday lunch. You'd think they have the iphone 6 the way people line up outside Dojo! This location use to be an El Pollo Supremo that once served overcooked grilled chicken. Now, it's morphed into a J-pop blasting casual and clean no frills space that offers a modern spin of ramen with it's lobster oil.   Found parking quick, since we were a party of 2 got seated quick. Menu. (yelp.com/biz_photos/FFW9)*PORK FLAVOR Ramen with lobster oil ($9.5). The fresh diced onion and the lettuce leaf gave an interesting fresh salad like twist. The lobster oil didn't do anything on it's own but the key is to mix everything. The noodles were good and while the tonkotsu style broth wasn't as nearly milky and rich as other's I've had, the lobster oil gave an interesting depth without making the soup taste too seafood-y. The pork was tender yet very fatty. (yelp.com/biz_photos/FFW9)In a nutshell, since all three are from the same owners. - Santa Ramen - classic style ramen. - Ramen Dojo - modern spin; w/ quail egg and garlic. pretty bowl that's spicy!   - Ramen Parlor -modern spin; w/ salad, shrimp, and lobster oil. pretty bowl, not spicy and not too seafood-y.I'd come back. Definitely a better ramen joint that's just a plan B for Dojo. More no frills than Himawari. Better than Ramen Club, and the other joints in downtown San Mateo. Next up, Ajisen.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2011,1/20/2012,243,638,,9,8>OMgosh.. how did I not get to know about Tasty treats all these years!!! I'm a sucker for nutella crepes and this place is it! Cute place, awesome desserts and conveniently located next to Safeway/Starbucks/mini restos.  I haven't tried any other items other than crepes here..  delicious crispy edges and great texture.. its a must-try dessert place.  Gonna keep checking in ;)
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2011,1/19/2012,185,194,6,14,10>I've been oggling this location ever since they put up their sign last summer.  I've strolled in many times and looked around, chatted with the charming Mary, who is often at the counter, and made small purchases.  A couple of weeks ago they had some treats out to taste - monchego cheese with pickled raisins on crackers.  Pickled raisins?!?  I thought I'd tasted all the good pickled stuff, but this lovely agridolce treat was new to me. and I loved it.Seemed like something I could emulate at home, but why, when these were so good, so fast forward to my dinner party a couple of weeks later.  I picked up a jar to serve with cambazola cheese on pumpernickle...OMG.  Oh by the way, I couldn't resist getting a pint of their castelvatrano (sp?) olives too.  They were luscious, although even for me the major garlic fan, a bit too heavy on the raw garlic.  I decanted off that extra garlic oil as the basis for my vinaigrette, though and it was perfect.Last weekend after my visit to the Half Moon Bay Farmers' market, which alas closes for the season at the end of November, I decided to go buy one of their "dinners to go".  Ravioli or meatballs and spaghetti, meatballs and spaghetti or ravioli.  If I get ravioli - which kind.  I confess, I'm not a major pasta fan, and with ravioli, I often find the filling is too smooth and homogenous for me.  I want something with more texture.  I opted for meatballs and spaghetti.  It turns out the dinner to go is all heated up and ready to eat when one buys it.  It was 1:00 in the afternoon, and I want this for dinner, so the clever lad at the counter sold me the components,  seven, tennis ball-sized meatballs (turned out to be the weakest item culinarily speaking for me), one pound fresh fettucini (which this non pasta fan thought had extraordinary texture and flavor), one pint of marinara sauce (which was bright tomato, garlic and herbs; just the right balance of sweet savory and a tiny bit of texture), half a loaf of delicious bread slathered with roasted garlic spread.  All this for about $25.  I added a green salad and roasted asparagus, and we loved it.I love the options here.  So glad they're in my neighborhood.  Things I can't wait to try: Lobster ravioli in squid ink pasta, roasted cherry peppers, sausage ravioli in pepper flecked pasta.   I'm going to guardedly give them one of my sparse 5 stars!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2011,1/18/2012,474,505,7,12,5>Our family loves this preschool. We've sent all our kids here and they love the program. Teachers remember our kids' names even years later. They also remember siblings and ask how they're doing in grade school. Our kids have learned to read at an early age and are ahead of their peers when they started kindergarten. I still believe that the early childhood education helped our kids tremendously and it was in great efforts by the teachers at Foster City Preschool! Highly recommended!
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2013,2/19/2014,905,867,7,16,15>All the rage in pizza nowadays is either Neopolitan (Vesta, Terun) or Chicago Deep Dish (Blue Line, Patxi's).  I like both those styles, but it's nice to see a place like Palo Alto Pizza serve traditional West Coast style pizza.It's nothing fancy, but they do a great job.  I actually ordered a small Luck $13.99 (all meat with sausage, pepperoni, and honey glazed ham) via the new site called DoorDash (delivery for both Palo Alto and Mountain View for places that don't always deliver) and was quite happy with my order.The pie came piping hot, the toppings were tasty and delicious, and I especially liked the crust.  It's slightly crunchy on the outside, but buttery and soft on the inside, such that I ate all the crust and I usually don't.  I've heard that you can even order their signature pizzas (all named after Stanford sports figures) gluten free and that they have a nice beer selection on tap perfect for football games or other college games.  Palo Alto Pizza Company accepts credit cards and American Express.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,2/18/2014,143,314,2,7,6>We were excited to try Cijjo and decided to dine here on my birthday.  The food was excellent and the service provided by the owner, John, and the manager, Trisha, were outstanding.  There was an issue when we first arrived and both John and Trisha remedied the situation and more than made up for what happened.  It's clear that they care about their customers and want to provide the best service that they can.Reservations were made for 7:45 and we walked in at 7:50.  Matt, the server who greeted us, told us that they only hold tables "for a few minutes" and since we were late (by 5 minutes, mind you), there were no tables available but that we could sit at the bar.  I was okay with sitting at the bar, but taken aback by the fact that we somehow "lost" our table because we were 5 minutes late.  I then asked Matt whether they had given our table away because what difference would 5 minutes have made? their diners were still occupying all the tables -- so it's not like all the tables weren't filled 5 minutes earlier.  He was quite rude and I was upset that he made it seem like it was my fault that there's no table.  I understand that sometimes restaurants can't estimate how long people will sit and dine for and can't control whether tables open up or not.  But to say that we couldn't be seated because we were 5 minutes late was extremely unreasonable.  In fact, there was even a table right by the door that was open and available- but he did not offer it to us.We were ultimately seated after just about 5 minutes later, but we were upset.  Husband almost wanted to leave and eat somewhere else.  But we're glad that we stayed.  Here's what we had:-squid ink pasta: very flavorful.  we were told that the pasta was cooked in lobster broth for many hours so that the flavors could be absorbed.  Dish came with 2 large prawns and the portion was on the larger side so it's great for sharing, especially if you are hungry.-ahi tuna trio: fresh ahi in a cone. the dish came in three, although 2 would have been just enough.-oyster shooters: i probably will not order this again.  Although it tasted good, I don't think that it's worth the $5 price tag.  It would be better if there were more complexity in the flavors of the dish.-bone marrow: delicious - highly recommended.-braised ox tail - very tender, and also highly recommended.-beignets - light and fluffy.  The dessert came with 3 dipping sauces and our favorite was the caramel.There were lots of items that we didn't get to try so we will be back.  Thanks, John and Trisha for the great service and hopefully your staff can learn by example so that other diners don't face the same issue in the future.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,2/17/2014,67,98,3,5,4>I called Handyman on go because my bathroom sink was leaking all the time, and the bathroom door frame was broken making it impossible to close the door.I called and Jose answered all my questions offered me to come out for an hour rate of $75.00 per.When he came out he fixed my 2 main problems the sink and the door frame, but taking advantage that he was there I decided to have him repair some other things around my place.Thank you Jose and Handyman on go!!!
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,2/16/2014,184,711,,6,4>My favorite Thai dish of all time is Thai Spicy Mango Salad, and fortunately for me, Bangkok Cuisine has it on the menu. Well, minus the spicy part. Their version is more sweet than spicy. Nevertheless, it's still refreshing and delicious. They have it listed on the menu as Mango Salad with Prawns, but I get it with fried tofu instead. The rest of their menu states that most entrees can be ordered vegetarian, so if you're looking for a meat-free option, don't hesitate to ask. Prices are reasonable for lunch, with most options coming in at less than $10. While I still prefer the Mango Salad at Amarin Thai in Mountain View, Bangkok Cuisine comes in at a close second. 3.5 stars rounded up to 4.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,2/15/2014,248,194,4,8,7>Darts and Shuffleboard I've missed you!!!!I moved up to Palo Alto from LA, and have really been missing my beach sand shuffleboard. So glad I found 4141. Darts (although the darts room is too dark), shuffleboard, and pool make for a great night of bar games with friends. On weeknights it's even quiet enough to really talk and catch up.All the games I would expect from a dive bar, but with the cleanliness and beer selection of a gastropub. Reasonable prices, great drink selection, I've found my new go-to bar in Palo Alto. Not to mention super friendly bartenders!The only thing holding 4141 back from that elusive 5th star was a couple rude/rowdy patrons who pushed us off our shuffleboard game on a weeknight (which the bartender totally volunteered to rectify), lack of food for happy hour (you can order takeout to the bar), and the lack of a few more TVs for watching sports with friends.Awesome incognito location. Just three letters saying bar on the outside denote there is something to be found inside, so it becomes kind of a speakeasy being found only by word of mouth. Well Yelp, Hello World! 4141 is worth a visit.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,2/14/2014,132,190,4,8,9>Very cute and cool bookstore in an unassuming location. Lots of cute toys for the little ones too. The owners are cool as well - and if you tell them that it's your first time coming to the store, when you buy something they make you an origami butterfly. In some ways I kind of felt like I was in an episode of Portlandia...but that was OK with me! I'd come back again for the free tea, chocolate and the awesome greeting cards they have.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,2/13/2014,128,123,5,8,7>After my fun adventure bike riding last weekend in Monterey, I wanted to go biking again! So my hubby and I looked for local shops and came across this one. We wanted to take the bikes quite a ways away to start our ride, but unfortunately, we don't have a bike rack; sadly, neither did this bike store (to buy or rent), which I found a bit frustrating. We took the bikes apart and managed to fit them in the car, so it all worked out, just a bit more work. The bike was great, and the price for the day at $35 wasn't bad. Overall, a good experience. I might come back and buy a bike :)
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2013,2/12/2014,154,218,4,6,5>My husband and I came here for dinner. We ordered two plates to share:1- Mousaka Plate: Sliced eggplant, with ground lamb and beef, onion, zucchini, potato, and parsley in a homemade tomato sauce, topped with bechamel sauce.2- Alexander's Favorite (Iskender) Plate: Slices of ground lamb and beef, layered over bread cubes, in a tomato sauce, and yogurt, drizzled with melted butter.We both loved the Mousaka Plate. The different textures were complementary and the flavors addicting. This was definitely the better of the two plates. We found the Iskender to be bland. The meat was neither tender nor flavorful. The yogurt was just there on the plate and didn't add any purpose to the plate for us. We did ask for some hot sauce which helped a little bit.What we liked about this place was that everything from the kitchen is made from scratch. The ambience is romantic and we loved the decor. We will definitely come back again in the summertime with our dog and get an outdoor seat!
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,2/11/2014,67,217,2,5,3>I went to Delizie for my first time last night and loved it. I was on a mission to try every Italian restaurant in San Carlos and this one might be my favorite (although many of them are excellent). The Lockwood Pinot Noir was really nice and only $9. My wife and I split the eggplant with ricotta as an appetizer. I got the asparagus ravioli in a tomato cream sauce as my main course. The cream sauce was really thick and heavy but delicious. My wife got the calabrese pasta with tomato sauce. The ambiance is perfect and the size of the restaurant is really intimate.I'm definitely going back again!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,2/10/2014,66,106,4,10,6>I love this trail!  This paved trail is great for running, walking, or riding your bike.  It's a 6 mile (one way) trail with mile-markers at every half mile. I come here about twice a week to either run or walk.  Once a month I try to run/walk the entire 12 miles (which is the 6 miles out and 6 miles back).  If you come on a weekend morning it's pretty crowded and you end up parking very far from the trail entrance. But I guess if you come here to get a workout, the distance from your car shouldn't be such a big deal, right?  Although it gets busy on the weekends, the people on the trail are very good about sharing the trail with bicyclists, runners, and walkers.  This is one of my favorite outdoor places to run because it has beautiful views of trees and water.  There are some areas of the trail where the trees  from both sides of the trail sway over to cover the trail, which provides a lot of shade.  It's also common to see deer as you're running through this area.  I also love how the trail is clearly marked with mile markers.  This is hands-down my favorite running spot in the area!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2011,2/27/2012,56,302,4,5,7>Really enjoyed our dinner here the other night. The ambiance is really chill, with a good, low-key vibe. It helps that the space - upstairs in what looks like an attic - is spacious, woody and very cool-looking. Dim lighting, books lining the walls - it's neat. Lots of cool young people (and cool old people) in a happening place. Upstairs is much better than downstairs - I don't care what the story with happy hour is. It is slightly weird that you have to walk through the small bar area to get upstairs.The servers are ubiquitous, but unobtrusive. Good job, guys!We enjoyed the chicken lettuce wraps (had a nice zing to them), the garlic noodles (everyone at every table was getting them and we were happy we did), and the shaking beef (excellent flavor, would have liked a slightly larger portion). Flavors were spot-on. This is my 200th review, and I will be back to Attic!
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2011,2/26/2012,210,226,,14,10>BIG fan!  Tonight, we were in the mood for Italian!  At first, we stopped by Donato's but walked away after being told there would be a 20 minute wait for a decent table.  When we first called,we asked if we should make reservations and the hostess told us there would be a very short wait so reservations weren't necessary.  BOY was she wrong.... Anyway, we walked around Downtown RWC and stumbled onto this place.  It's cute, mellow and quiet... Just what I needed.  We were greeted by a woman with a big smile.  We sat down, got our menus and browsed through the selection of items.  We ordered our food and BAM comes out the warm french bread and awesome dipping sauce.  If i'm not mistaken, the sauce was made of garlic, sun dried tomato, garlic... and something else.  I have no idea really... but it was DAMN good! Our dishes were quite tasty as well.  I had the spaghetti Porticello.  YUMMY!  Succulent scallops, plump shrimp over a bed of al dente spaghetti tossed with fresh spinach and tomato.  mmmmmmm DELISH!  Refreshing and flavorful!  My friend got the Chicken Marsala.  By the way he scarfed it down,  I'd say that was pretty tasty too.  Oh!  Forgot to mention the eggplant appetizer. That thing was mighty tasty as well.  My experience here was great.  The owner was lovely, service was good, food was delish and the prices were average.  I'd say this little gem was a GREAT discovery.  Oh.. if you're in a hurry, this is probably not your place.  If you're looking for a nice slow, mellow experience, I'd definitely recommend it!
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2011,2/25/2012,1509,3598,2,11,4>a worthy replacement of Kaygetsu.  plus having Chef Aoki still there has really helped the transition.dinner prix fixe $75*Jewelry Box:sock-eye salmon sushi, egg yolk powderapple wood smoked muscovy duck, mustard, raspberry, chervilarugula and burdock, white sesame see vinaigrettepoached shrimp dashi flavor and jidori egg dashi makiankimo wrapped with tai kobujime, ponze, chivealthough the elements didn't present like a jewelry box, it still looked delicate and tasted great, clean flavors, executed well, balanced.*autumn mushroom rice:maitake, shiitake, shredded fried tofu, mitsuba, truffle salt, parmesan chip -- truffle salt and parmesan chip worked perfectly with the flavorful mushroomsalso had the fanny bay oyster rice with miso sansho sauce but liked the mushroom rice claypot better*palate cleanser granita of yuzu, ginger, jalapeno -- perfect subtlety*yellowtail:citrus teriyaki glazed, yuzu, grated yamaimo, slow cooked vegetable, torched daikon, snap pea, carrot -- excellent dish with balanced flavor, nice use of yamaimo (classic), and a smoky daikonalso tried the filet mignon slices with the miso sesame seed glaze over charcoal -- great*kabocha tofu:not the tastiest of desserts, but did appreciate the release of cinnamon smoke when lifting the lidends with house made truffle chocolate and matcha -- goodalso sample the uni ravioli and unagi rice bowl.  fresh sashimi, pretty much everything was spot on and I recommend this place if the menu sounds good to you.had another special dinner here $82*amuse: japanese eggplanthokkaido uni, CA caviar, quail egg 62 deg C, chinese yam (grated crunchy), wasabi, umami dashi broth*jewelry box:japanese sea halibut wrapped around organic vegetables in a ponzu gelorganic baby spincah with organic tofu vinaigrette and almondBBQ unagi wrapped in jidori egg tamago and broccoli rabehousemade smoked scottish salmon and asparagus tempuraartisan foie gras with black truffle salt*surf and turfsterline silver strip loin and prawn in "seiro" with manila clam, season vegetable, ponzu sauce and sesame sauce (kinda like a shabu shabu)*rocky's jr jidori rice in clay potchicken with carrot, konnyaku, lotus root, fried tofu, and green pea*maccha garden3 desserts with housemade green tea ice cream and red bean puree plus mochiand cream puff with green tea inside and green tea gelee with raspberry.ice cream excellent
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2012,2/24/2012,263,558,4,6,7>Came here in the fall with the family.  Situated in the middle of a nice neighborhood.  I love how its open to public and makes for a nice stroll with plenty of flowers and vegetables to look at.  Lots of photographers here.Had some beautiful fall colors!
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,2/23/2012,128,409,17,8,10>If San Mateo ramen was the 2011-2012 NFL Football Season then:-Ramen Dojo are the Green Bay Packers. Impeccable. Their noodles go yard. Their toppings go yard. Their broth goes yard (get the garlic pork broth... sooooo good). Their only fumble is their small restaurant, so you have to wait FOR....E....VER (imagine The Sandlot voice). That small ass building is pretty much  the KC Chiefs... giving them a garbage loss. MOVE OUT TO A BIGGER SPOT!-Ramen Parlor are the San Francisco 49ers with their D being their lobster oil and that oh so juicy piece of shrimp in the soup. Mmmm...-Santa Ramen are the Cincinnati Bengals. Almost there but not quite. Their Jerome Simpson back flip into the end zone would have to be their large restaurant. You don't have to wait in ridiculous Disneyland lines like at Ramen Dojo.-Himawari are the New Orleans Saints because they have a wide selection of go-to players/menu items (compliment your ramen with sushi or how about the agedashi tofu or how about the karaage, etc.) and their oh so awesome roasted garlic on the table (which is free and not extra $$$)-Ajisen are the Indianapolis Colts... better Luck next year (see what I did there?). Their noodles are weak. Soup sucks. The only thing they have going for them AKA their Peyton Manning is their "Premium Pork" (Combo #1). But it doesn't really mean anything because everything else in the combo #1 sucks from the cabbage to the soup to the noodles. That bowl gets 2 wins for those 2 pieces of pork. OOOOH! So surprising... the Colts only had 2 wins this year too. They're definitely the Indianapolis Colts. Suck for Luck. Their karaage isn't even good, and they advertise it like it's Tim Tebow.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2011,2/22/2012,89,414,,3,4>"Arrachera de res".  Thats all you need to know.  Buy a pound or two, grill it, eat it.  Do it.I prefer the non-marinated version.After living in SoCal for many years its go great to find a fantastic Mexican market to buy kick ass carne asada for grilling.  Happiness!
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2011,2/20/2012,34,294,4,6,6>Central park is the best.  I am there practically every day, whether to walk my dogs in there, sitting at benches to people watch, walk through it on the way to catch the train to work and walk back, going to listen to the Thursday night concert series, or to eat a nice lunch on their very nice, green grass near the giraffe statue.  The Japanese garden is pretty, and there are a ton of koi in the water, and a weird bird with hair hangs out in there too.  There is a playground for kids, and also a bbq area with tables.  I really like it.  The arboretum society sells plants a few times a week near the gazebo part as well.  It is clean, it also is always stocked with pretty flowers, and it is a very cool place to hang out and relax.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2011,2/19/2012,227,377,4,5,6>I really like the special spicy Miso (it has ground pork) but I also like the normal spicy miso with the chashu pork as well. The special miso broth is pretty tasty - not heavy at all which is odd given how flavorful it is. You know when you sip something and you just want to keep sipping/slurping it up? That's how I feel with this special spicy miso broth.Also they have a burrito that is pretty tasty - $6 with chunk of pork. yum!
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,2/18/2012,196,1936,4,6,6>i've been on a serious froyo kick since i've been back from london.  after cooking at home last night, we wanted dessert.  we drove to fraiche and saw an empty bldg!  freaked out, i whipped out my phone and saw that it moved locations.  i love the new location, because there's a lot more seating and has a cafe feel.  there is a more extensive menu including smoothies, baked goods, and savory food.  the new oreo flavor is delicious!
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2011,2/17/2012,30,168,5,8,6>Fave: pretty much EVERYTHING (seriously)(Before I get to the food, I just want to say... I saw one of their wait staff IRONING the tablecloth in between guests.. Serious service!!)My 9th 5-star Yelp review goes to Village Pub, which, as others have said, is not pub-like at all but a very nice, classy restaurant. The price here is not extravagant -- pretty much every main entree tops out at $30. Now, it's not everyday food in terms of price, but certainly it's NOT one of those restaurants where you pay $50 for an entree and the portions are abysmally small. The portions are solid here. The ambience is nice (entrance at the back, which confused us for a bit), and the lighting is dim without being horribly dark. We could all see our menus, which is definitely a MUST. The wine list looks like it could've been written by J.K. Rowling -- as in, it's a thick book. I'm not hugely knowledgeable about wine, so I can't comment on whether the selection had great things. However, the FOOD was fantastic.We each had an appetizer -- the highlight was the abalone (a large, whole one!) with a very fresh poached egg. The main courses were all fantastic, including a special young goat entree, cooked three ways -- leg, belly (the most tender and tasty in my opinion), and medallions. And no, goat doesn't taste like chicken.. think pork but more flavor. The filet mignon special was also exquisite. A real plus was that all the side vegetables for the entrees were well-cooked. Tender and actual veggie flavor -- not swamped by any sauce. That's something most restaurants overlook.I'm a dessert fan, as my friends will tell you, and the highlight here, oddly enough, is the sorbets and ice creams. Normally I don't order those because it's not that original, but here, the sorbets and ice creams are HOMEMADE. I'll emphasize that again.. HOMEMADE. And they actually taste like the flavor they represent -- the grape was grape-like, the strawberry tasted like a fresh vine-picked berry, and the dark chocolate was like biting into a 70% cacao bar. Village Pub is certainly deserving of 5 stars -- the biggest complaint we had was that the shortbread that came with the sorbets and ice creams was a tad doughy. And that's a minor complaint in the grand scheme of things.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2012,6/27/2012,58,71,7,9,6>Sorry it took so long to post this review guys! Okay here's the story...Last thanksgiving I am driving down El Camino in Burlingame when out of nowhere this unlicensed driver comes flying backwards out of a driveway and hits my car! Nooo, not my baby! Anywho, thankfully it was a company truck so he had insurance. This was a first for me, so I had no idea what to do or where to go until a friend of my recommended me to Rod & Kiley. I was told they were super-honest, and ultra-cool. Well upon arrival, they were all that and a bag of chips! Not only were they upfront and honest, but they were also very kind in asking how I was, and if I was suffering from the accident. I immediately wanted to go shopping with Kiley, baby sit her kids, and hug Rod like i would my own brother, yeah they are that nice. Okay, enough mushy stuff...So obviously I had them work on my car, and they did a fantastic job. All the body parts and paint were back on looks just like new. Okay, now for Part Two of my novel.So It's now new years morning 2012 and once again I am in Burlingame driving along when yet another truck hits hits me! This time the guy ran a stop sign. you MEN  really can't drive for #%$! Anyway, this time it was a no-brainer. I took the car to Rodz and they not only fixed it in record time, but did a great job as well.GO TO THIS BODY SHOP!
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2012,6/26/2012,694,903,6,16,8>We took the Knife Skills class and it was money well spent. I am looking forward to future classes at Draeger's. Chef Mia was a great leader and really taught us a lot: terms, techniques, things to focus on or skip over, great little safety tricks and tips in general in the kitchen. I can see how the series of BASICS classes would benefit any level of home cook.Best things learned:Amazing way to cut a bell pepper so all the center bits with seeds and top stem are one disposed piece...how to peel tomato skin quick and easyHow I should hold a knife - really hold it/grip it
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2012,6/25/2012,44,152,3,5,4>I called at 8 on a Saturday and was able to get an appointment that morning.  There was a bit of a wait because she had a bunch of emergencies that morning.  Our rabbit was having an emergency as well because she had stopped eating/drinking/pooping/peeing.  Dr. Colangelo is good at communicating with people in addition to animals.  There is conservative vs. aggressive treatment and we were definitely for conservative treatment, and that is the way she was going so I think she has good judgement.  I think Pokey will make a full recovery but just needed some SQ fluids, pain relief, and quality food which they provided as well.The prices are good here and totally reasonable.  I was expecting it to cost more since it took so much time.  Her staff showed us how to syringe feed our rabbit.  The staff is knowledgeable and courteous.I am very appreciative of the care she gave us to help our Pokey recover..
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,6/24/2012,99,328,6,3,4>You know that awesome dream you once had: you walk into a tiny store, but it somehow has every beer that has ever been made?  That every time you go back it manages to have more beer?  Great news!  That wasn't a dream - that was this market!One of the times we went in we ended up buying many, many bottles of beer - they even gave us a nice bottle bag that we still use!  This last time I swore that we would only pick out *2* bottles.  Of course we ended up with 4 - there is a 10% discount then!  They had some great Dog Fish Head beers we hadn't seen/heard of before.  Their Belgian Beer selection has gotten so large - like a terribly awesome science experiment - that it has been given its own corner (away from the rest of the beer).Make sure you check it out before the beer selection becomes so large it passes the Schwarzchild limit and becomes a black hole of beer.  I bet they have something other than beer - I noticed a selection of awesome indian spices and chutneys - but why would you spend your money on anything other than beer?
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,6/23/2012,378,390,3,4,4>Definitely one of my go to place if I'm looking for a place to spend outdoors. I can play tennis, on the playground, walk around but I go there to do what I do best, lay around in the sun. I like to bring a lawn chair, beach blanket and my ipad or book and sit myself next to the giraffe right by the tennis courts or in the center field if I'm feeling social. Very nice, big open spaces and plenty to do to bring friends and family. I usually bring my out of town friends to the Japanese tea garden, the rose garden or to picnic on the center grass near the flag pole. Can't go wrong if you enjoy the outdoors!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2011,6/22/2012,403,410,4,6,5>4 stars for late night dim sum!  Available every night at 9pm!It's not amaaaaazing (for that, go to Great Eastern on Jackson St in SF), but it really hits the spot some nights.  Rice porridge with preserved duck egg, pan fried shrimp and chive dumplings, and fried glutenous rice puff stuffed with meat (my favorite!)... and for $10/3 dishes is a great deal!  Going with a friend is even better because you can get a wide variety of dishes for $20!  I also enjoy the meat wrapped in tofu skin, and the sticky rice in lotus leaf is quite nice.  Yumyum.It's nice to know if I'm working late in the office any of these nights, I can get some inexpensive late night dim sum for dinner.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2011,6/21/2012,43,112,8,5,4>BONUS HOLIDAY REVIEWWhy is it a bonus? Because not only am I giving you a review to use but I am also giving you a quick tip for you to remember and pass down to your seed when the time comes. It's like a Jeopardy Daily Double, except this is just for you, the reader.Quick Tip:  BRING PAPER AND PEN.   Or bring something that can be used as a writing instrument whether it's an etch-a-sketch, parchment, or stone and a chisel.   So tonight, it was chosen to come to Mingalaba for dinner and indulge in some Burmese cuisine.  There was three of us and got seated quickly.  I believe the owner, Joyce I think her name is, was the one who took our food order.  I think she is the head person in charge because she walks around without smiling and sometimes sits down while everyone else is working.  You will know you are being served by this person when the following event happens.         So let's say you and your party decide to order five (5) things for dinner.  You order the Paratha, Rangoon Fish, string beans, Samusas soup, and a house noodle dish with tofu.  So Joyce, or the owner, comes and takes this down using only the power of her memory!  :-O.  Since she is the top dog, she has transcended the use of primitive order taking techniques of writing it down.  She then repeats the order back to you but only mentions 4 of the items and messes up on a detail of another of the 4 dishes she remembered.  So you clarify her mistake and mention that she forgot the soup.  Ok, you are making progress now and working toward that delicious meal arriving in front of you. Yay!  So she reiterates your entire order back to you but messes up on the details on two of the dishes including mentioning that the house noodle dish is with chicken, not tofu.  Oops!  So you clarify with her the two mistakes and all is right in the world.  But the tension builds even more! Why?  Because she has yet to reiterate the entire order back to you correctly using the super power of accurate memory and is going to make another attempt!  Now, she reiterates the five dishes back to you which she remembers (awesome!) but messes up on a detail of a different dish (boo!).  You correct her and she makes the adjustment in her head with a look that inspires absolutely no confidence that you will get your order 100% correct and she turns away and punches it into the computer.          Now the nail biting begins as you wonder what will come out of the kitchen and if it will be correct at all.  So the first thing that comes out was not the appetizer of the Paratha but the soup!  But why complain when it's the very thing you ordered! (1 for 1 so far).  Next thing that comes out a few minutes later for you is the house noodle dish, but it has chicken on it and not tofu (insert Price Is Right contestant getting eliminated tuba music jingle here).  So that gets sent back (1 for 2).   Next up that comes out is the string beans (2 for 3).  They are batting over 50% now so that's still pretty good.  Next dish that gets set down in front of you is the Rangoon Prawn dish.  Ouch, as you asked for the Rangoon Fish you request them to send it back with the correct Rangoon order as it seems that the lady who put in the order has gotten everything wrong it seems because she didn't write it down(2 for 4).  The noodle dish comes back out and the dish is correct this time, finally!  A few minutes later the Rangoon fish comes out as it should.  Awesome!  Things are coming together for you and your group for dinner.  But in case you forgot about a small detail in this food murder mystery, we ordered 5 dishes, not 4! :-O  (Dun dun dunnnnn).          As you are almost full, you realize that the Paratha appetizer has yet to come out and want to just cancel it as you have no room for it.  Impeccably, when you request for the dish to be cancelled, it comes out and is laid on the table (3 for 5).  Oh well.  Now the time has come to pay the bill and then you take a look at the freshly placed receipt for the order.   So let's say you are like most people and look at the total first then work your way up, except that you don't have time to work your up the bill as the boss lady snatches the bill from your hand and 20 seconds later put another bill in your hand with a higher total.  You put on your detective hat and figure out that boss lady remembered to tack on a second order of a $1.95 tea beverage you requested and received that another worker forgot to charge you for, (damn!).  So now you are left with the conundrum of how much tip you ought to leave while you turn around and see boss lady sitting at a table behind you ordering people around.  Every other employee there was super friendly, responsive, and tended to your every need in correcting the order, but your server "Joyce" butchered your dinner to an irritating degree. How does this fable end?  Well it got 4 stars. I will update if I am asked to reveal the mystery. :-)
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2012,6/20/2012,267,761,6,10,11>While walking around in downtown San Mateo, we spotted this place. WHAT?! Curry Up Now has a storefront. I no longer have to go chasing their truck. Yay!! The last time I had their food I remember it was damn spicy. While placing my order I asked if they could make it less spicy. Apparently they only do one level of spicy and that's "medium". Er... ok. Well the cashier offered to give me some yogurt. We ordered sexy fries and a chicken kathi. SO DAMN SPICY. You need to be able to handle spicy. Pretty much all items served here are spicy. It was my first time trying the kathi. It's kind of like the burrito but no rice and instead of a tortilla it's wrapped with egg. The yogurt helped a little to calm my mouth. I also had the rose mango lassi which helped the most to calm my mouth. The sexy fries were so good. Eat them fresh or else the fries get soggy. As we left the place, the same cashier made a note to ask if the spicy level was ok. Thanks for remembering and caring!  Also note, this place is definitely good because we saw lots of Indians dine here. Must be authentic enough for them right?
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2011,6/19/2012,64,97,3,4,4>My trekking over 92 to go to the gym didn't last too long... I've only been coming here since the beginning of September but for what it's worth I like this little gym. It's mainly retired, senior citizen age folks which is fine with me. There's always several cardio machine open when I've come plus they all have individual t.v.'s. You just plug in your head phones or read a book or magazine. I know another reviewer complained about no ventilated air system here but I'd much rather breath fresh clean air as opposed to breathing recycled sweaty balls smelling air. Seriously I think it's a huge plus. I still have some things to explore seeing how I've been here all of 7 times but when I'm ready there's classes and personal trainers. All of the staff are very friendly too.My only gripe are the hours. I've been able to make it in during morning time but having an infant means that I have to have a flexible schedule, i.e. sometimes I can only make the gym after he's asleep which is 9pm some nights. Anyhow for convince sake this place is great. Plus it's not in a shopping center like the other gyms in HMB so you don't feel like you're in a fish bowl.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2011,6/18/2012,29,866,,3,4>This place so crowded every single weekend afternoon. The space inside the store is small and people just line up across the little plaza outside.With the amount of people crowded in front of their glass cases of food, and the menu only covering a small portion of what they have, it's literally impossible to figure out what you want before they yell for your order. Also impossible to grab your food from them easily when it's ready.However, I must say, their baguettes are delicious. Ham and cheese is my default when I'm rushed. Not really a fan of their soup though, and never bothered to fight the soccer moms to squeeze in front of the desserts to order any.I'm not sure if this place has any off-peak hours. But if you manage to grab some bread from them, you'll be pleased with what you got.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2012,3/12/2013,169,123,5,10,5>So, I really love dance. Learning while juggling classes at college wasn't always easy, and I'm an impatient student, but Dan managed to keep my interest in Latin. This part will be just for Dan: he offers a free 30-min lesson to have you test things out. The information he gives is well worth it though and he makes it a fun time. He puts in a lot of effort to create the perfect lessons for any student. Outside of class, he'll be willing to answer other questions about dance and he's always busy writing out a curriculum or syllabus for the classes / lessons he's teaching that week. Age and experience does not matter at all! All the students he works with vary in either / both and still have shown an enormous amount of improvement in such a short time. He's also got fun group classes, if you want to get a feel of his teaching.If you're willing to be a competitive dancer, he'll definitely train you well and help your preparation pre-comp. I noted that at the most recent Cheryl Burke Showcase, he made sure all his students were ready and finished their makeup and personally led them to warm up. From personal experience, he helped me pick out my competition dress and made routines for me and my partner. To summarize the raving, he's a caring and professional instructor. Hit him up, homies. A few misc. notes for the STUDIO: - First lesson at the studio is free. - Zumba is very popular here as well. They have fresh towels to use so you don't have to drip your sweat everywhere. Bonus: complimentary fresh fruit.- There are social dance events every week. CBD has their own weekend parties, but the most popular one is the independent Wednesday Night Hop, which always takes up any and all spaces in the parking lot.If you want recommendations, you can always message me and let me know what dances you're interested in. I'd be happy to give suggestions for appropriate teachers!
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,3/11/2013,263,294,3,9,4>I really love this dental office!!PROS:1. The Dentists are really nice here and super attentive. One of the dentists I saw here was incredibly nice when I had to get a filling done. He saw that my lips were getting really chapped and asked the assistant to get me some chapstick so it wasn't so painful. SOOO appreciative of that gesture! 2. There are a LOT of them, so its easy to schedule appointments especially during the weekends3. The facilities are pretty new and super clean. I loved the fact that after they took xrays, they not only wiped down the machine..they wiped down the giant apron-looking thing that covers your body during the x-rays. Plus, each individual area has a tv to put you at ease.4. They let you schedule appointments online 5. They give you a battery operated toothbrush if you check-in on Yelp! :)Even though there isn't as much consistency with having just one dentist, they have everything in your  file and each dentist I've seen has treated me with the same kind of professionalism and caring. If you do want the same dentist, you can always ask about that person's schedule to see if they have availability. My favorite dentists I've seen from here are Dr. Kwan, Dr. Kim, and Dr. Chen..definitely highly recommend any of them from here! :)
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,3/10/2013,85,147,4,9,8>My team entire team (40+ ppl) came here for Happy Hour after volunteering.  The location is super convenient for everyone (those who need to commute home via Cal-Train and those who drove and need parking.Kim, the manager of the place is super reliable and helped us plan the event.  She is also very responsive.Dennis, the owner treated us really well and made sure that our team feels welcome.This place is great for 75+ people for a low key event!  I am a big fan of their wings and recommend this place for people who want a laid back vibe!
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2012,3/9/2013,185,194,6,11,12>Stopped by after going to the Farmer's Market today.  I've been watching and waiting for it to open for months.  Though not affiliated with Tortellini Originale nearby, the people who operate it are relatives.  It seems good food runs in the family.I agree with other reviewers that the way you order - you're standing on the ground looking up at the server standing on a platform at the edge of the train car, about 10 feet up- is awkward and ineffiecient.  They need to work on that.  I ordered the Railroad X-ing ($6.95), grilled chicken, peppers and onions and chipotle-cayenne- smoked paprika sauce in a pita with chopped raw tomatoes on top.  I liked that they used chicken thighs, because they're so much juicier and more flavorful, and the sauce was very tasty, although for those who are not spice wusses like me, it has way less of a kick than you'd expect based on ingredients.  I also got a small coleslaw ($3.25).  I'm always a bit wary with slaw, since it is often overly sweet and/or overly mayonnaised for my taste.Got stuck in a typical nice day, weekend Hwy 1 traffic jam on my way home and tasted the slaw while waiting.  I loved it.  They use both red and green cabbage, not too much mayo, well seasoned with salt and pepper, and a tiny hint of sweet... oh, it's litlle fine minced pieces of apple.  I'm going to steal that idea.  It was delicious.  The sandwich was in a pita, which I think is a mistake.  While it was very tasty, with proportions of meat to peppers and onions and tomatoes just right, the pita kind of fell apart, making it hard to eat.  I'd suggest they convert it to a wrap and it would be better.Glad to see another good option locally.  I don't know why people insist on comparing it to Gorilla BBQ in Pacifica just because they're both in train cars.  It's not even the same kind of food.  I think they have some kinks to iron out, and they definitely need to rethink the ordering process, but it's got potential, and I will return.  I'd give it 3.5 stars if I could.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,3/8/2013,1175,863,12,15,13>All last week I had it in my head that I was going to get myself a facial on NYE.  But I kept forgetting to call and actually make a dman appointment.  So on Saturday afternoon, like 5:30pm, I was calling around to all the skin places in the area.  Most were already closed; the others either didn't have any openings for such a short notice, or didn't even have aestheticians in on Mondays.  I ended up leaving a voicemail message for Abundance, not really expecting to get a call back....but like an hour or so later, Chrysann called me back and said she could indeed fit me in on Monday morning.  Yay!!!  So I booked the Pumpkin Facial and was happy.On Monday I arrived and sat down with Chrysann for the initial consultation.  She asked if I was really set on the Pumpkin Facial because it might be too harsh for my skin.  I said no, I'm really just there to get my skin happy and healthy (I haven't had a facial in like 3 years and that shit is so congested) so whatever she thinks is the best route, I'll go there.  She's the expert after all!So I ended up going with a short peel and an hour-long facial treatment, which was very nice.  I actually signed up for a series of peels over the next few weeks in order to set things at rights, so no need for extractions or any of that crap.  The peels, by the way, are minimally uncomfortable and not scary at all.  The treatment room is super adorable and cozy, and the little bed is warm and snug.  I love all the antique furniture around the room.  It's also clean and smells of lavender, so it's nice and calming.The products Chrysann uses are actually much more minimal than I expected.  Turns out I have been using way too many products, and the wrong kinds at that, for years.  I didn't expect to hear that....normally, aestheticians try to sell you MORE stuff, not tell you to use less.  I didn't feel like I was getting a hard sell either.  Instead of trying to hawk a bunch of products to me at the end of the session, she gave me a week's worth of samples to take home to see if I even like the product line and if it's going to be right for me.  No sense buying it if it's not going to work, right?  I like that approach.So I'll be coming back again next week for my second peel and a half-hour facial and after my experience, even my husband is thinking about coming in for a man-facial.  Ha!  Awesome.Oh, and I didn't realize it until after my session, but Chrysann usually isn't even open on Mondays.  She said it's normally just an "office day".  But she fit me in  anyway.  Yay!  :D
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,3/7/2013,396,518,2,3,4>I love Half Moon Bay Wine & Cheese- not only for their amazingly delicious cheese and wine but also because of their stellar service and extremely kind employees. I moved to HMB five months ago and have been in the store a number of times to grab a baguette or a bag of liquorice, bottles of wine, cheese that's out of this world, and other various goodies. Whenever our friends visit we also end up making several stops to this place to grab another bottle of red or white wine. The staff is very educated here and they offer tastings here although I haven't done one yet. What really set this place apart to me though was the people who run this place. They make me appreciate moving to a small town with nice local shops! A month or so ago I emailed HMB Wine & Cheese Co.- I asked if they had any spare wooden wine boxes that I might recycle and use as a small container garden. I received a very sweet email back promising that they would set a few aside for me (they were all out as many employees took them home to garden in.. I guess we're all on pinterest, haha) and this weekend when a group of my friends visited from NYC, LA, and SB we ended up in the shop once again. I asked if they had any wine boxes to spare and happily walked home with two very cute ones! They remembered who I was from my email and I thought it was very kind of them to let me take a few to my house. They also sell their own wooden wine boxes with the HMB Wine & Cheese logo, which is pretty cool!
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,3/6/2013,181,203,4,8,7>YES!!!Online ordering so that I can laze about my house and then go pick up my burger right when it's ready? Yes.Juicy, cooked to order burgers just the way you want them, including sides? Yes.Pickle spears at the condiment bar to snack on while I wait for my order to be ready? Yes.Burger bowl options for those who are carb-consciously minded? Yes.Friendly service and eager to please staff? Yes!This place has all that it takes to make a good old fashioned burger. Many have tried (I'm talking to you, The Counter and Taxi's) but few have succeeded. Jeffrey's gets my hamburger business henceforth.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,3/5/2013,100,285,100,111,105>If you're a creature of habit, it's good to break out of your box every once in a while.  If your habit is hiking, there's no better breakout destination than Purisima!Replete with stunning ocean vistas, yelp.com/biz_photos/CV_6 towering redwoods, yelp.com/biz_photos/CV_6  shady well kept trails, yelp.com/biz_photos/CV_6, and a quiet, majestic, natural splendor, yelp.com/biz_photos/CV_6 Purisima Creek Redwood Open Space Preserve is one of the most strikingly beautiful hiking venues in California.  Were it not for the fact that dogs aren't allowed, this would become one of my favorite hiking venues, despite the forty-minute drive from my house.Are you fond of dry, hot, arid hikes under a scorching sun?  If so, your desires would be better served at Fremont's Mission Peak in August.  Even on sunny, warm Summer days, it's rarely hot in Purisima, and I've been very thankful for my gloves during some early Spring and late Fall visits.Purisima is HUGE, with multiple trailheads and numerous hiking options; both out-and-back and loop trails are available.  I'll confess I'm most partial to long, challenging loops, and that's just what my friend and legendary Yelp trailblazer Bradley N. took us on in April of 2012 when I visited here for the first time.  Entering the preserve through a little-used byway, we shared a vigorous, ten-mile hike.  Talking non-stop, pausing only briefly for pictures, we worked up an appetite that would do any four Yelpers (or ten grizzly bears recently risen from hibernation) proud!  Afterwards, we adjourned to  the "Redwood Bistro", where we made short work of mass quantities of amazingly delicious Neapolitan-style pizzas, as well as a couple of bottles of Cabernet that I brought along for the occasion.A couple of months later, I set out to repeat the hike Bradley and I had done.  That's when I discovered that there are multiple Skyline Boulevard trailheads.  This second experience was nowhere near as satisfying as the first, so before returning a third time, I consulted with Bradley for the details of his loop, and made sure to enter at the northern Skyline trailhead, which is close to where Skyline Boulevard meets CA 92.  Enough dilly-dallying!  Here's the nitty-gritty for those of you who want to follow in my footsteps and experience a breathtaking, invigorating, and somewhat strenuous ten mile trip which includes the North Ridge, Whittemore Gluch, Purisima Creek, Craig Britton, and Harkins Ridge Trails.  Start at the North Ridge Trail, which begins with switchbacks through sunny chaparral-covered slopes, and gradually descends past wild ferns, oaks, and Douglas firs.  After about 45 minutes, you'll hear the sound of Whittemore Creek and enter the shade of a majestic forest of firs and redwoods.  Continue on to Purisima Creek Trail and connect with Craig Britton Trail.  The trail leads through tall redwoods that give way to mixed evergreen forest and oak woodland as you approach its junction with Harkins Ridge Trail.  The last challenge of this scenic route is a steady ascent north on the Harkins Ridge Trail and back to Skyline Boulevard.I've had the privilege of enjoying Purisima in Spring, Summer, and Fall.  While I think it's beautiful any time of year, I prefer to maximize my enjoyment of this incredible wilderness venue by visiting in late Spring and early Summer, when the days are long, sunny, mostly dry, and the creeks are swollen with water.  Whenever you choose to visit, this is one of the best of California's legendary Open Space Preserves - a five star destination that really shouldn't be missed![The End]NOTE: The address in Purisima's Yelp listing will take you to the southernmost Skyline Boulevard trailhead, which gives easy access to the very short (.3 miles) Redwood Trail and the much longer Purisima Creek Trail.  The latter starts with a fairly dramatic elevation drop that continues for several miles.  If done as an out-and-back it will result in having the most challenging terrain at the end of your hike; that's fine for some, but I prefer to front-load my hiking challenges :-)
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,3/4/2013,77,335,4,13,8>I walked into Alegio Chocolaté on accident. My girlfriend screamed "chocolate," so we had to step inside. It was a very pretty shop with lots of colorful boxes on the walls. I asked the owner to walk me through his tiny shop and he instantly lit up. I knew I liked him from that instant on. He sat me down and started talking about all the amazing chocolates that he sold. As we talked he would periodically hand me small pieces of chocolate and ask me to taste each piece. Loving chocolate, I knew that the proper way to eat it was not to chew it so I let each piece slowly dissolve in my mouth. Each piece was more amazing than the last. He played guessing games with me. Sometimes asking "What percentage of chocolate do you think it is?" or "What hints of flavor do you taste?"It was fun, educational, and mostly delicious. In the end I bought a few gifts for my boyfriend and a friend of mine. I would highly recommend coming here if you are in Palo Alto. In life it is rare to meet people with such passion about one subject. You can tell that the owner loves chocolate, pure ingredients, meeting people and sharing his knowledge with others. It's only my first visit but I am already hooked! Can't wait to go there again! As a side note... two things I think that do not mix in life are "orange and chocolate" and "ginger and chocolate." When I left Alegio Chocolaté I left with a "orange and chocolate bar" and a "ginger and chocolate bar." Never in my whole life was I so happy to be wrong. So much so that I had to buy them to share with others to make them understand that those combinations can truly work if done correctly. Amazing.One last tid bit... you can feel great about eating the chocolate because it is organic, vegan, fair trade and and sustainable!
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,3/3/2013,42,100,7,11,9>***BEST PIZZA ON THE PENINSULA***Obviously the pizza is the star and well deserves 5 stars... but I will get to that in a minute.  I've had this restaurant bookmarked for four months and was thrilled I was finally able to try it last night.  If I could give it 6 stars, I would as we were treated to a true VIP experience.  I called at 9:30 to find out what time the kitchen closed and was told 10:00.  I asked if they would still seat us if we got there in 15 minutes and was told yes.  We didn't end up arriving until right at 10- chairs were up, restaurant was empty.  We were greeted by James (who I assume is the manager) who said the fire was still going and they would be happy to make us some food.  With the restaurant to ourselves (very romantic!), he walked us through the menu and pointed out some of his favorites and best sellers.  In addition, our server (who I am certain was less than thrilled to be working late) was still friendly and very attentive.  We decided on the Cauliflower and Margharita pizza.  Both were truly remarkable.  The cauliflower was roasted and drizzled in a sweet and spicy glaze and sprinkled with crunchy almonds.  The true treat was the pizza.  You just can't beat pizza cooked in a wood-fired oven.  The crust is thin and crispy and delicious!  The cheese was creamy/melty/bubbly, the sauce was sweet and tangy, the basil added that little bit of freshness and the sprinkle of fleur du sel enhanced the flavor even more!   Vesta has now become synonymous with pizza on the peninsula.  I'm afraid all other pizzas will pale in comparison.  These guys clearly want to make a good impression and work hard to provide incredible food and incredible service to their patrons.  I can't wait to return and try the Sausage and honey pizza- their best seller.  (And a special message to James:  Thank you SO much for being so accommodating.  I am just sorry we were unable to say thank you in person and goodbye.  It was quite a treat and an evening we will talk about for a very long time!  You have well-earned two more dedicated and loyal customers!)
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2009,5/12/2009,1315,471,16,19,18>GREAT residential breakfast spot. A busy, and very popular, place to enjoy large portions of delicious early bird favorites. I decided to compile a list for you of what makes Nini's deserving of a 5-star rating: ~Easy to find and plenty of street parking along the dead-end side street. ~Not much of a wait, even on a busy Sunday morning. ~Fresh hot coffee and tea OUTSIDE for those who choose to wait for a table. ~Outdoor (covered) patio for those who want to eat in fresh air; rain or shine. ~Plenty of seats for a place that isn't very spacious, including seats at the counter where you can watch the servers and cooks in action. ~The staff here at Nini's are like family; they were laughing and cracking jokes at each other, as well as with their regulars (and there were A LOT of regulars!) They were even giving each other hugs! Have you hugged your coworkers lately? ~Our waitress was nice; she suggested that we try their Famous Teriyaki Steak. The entire staff worked well together to keep the food coming fast, keep the cups filled, and keep the customers satisfied. ~Their Famous Teriyaki Steak: I ABBZolutely LOVED it! The meat was incredibly soft and the sauce was sweet and tangy (VERY good). I appreciate restaurants that serve items that are out-of-the-ordinary, especially for breakfast. This dish isn't like beef or chicken teriyaki. Its a MUST try, if not for breakfast, try it for lunch since they're not open for dinner. ~Polish Sausage with scrambled eggs, red and yellow bell peppers, mushrooms & cheddar, served with hash and toast: large portions and tasty, but doesn't come close to the goodness of the Teriyaki Steak. ~Decor was all over the place, literally. There were sports memorabilia, pictures of famous actors and actresses, giant fish, street signs, football helmets (sorry DJ, no Steelers helmet, only Raiders and Niners, so I gotta go with the Red & Gold this time).  The place is  comfy & cozy!  If you don't want to wait for a table, people at the counter are usually up-and-out within minutes.  And for the negatives:~Chocolate shake was not very chocolatey.  This would have resorted to the loss of one star (I'm serious about my chocolate shakes) but that Teriyaki Steak made up for it.Abby A. wishes for you all to have something different for breakfast: teriyaki steak people; do it.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/7/2008,5/11/2009,386,452,13,12,13>Don't normally go out in downtown Mt. View but since it was a special occasion, my dear Mikey's birthday, we ventured out to Mt. View for his Zen Lounge celebration. I love the upstairs area where we were situated. It really allowed us to have our own private space while also getting a chance to watch all the action below. Having a place to sit and take a break from the crazy dancing down on the dance floor was also great. Wished there were more bathrooms, especially for the ladies, two upstairs and one downstairs especially for all the ladies is just not enough. Music was good- consisted of a nice mix but BOO for not playing American Boy when we requested it and only playing it AFTER Michael H left...over an hr later! hello Mr. DJ...we were waiting to hear M.H. rap! Funniest memory from that night: Watching a girl come barreling through the our group sobbing hysterically in the stairwell who was pretty inconsolable despite the efforts of her friend, then turning around and seeing her give Mikey a personal dance completely A-OK shortly after. Hilarious!
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2009,5/10/2009,814,137,16,14,16>Brazil is known for their soccer (Renaldo), attractive supermodel (Gisele), but lets not forget their Brazilian bbq.On a breezy Saturday night, my fantasy came true.  With my buckle lose, I was served endless cuts of meat.  Samba through the wide panel front doors, the senses are heightened.  Floral shaped lamps and live jazz on a grand piano will do just that.The open space and high ceiling, coveys cozy.  But just when I started getting comfortable, details such as self branded knives and minimalistic style interior add a hint of sophistication, just enough to keep my curiosity.  Playing center stage is meat, but the way it is delivered, executed, and presented makes this meal worth talking about.  At table side, you're in control.  A handy contraption directs the inventory of meat. Green means "take me to gluttony, Father forgive me for I have sinned" while red means, "I'll be back."  Being creative, I found this to have other playful uses.  After a fight with my lady, green would me "lets kiss and makeup" while red means "I am not ready to talk, but keep the food coming."  Staying on point,..  Just like a well played soccer game, each meat has its own role.  With a handful served table side, the parade just got started.  Servers dressed in charming black outfits (Zorro without the mask) arrive at the edge of the table, introducing each selection.  "This is filet mignon!"   Just like the samba, each meat dances to a different note.  Some are meant to be served well done while other cuts, medium rare would be on point.  Some, more savory than others. The Parmesan cheese pork loin features nutty notes from heated cheese.  The chicken breast wrapped in bacon is all about contrast.  Moist meat made savory with savory bacon.For a taste of adventure, chicken hearts amplify the same texture as the home-made pork sausage.  Starting the surf and turf parade, the grilled shrimp is aromatic from the roasted flavors from sea-sweet meat.  Before entering beef colony, a slice of grilled pineapple refreshes the palate with a tart kicker.Disregarding apparent signs of my already perturbing sake belly, I had to be the brave warrior.  Tender all around, the filet mignon started whet my palate.  Starting to fade into food coma, the next few selections continued my fantasy.A small piece of sirloin steak, top sirloin, flank steak. "Keep it coming," I uttered.  It appeared I was in butcher class at Brazil's culinary school.  My stomach hinted that I turn the sign to red, but my mind reminded me that I was the hunter, the gatherer of meat, so I continued.  Arriving on a rustic cart, the big boned short ribs reminded me of my Saturday cartoon day watching the Flintstones.It was somewhat barbaric looking and enticing.  One bite, I yelled "GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!" Just like the soccer announcer on the Spanish channel.  I have found my cut after an array of tasting.  The beef rib features tender blushing pink beef, complimented by a thin layer of fat acting as a nudge of sweet support.I had arrived.  "Don't touch me, don't talk to me, just let me enjoy meat ecstasy."At the moment, everything stopped, just for a second.  Finding the right cut of meat is the closest thing I would do connecting with meat.All the while, the beef floats had passed.  Just when I just thought the dancing would halt, a full army of dishes awaited me.  As seen on Anthony Bourdain's Brazil episode, the national dish fejoada (stew of beans with pork and beef beans) opened comfort food heaven.  A few scopes on top of pillowy rice was a meal in itself.Vibrant paella, nutty aged cheese, savory smoked salon, crunchy heart of palms, I just didn't know where to start and when to stop.While the sushi platter deserved a golf-like mini clap for the strong attempt, it simply missed the mark.  Rounding out the feast, dessert was eye catching as any Brazilian super model.  Refreshing the palate, the vibrant duel tone tart mango raspberry sorbet did the trick.  The petite gateau is all about temperature contrast.  Vanilla ice cream cools the palate while warm Belgium chocolate "hugs" the soul.   End the meal with the national drink caipirinha, giving the palate a refreshing lime taste.note: Service is attentive, water refilled and servers polite.  I have been to a more budget one, Cleo's in San Bruno.  I would skip even trying Cleo's.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2009,5/9/2009,905,867,8,16,13>Finally!  What a pleasant surprise!  Top notch Thai food along the Peninsula!I had actually been to this location once before when it was a previous restaurant called Yellow Ginger and served Singaporean cuisine.  Interestingly, references to Yellow Ginger are hard to find on Yelp, but Google does show old reviews along with some old photos I posted.Although the space is the same, the decor of Shana Thai is a tad nicer.  There's a (new?) bar area, modern dark colored wood chairs, and an overall nicer ambiance.  Waiters wear all black and you can tell the owners are going for an upscale look, with well-presented cuisine, fancy cocktails, and creative desserts.  Of course, I had been fooled by such things before and I maintained a level of skepticism.  The prior restaurant Yellow Ginger had actually looked fairly nice too, but the food, except the roti, had been a disappointment.  In the end, it's all about the food, and I promised myself to ignore the comfortable surroundings.One note: Although Shana Thai is a nice looking restaurant, the surrounding area of Moffett Boulevard is not the nicest.  It's by now means that bad compared to some of the neighborhoods we have here, but the Mercado next door and a few beat down cars does make Shana Thai standout a bit.  The area does feel safe.  We comfortably parked in the lot and even chatted with a man walking his dog late in the evening.  Our order consisted of the following:Green Curry Roti - the roti served at Shana Thai is quite different from the shredded flaky roti I've had at most Singaporean restaurants.  In fact, the roti, cut into 6 pieces resembles a Chinese scallion pancake in appearance.  It's crispy, flat, and firm.  It's accompanied by green curry sauce and a few slices of deep fried eggplant.  By appearances alone, I was a bit skeptical, but once I spread the divine curry on the roti, folded, and chewed, I was extremely happy.  The sauce is creamy and rich and even softens the fried and crispy roti.  Adding an eggplant and putting more curry proved even better.  Is it the same as a traditional roti?  Absolutely not.  But I enjoyed this variation quite a bit and thought the serving size to be generous.  Tom Yum soup - the classic soup was served in a small bowl and perfect for two.  At $5 for the prawn version, I thought it was a steal.  Three large prawns were included plentiful vegetables.  My only criticism was that the soup was slightly lukewarm.  I like versions that are served with a bunsen burner as in many Thai restaurants, because it ensures the soup is piping hot.  Flavor though was spot-on.Mango Scallops - 6 large scallops were served on a bed of lettuce and mango.  I don't think mangos are in season now, but the combination of vinegar and sauce must have tenderized the mango pieces.  The sour and tart flavor were a nice accompaniment to the juicy scallops.  I always worry that people overcook scallops.  No worries here.  While the entree was served on a large platter, as our one main dish, I thought the Mango scallop dish was a bit too salad-like.  The Tangy seabass would have probably been a heartier main dish entree or the ribeye steak.  Pumpkin chicken curry - I had seen reviews praising the pumpkin curry and we had to order some although I'm not a big fan of pumpkin or gourds in general.  Boy am I glad I did!  After having the excellent green curry with the roti, we realized with this dish that Shana Thai is really top notch with their curry.  Whether it's more coconut milk or some other secret ingredient, all the curries we had were simply addicting.  We ordered another bowl of coconut rice just so we could enjoy more of the curry sauce.  Thumbs up!Shana Thai is a welcome addition to the Peninsula food scene and I think one of the stronger Thai restaurants in the area.  As a fan of Marnee Thai in San Francisco and Krung Thai in San Jose (but not their Mountain View branch), I'm glad to have another Thai restaurant closer to me that I can enjoy.  While I'm looking forward to returning for more curry, I'm also excited to try other dishes, including the seabass and the ribeye steak.  We'll definitely be back.Shana Thai accepts credit cards including American Express.P.S. as an additional note, it should be shared that food service is on the slower side.  It's not horrible, but I saw more than one table waiting and the pacing of food seemed as if the kitchen wasn't quite up to speed yet.  The time between our appetizer, soup, and main entrees was on the order of 10 minutes or so, whereas most established restaurants seem to serve those items at least twice the speed.  Hopefully, this is just growing pains.  The food is worth it so made the wait worthwhile.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2009,5/8/2009,830,598,14,14,13>Wow! I thought I gave a review for this place...I guess not. My aunt and I came here for a late lunch after we were done running errands in the city. She mentioned that she ate here a long time ago with a friend of hers after she had moved out of RC. Too bad for her, she skipped out on the good food. Inside the restaurant, you'll recognize the rustic feel with the wooden chairs, dim lighting, and the grecian architecture....you'll definitely love it here! We started off with an appetizer of steamed mussels which is cooked in white wine, garlic, shallots, lemon and chili flakes. For two ladies, it's a large plate and we didn't want to stuff ourselves before receiving our entrees. I would have loved a little more garlic, but the outcome was fantastic! Finally, our order of Penne Rigate (rotisserie chicken, basil pesto, baby tomato, topped with shaved grana) and smoked salmon pizza (cream cheese, tarragon, yukon gold potato, scallion and creme fraiche) came to our table. We both enjoyed the pasta after divulging into the pizza. The salmon was a little different to my taste since I'm immune to meat on crusted pizza, but I would order it again. After seeing the plates almost empty, we ended up wrapping the leftovers and taking it back home. Would I recommend this place....heck yeah! Don't worry about the wait and the service, because it's worth it! And for you happy hour people, you'll be lucky to try a little bit of something off the menu.HAPPY HOUR INFO:Tuesdays-Fridays, 4pm-6pmDrinks:$3 beers on tap$4 select white wine by the glass$4 select red wine by the glass$5 mojito$5 bubbles$5 mandaloun cosmo$6 pomegranateFood menu:$3 crispy garlic fries$4 spicy chicken wings$5 ceviche$6 personal margherita pizza$6 crispy calamari$6 mediterranean mussels$6 roasted garlic hummus$6 house smoked salmon
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2009,5/7/2009,976,1382,28,20,18>Listen very carefully. Do as I say and you will avoid looking like some outsider who has never been to rose before. 1. Don't even look at the counter. You might *think* that is where you order the food because there is food there. No, head to the cash register and order from the guy yelling orders into a phone. If you hear *koubideh, something, something* that's your man. 2. Menus are right next to the cash register. Look quickly and order decisively. 3. Pay up and once you're done ordering from the persian man you go into the parking lot and into an alley next to the dumpster (I kid you not) and pick you up your food from a pair of latino guys cooking up a storm. 4. Pick a table and enjoy your meal in the parking lot. I had: (the following are all kebabs)1) koubideh $2.492) spicy lahori chicken tikka $5.993) ny steak $8.994) lamb chops $8.99So is the tale of dining at Rose International market. I picked up enough food to feed a small family. I enjoyed the...less than orthodox experience and really how can you go wrong with meat on a stick enjoyed in a back alley? Mmm, may need to re-word that.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2009,5/6/2009,32,37,5,8,9>So glad I found this mid-priced French charm!!!!Upon entering, I found all the tables in the cafe/bakery area filled with guests savoring over eye boogle-ing desserts!! mmm... it's nice to have a place where you can sit and have dessert. As for the restaurant....We were seated and serviced right away by a very attentive staff. Nadia, the owner (I am guessing), was very warm in welcoming my friend and I. I always appreciate when they give us extra attention-- niceness goes a long way ! I ordered the salmon steak stuffed dungeoness crab--- which was a little too rich for my taste, but still very good nonetheless. It was accompanied with some light salad noodles, puree'd mashed potatoes (loved this!), and some more veggies. I couldn't finish the entire thing, as the portion was large and I was stuffed with bread as well. But did I have dessert??? my friend and I decided not to order since we were so full, but Nadia said it was on-the-house! She actually brought an entire tray and let us pick what we wanted--- sigh, I stuffed myself even more with the raspberry tarte we chose. it was worth it though :) Think the surprise is over? nope! Nadia packed a croissant and eclair for each of us to take home!!! Talk about trying to make a good first impression! But this isn't the reason I'm giving La Boheme 5 stars.... The five stars is for : 1. Excellent service 2. Excellent food / portion for cost3. Tone: Formal, yet casual- good for dates- and not noisy4. Excellent food :) 5. Excellent service
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2009,5/5/2009,674,366,12,15,15>I liked it.I think I liked it too much that I ate too much of the buffet. I was expecting the tandoori chicken to be dry but it wasn't. Timing perhaps?  I came on a dinner buffet at 8pm so maybe they just came out with a fresh batch.  The garlic Naan is fresh too. I like dipping it into whatever curry I'm trying out. I had 4 Samosas here, some wild rice and curry chicken, some lamb, some vegetable noodles...Let's just say I was pretty satisfied from all the food and I ended up needing to head home immediately to digest them properly.I would definitely try this place again, maybe during the daytime. Too much good food here and it's nice to walk outside after a heavy meal. The service was great, the waiters immediately pull off your plate as soon as you're done and ready for a 2nd shot at that buffet.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2009,5/4/2009,109,682,12,12,10>So, I've been to Cleo's in San Bruno, Espetus in the City and now Pampas in the PA.  Each Brazillian Steakhouse I go to, the bar just keeps getting raised higher and higher.I previously mentioned that Espetus is "Phenomenal."  Well, it is, and I stand by it!  But, Pampas...geez....can you say, "Super-Phenomenal with a cherry on top?"Took the s/o there last Tuesday for dinner and apparently they had some wine tasting going on.  Looked fun actually, I might have to check that out the next time around.  Of course, we did the Rodizio and headed straight for the side bar.  Whoa...that plethora of food was awesome!  I loved the variety of salads they offered, antipasto and oh snap...they served up grilled cantaloupe.  Wrapped a piece of prosciutto on it and it was so damn delish!  They also had grilled (I think it was grilled) pears.  I couldn't stop popping them in my mouth!  They didn't have any meat entrees in their hot food section of the side bar, which didn't bother me.  All I got from that section was rice.Anyhow, commence the parade of meat.  Their beef, man it was a flavor explosion in my mouth!  I especially loved their sirloin with garlic and the sirloin with parmesan.  The pork loin was coated with some sweet, cinnamon-ish type of spice and it almost tasted like a holiday ham...I loved it!  They had served up some chicken legs, I forgot what it was called but if you're familiar with the Filipino-Style Chicken Adobo, it tasted very reminiscent of it.  Then again, like I mentioned in my reviews for Cleo's and Espetus, I suggest sticking to the beef, get your monies worth! :)My only disappointment was with their roasted pineapple.  I think it was overcooked so it came out dry and they didn't spice it up like they do at Cleo's or Espetus but, the sweetness of the pineapple made it all better!Also, they have THE BEST Cheese Bread!  They will replenish your plate without any hesitation!Service was also "Super-Phenomenal!"  Initially we had one server assigned to us but over the course of our meal, another server came into the scene.  Every time we left the table to go to the sidebar, our napkins were nicely folded, utensils arranged and table was spotless upon our return.  Also, our glasses never went empty...which is awesome because we drink our bevs pretty quick.  The Exec Chef, (Assistant?) Exec Chef and I'm guessing the manager even came out to our table to check on us.What's funny is that during our meal, one of the bussers was at the table next to us and I asked him where the restroom was.  Rather than point to where it was, I kind of was thrown off as he literally walked me to the door of the restroom. I really, really, really like Pampas!  I like it even better than Espetus, especially since it's so much closer to home.  I can see myself going here at least once a month or maybe twice...every payday!  Yeah, some past reviewers have complained that $45.00 per person is steep but, you get what you pay for.  $45.00 per person at Sizzler, then yes, you'll hear me complain...is Sizzler even still around??  hehe!One thing to note, it can get LOUD in the restaurant.  I'd suggest Pampas is a great place to have a fun, group dinner than a romantic, quiet dinner.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2008,5/3/2009,147,84,7,8,8>I didn't realize I like enchiladas that much until I had the Guajillo Enchiladas!!!!! (5 exclamation marks) RF and I were on a journey of AMEX dining because Mr. F needs to collect AMEX points. We came to Palo Alto Sol because they accept AMEX. As we sat and contemplating whether to get the chips and $8.25 guacamole, the server severed up a basket of  crispy chips with three different salsas.  We munched on the chip while we sipped on their (really really good) house margarita and having a grand old time.  I ordered the Guajillo and RF ordered the Serrano steak.  We finished the basket of chips and technically I should be half full but then came the Guajillo...thick orange sour cream sauce with the right amount of Guajillo chili and herb.  My half full stomach was awaken upon the first bite of this remarkable dish. At that point I could not stop eating. It was so good that I reluctant to give RF a taste. I am usually ok with Mexican food; I do not love or hate Mexican food but this dish makes me fall in love with the cuisine. I will definitely come back for more.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,3/2/2014,321,372,3,7,4>I admit, I have a thing for green tea salad. It is just so wonderful when done right. You are probably wondering...do they do it right? Yes, yes they do. It saves me a drive up to San Francisco. I love this stuff, and get it every time I go. The other food is lovely as well. I will stay for it and enjoy it. When I ask for spicy, they do their best. I really have to express to them that I want SPICY though, unless the message doesn't quite go through. A small complaint, to be certain. Of course, I am also a sucker for their little Caribbean drinks. I really don't understand how they fit in with the overall theme of the restaurant, but I am not going to complain. I will drink your rum based island punch, without complaint. It will be delicious. I recommend making a reservation, even if you do so only five minutes in advance. If you don't, you may be waiting a while.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,3/1/2014,809,645,10,19,14>I was stuck. Now, I don't mean just stuck in traffic on 101, I mean it was the worst gridlock ever seen on the Peninsula on Friday the 13th of December. No matter whichever way I drove, traffic was at a standstill. The gas gauge being at OMG, I veered off at Holly Street and began looking for parking. Armed with a Santa hat and bag of candy canes, I left my car in front of a busy church and began walking. As I turned the corner onto the main thoroughfare, a kindly gentleman was standing on the sidewalk in front of this restaurant. He asked me to come in. I hesitated for a moment thinking they only had small bites, but after a peek at the menu I was lured into this glorious haven. I was delighted to see that they carried the Smoke and Mirrors red blend because it is a delectable wine, a treat that went very well with the olives, pâté and lamb that were ordered. My favorite of the three dishes was by far the pâté. Made in house, it was a creamy rich chicken pâté of the likes I've never tasted before. I could eat it for every meal!  Divine!!  It came with bread, but one of the servers suggested I try it with the flatbread crackers which really brought out the flavors. The lamb meatballs didn't thrill me, but the olive blend had nicely roasted garlic pieces which made the blend special. It was the best rush hour I've had in a very long time and I sincerely hope the holiday traffic holds me up again just to give me an excuse to return sooner then later.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,2/28/2014,342,133,8,10,11>Came here a few times since moving to San Mateo. The thing to get here is the schnitzel. Any kind of schnitzel. If you've never had that before, make your first time here. Or don't. To save you from the disappointment you will face if you end up having schnitzel at a different place for the first time. Unless that place is in Solvang, CA or Europe. In the Bay Area, however, it's the best. The cheesy polenta that it is served with is to die for. It's creamy, and not to salty. It goes perfect with every bite of the schnitzel. I prefer the pork schnitzel with the polenta. Make sure that if you come here and order the chicken schnitzel that you sub the potatoes for the polenta. You'll be missing out! We like to end our meals here with a slice of princess cake. That heavenly cream filling and green marzipan are a delightful match. It's the best princess cake I've ever had. If you come with a dog, no worries! They have outdoor seating. Great on a warm evening. Lastly, don't forget to come at DINNER. The dishes that I mentioned above are only served on the dinner menu. They will not seat or serve you before dinner time. Trust. I tried.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,2/27/2014,56,302,1,6,4>This is a lovely, medium-large park near the train station right on Burlingame Avenue. The play area was fabulous--two separate structures, one for larger kids (5-9) and one for smaller kids (2-5). Lots of interest, including climbing structures, zip-line, slides, and stairs. Separately, there is a nice-sized sandbox and two swings, which I actually don't think are enough for a park this size. The rest of the park is lined with beautiful, mature trees, and is a great place to walk with your dog (or just take a walk). Walking to/from downtown Burlingame is only a few long blocks (but you have to cross the train tracks).
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2013,2/26/2014,228,190,5,14,9>Let me preface this review with the fact that I'm a carnivore. I will never give up eating meat but I do enjoy fish and tofu.I first had Garden Fresh at a business meeting. Even semi-warm, the food was surprising tasty, and I didn't miss the meat. I sampled a bunch of dishes - my favorite were the Singapore noodles, the tofu skin with asparagus and the scallion pancakes. I dragged my boo to Garden Fresh on a Thursday evening. He doesn't like tofu or vegan food. I wanted him to sample the yumminess I had before, and we ended up ordering too much! We started with the scallion pancakes (yum again), then got the Singapore noodles, orange "chicken", tofu skin with asparagus and brown rice. We loved the noodles and the orange chicken. I liked the tofu skin dish's sauce, the rolled up tofu skins were weirder the second time around for me. He didn't like that dish at all. With hot tea, the food added up to $47 before tip. Being a cheapie, that was pretty expensive for Chinese food. Next time, we'll just order the Singapore noodles, orange chicken and brown rice.The service was awesome though. The owner/server Alice was super friendly and asked for our names. The food came out quickly and piping hot. The restaurant is on a side street from University, so it's not so crazy and cramped. I will have GF cater some work events since so many Stanford kids are vegetarian or vegan. I encourage everyone to try this place at least once.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2013,2/25/2014,2,14,2,15,14>By far, the best taxi service in the Bay Area.I've used Call2Taxi probably 100 times over the past 3 years, primarily for trips between Palo Alto and one of the Bay Area airports.  It doesn't matter if the pickup time is 3:45am or 11pm - these guys are ALWAYS on-time, which has not been the case for other taxi / car companies I've used in the Palo Alto area.The drivers are incredibly professional and nice, and the cars are a big step above the typical "cab" (clean, leather seats, comfortable).  Using credit card is never an issue, and most of the drivers actually use Square, which is a huge convenience for those of us who have to submit receipts.I highly recommend Call2Taxi for anyone traveling for business or other reasons in the Bay Area - these guys are really, really good.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,2/24/2014,477,595,5,9,6>Kristine is amazing! I always feel like a movie star when I walk out of Le Burge't Salon. I get my hair and makeup done here and will never stray. Kristine is very sweet and always makes sure to get my input but I trust her completely and tell her to do whatever she thinks would be best. She really knows hair and is just phenomenal with color! I already asked her to do my wedding (whenever that will be!) Thank you Kristine for making me look and feel like a million bucks!
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,2/23/2014,439,150,1,5,4>It's a terrible feeling of emptiness when the PC that you've spent many hours assembling yourself is completely unresponsive to pressing the power button. No fans or blinking LEDs or hard drives spinning up - just complete silence as carefully chosen components have been screwed and snapped together to become a very expensive paperweight.A few weeks ago I decided to build myself a computer from scratch. I became obsessed with researching components and reading forums and very quickly I convinced myself that this would be a worthwhile investment of time and money. And as a software engineer, I felt like I had to build my own computer once. A few days later, a bunch of parts showed up at my doorstep and I went to work, only to arrive at a dead end.I didn't really have any tools or other components to isolate the issue so I turned to Yelp and found these guys. I called them and they actually mentioned that they'd assemble the entire computer for $65. At this point I decided to swallow my pride in being able to do the entire build all by myself (I had already borrowed many weekend hours from my wife and two young children), and I figured it would be a good chance to ask some questions and get some expert advice (and also be sure that the parts I had were working).Over the course of a couple days, we figured out that my motherboard was bad, so I got a replacement. I brought the rest o the parts in one evening. Dustin and Ron were super-nice and genuinely excited to help. We spent about an hour putting things together. I watched carefully and asked a lot of questions and breathed a huge sigh of relief when the computer booted up. Ron, without me asking, offered to help carry some of the boxes back to my car.Now I've got a sweet gaming PC that also boots OSX. I can still take pride in the fact that I built the entire thing once (and took it all apart), and I still have a fair bit of work to do in organizing the cables and installing the fans. Meanwhile I'm sort of looking for a reason to build another computer.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,2/22/2014,206,213,3,6,6>I'm addicted to Sichuan cuisine and was very sad to hear that Happy Noodles on B Street was closing down.  But my spirits were quickly picked up by Sichuan Chong Qing Cuisine (that is a tongue twister).  This place caught my eye when I saw their name hanging above the newly renovated restaurant.  I told myself I had to eat here ASAP to see if it was good.  I didn't dine in but did a take out order.  Everything was packaged nicely.  I ordered spicy beef tendon, a spicy vermicelli noodle with minced pork, spicy boiled fish and a vegetable dish with black & white fungus, broccoli and cauliflower.  This vegetable dish was recommended by the owner who told me it was good for your health due to the fungus.  I quite enjoyed this dish as it was simple but had good flavor.  Not to mention, it was a good palate cleanser between bites of yummy spiciness. The beef tendon had good flavor but was highly disappointing. Although it was sliced real thin, it lacked the chewy texture that I like.  It seemed more like it was frozen, then defrosted so it lacked that bounce.The boiled fish was good.  They don't skimp on the portions even though we did take out.  There were plenty of pieces and they weren't over boiled.  Perfect.At the end of my meal, I had to unbutton my pants and drink a few cups of water.  Deliciously spicy!  I'll be back real soon!Note: Credit card only if you spend $20 or more....which shouldn't be a problem.  I thought the prices were a bit higher than some other Sichuan restaurants.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,2/21/2014,79,131,4,12,9>Flea street cafe is one of my go-to restaurants for a nice dinner, hands down. Funny enough, I didn't realize until after coming here for my first time, that this place is Sheryl Sandberg's favorite restaurant and where she met with Mark Zuckerberg for the first time and where she had her interview with Oprah. If you have seen the interview, you know how much they rave about the biscuits, which at first I thought was interesting considering it's something that you don't usually see served at a new American restaurant. However, they ARE delicious and seriously, I would come here just for them and the bread, no joke. Their wine and cocktail list is also very impressive and is also something just for which I would come here.The restaurant is very homely, which is the first time I have truly have gotten that feeling at this kind of a fancy restaurant other than at the Chez Panisse restaurant in Berkeley. It could be due to the fact that the restaurant is very small and so you truly feel like someone is taking care of you in a homely environment. The food is also much like that served at Chez Panisse in terms of cooking style, presentation, and taste. Each dish is very wholesome and made with fresh ingredients and also has that tiny bit of French flair added to it. I enjoyed everything we had, especially the cheese plate. That dish was another thing besides the drinks and the bread/biscuits for which I could come here. It was so good and everything on the plate compliments each other PERFECTLY.I would highly recommend this place the next time you are celebrating a special occasion and see why Ms. Sandberg raves about this place!
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2009,4/12/2009,211,461,10,11,10>Windy City, I apologize to you. I unintentionally ignored you for a long time. You were like the nice guy who gets treated as just a friend. I repeatedly passed by you without much of a second glance and then one day I got to know you and poof! life gets interesting. Really I didn't want to believe you could live up to your promise. Good pizza and good BBQ? That's a lot to live up to. I actually put off writing this review until I had tried something from both sides of the menu*. However I should have known from the equal parts Chicago vs. Mississippi (and a dash of Texas) decor that they took both their pizza and their barbeque equally seriously. My first stop here was a lunch that involved brisket for me and pulled pork for John. The brisket was equally soft and smoky in texture and taste with a sweet sauce I found delightful complimentary. I say delightful because I usually loathe sweet BBQ sauce. The brisket and sauce stuck to the bun in the proper mush into white bread way that BBQ should and was devoured in record time. The potato salad that accompanied my sandwich was passable but not a standout like my sandwich. John's pulled pork sandwich was all right, juicy and saucy and paired nicely with his coleslaw. The coleslaw, though better than the potato salad, also fell squarely into the passable range.On our next visit, I ordered a personal #72 The Refridgerator. Note: Good thing this pizza comes on super thick crust because if it didn't all the weight of sauce, cheese and other goodies would flop out everywhere. Most of a personal sized filled the endless pit of pizza otherwise known as my stomach. Though it was super gooey and saucy and very tasty, it wasn't quite enough to crack my top 5 pizzas ever.Along with all the state driven decor, there is a small bar area and a large TV screen that will be on ESPN. The beers on tap usually have a guest brew and recently the guest was Firestone (hooray!). The tables are standard checkerboard picnic table. Comfortable and casual without feeling grubby. Reasonably priced and filling. Just like the forementioned sweet guy, this place is what we call "a keeper". * ok they also offer a Chicago style hot dog but I don't and won't eat hot dogs. Nothing against Windy City, mind you. I just don't eat them.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2009,4/11/2009,204,207,7,10,9>I've been wanting to try this little place for awhile. It is inconspicuous from the street but is filled with liveliness when the place is packed.  The menu is Beijing home style cooking. I got a chance to taste the following dishes...- Cumin lamb - Packed with cumin, chili, and onions. Delicious! OMG, I swallowed a chunk of chili which I thought might cause me to have a cardiac arrest. It went down the hatch plenty HOT! - Meat pie - Pan fried pancake filled with meat was good but needed something to perk it. - Beijing noodles - Cold noodle dish topped with thinly sliced cucumber, carrots and sprouts. The noodles are made fresh with nice smooth texture. You can ladle the spicy hot sauce on your noodle with as much as your heart desire. - Pork dumplings - Pieces of pork wrapped in skin was juicy and tender. The good: There's plenty of parking since it is away from the busy part of San Mateo shopping, The bad: Be mindful of the chili pieces.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2009,4/10/2009,222,387,11,10,11>"Thick and fresh" are the first two most descriptive words that come to mind when I recall their ramen concoctions. That's not what she said, but that would be awesome if she did.Pick your ingredients wisely: Spicy miso with an extra helping of the pork and egg will send your nose leaking like a broken faucet.  If you take your time with the food, the ramen will soak the rest of the soup and you'll be wondering what happened to it all.  Either that or you're really just a ramen slob.Not too salty, and the service is quick.  I'm in and out quickly and that's how I like it.  Hah, see?  Another joke.Anyways, I really do like how the noodles have a bit more texture than most other ramen houses.  This is definitely one step above Tanpopo.Always a line, but If you come late, you can stare at the people eating until they leave.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2009,4/9/2009,160,370,7,11,12>If you like books -at all- you can and will lose hours in this place.  Quality hours, not the drink coffee and peruse magazines hours you will lose at a major chain book store.I discovered this book store while in Palo Alto for their First Friday art walk.  I am a techie and a reader, the two sides of which are often at odds.  I love the idea of eBook readers like the Sony I just bought, especially on longer trips or crowded commuting where 8oz beats 2.5 lbs (or more) no matter how you slice it.But there is no history to digital books.  Even a digitial book ABOUT history has no history itself.  It's just an inert file of ones and zeroes.  But when you walk into Bell's Books, you can feel the entire catalogue of books calling out to you, wanting to tell you their own story in addition to the story printed on their pages.  You might pick up a book from the 50s that has some relevant clippings from the time in it (my grandma used to do this all the time with cookbooks), or a postcard that had been used as a bookmark, telling you the previous owner read _On the Road_ while on a train in Europe.Personally, I immediately went to section on local history.  Books about the Bay Area's past, and left with _The Hatchet Men_ a book about San Francisco Chinatown's Tong Wars by Richard H. Dillon - 1962.  Like Bell's Books itself, the book I purchased evokes a different age, providing not just information but an experience.  Something my love of ebooks cannot do.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2009,4/8/2009,428,2224,9,13,13>Food is a three...restaurant is a four This place is really hard to find (my poor GPS on my phone!) I pulled over to get directions on my phone (not realizing I was right next to it) SIGH... there is no super huge visible sign hehehe. Food is comfort food..pastas.. pizzas.. hamburgers..paninis.... yum.  I had the chicken parma pasta.. the chicken was meh.. I liked the pasta a lot. The garlic bread was in plenty.. I was a happy camper.  Very clean (but small) establishment and the owners are awesome. Coming back... YES! *In looking at what everyone else got.. I got food envy...
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2009,4/7/2009,403,410,15,16,16>I dedicate my 200th review to my first good Yelper friend Carole G.!I met Carole at the Computer History Museum Yelp event and was immediately taken by her warmth and friendliness. She is easily one of the most interesting and bubbly Yelpers ever!  After finding out that we have similar interests, we began hanging out which eventually led to our get-together for Filoli.Lucky me, I got to tag along as Carole has an annual pass and can bring another person with her for free.  I think tickets are $12 or so.Having never even HEARD of this place (and I've lived in the Bay Area my whole life), I was surprised that such a quaint landmark existed so close by.  If you've been to Hearst Castle like I have, think of this as a more classy version with incredibly beautiful gardens.-You MUST stay for the little 10 minute looped video about the history of the place in the admission center.  You will learn some interesting things about how Filoli came to be and the people who lived there.-You MUST bring your camera because it's just so gorgeous, especially when flowers are in bloom!  Even when it gets "crowded" there are plenty of opportunities to take some great photos.-You MUST check out their website to plan your visit a bit.  It really makes you look forward to your visit.-You MUST give the Cafe inside a try.  The quiche and salad were so fresh and deliciously excellent.  I normally HATE carrots, but the salad has SO MANY and they were really really really tasty with the vinaigrette they had.  I also had a ginger ale sweetened with pure cane sugar that was so tasty.Please take a look at my photos of the beautiful tulips and sakura (cherry blossoms) in bloom!  But be aware that it is all much more beautiful in person.  Pictures cannot convey the serenity you feel when you're there.  The fresh nature and floral scents surround you as you walk around, and you are easily transported back to the early 1900s.Exploring the house is in itself a treat.  I was fascinated by the Asian antiques and all the little archways and cabinets.  The wine/gold cellar in the Study was really interesting and my favorite rooms had to be the Kitchen and the Library.Filoli also has hiking trails that I would love to check out on another visit on a nice day.  I won't spoil anymore because you really need to go if you've never been and grew up in the Bay Area.Thank you Carole for taking/introducing me to this gorgeous gem hidden away in the hills!  I hope to go with you again sometime and will definitely bring my own friends and family to experience the loveliness and rich history Filoli contributes to our wonderful state of California.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2009,4/6/2009,154,64,9,10,9>All I have to say is OMG!  Fresh fish heaven.  It's as though they have a tank full of various fish in the back that lives happily amongst each other then when the Sushi Chef says, "You are the lucky one today" and fishes it out.  I could have just eaten Sashimi here all day and it wouldn't matter, but I didn't until next time....But wait that wasn't the conclusion of this review.  Okay so Chris C. calls me up and says, "Hey, do you feel like eatting?  I'm hungry."  I say, "Sure, what did you have in mind." She said, "Something lite with salad and soup."  I said, "American, Korean,...how about Japanese."  She said, "Haven't had Japanese in awhile, sure.  I'll meet you have way."  I said, "Okay, see you by 5:40ish."  Arrived by around that time, called Chris, "Hey are you there already?"  She said, "Yep."  I said, "Trying to find parking."  She said, "Oh, there's a lot of parking in front of the restaurant."  I said, "Cool, I'll be there in least then a minute."Parked and walked into the restaurant, nice little restaurant secluded from the rest of Castro St., which was nice.  As I walked in I noticed that there were about 3 people in the restaurant and Chris.  Nice restaurant by the way, they have bench areas you see with the cushion and take off your shoes and sit "Indian-style".  That was different but it felt more like eating at home in Japan which was nice.  The tea was good.  We ordered the Tuna Sashimi, Avocado Mika which was a special request, homemade pot stickers, and their Sushi Roll Special which had half cooked Salmon paired with Scallops on the exterior and interior was raw or uncooked Salmon paired with avocado and onions with a nice spicy orange sauce.  Tuna was so fresh which just melted in your mouth and the Avocado Mika and Special Roll were exceptionally different and good.  The homemade pot sticker was GOOD!By the time, we had finished eating and me on my 5th or 6th cup of tea I begun to notice the crowd increase.  From a restaurant of just 3 people the entire place was full by the end of our meal.  Very nice place, I would highly recommended coming here.  Remember not to forget to take a gummy bear at the cashier when existing.  Cheers!
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2009,4/5/2009,451,735,6,7,7>I was thinking about getting all creative for this review. I think I'll just tell it like it is.2 DIVA (see Beyonce's definition) amiga's out to dinner. Both had the same thing. 1 Glass of Riesling each. delish!1 Deviled egg appetizer (mmm..curry made them interesting!)1 Ahi Tuna Burger, I had fries, my diva-licious friend opted for veggies.1 Oreo cookie sandwich dessert (shared of course)Everything was super good! I really should have tried the prime rib special but alas, I am back to the Midwest for biz travel next week. I'll have my fill of red meat then. 4 stars for great food. I'll be back to award the 5th star when I try the prime rib. And yes, my bad ass diva amiga rolfrocks.yelp.com will be joining me on the next visit so watch OUT Los Altos!
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2009,4/4/2009,48,170,3,6,6>Thank god that Palo Alto now has a place that actually serves a decent brunch!!!  My husband and I went here around 3pm on a weekend, and the place was still moderately crowded.  A good sign.  We initially ooh-ed and aah-ed at the delicacies sitting in the beautiful bakery (who knew that Palo Alto could pull off such good taste!) and then sat down by the lovely window seat.  The outdoor seating looked awesome too.For brunch, I ordered pancakes and my husband had the breakfast pizza (with arugula, prociutto, and Egg).  The fluffy sour cream pancakes were the best I've had in the Bay Area.  I pinched myself hoping that I won't wake up from this dream.After all the horrid chains and subprime mom and pops that infiltrate this area, this place is a welcome break.  A waiter told us that they will also begin to serve breakfast soon - from 7am.  What a wonderful concept!  Town and Country is on steroids right now in terms of new openings but it just seems to get better and better.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2009,4/3/2009,419,342,12,13,12>The sweet lady who runs this family restaurant is like that auntie who loves to feed anyone who visits her. Of course, at the end of the meal, YOU have to foot the bill, but you'll still leave content and full. The boy and I finished every morsel of our order, upon which she asked, "Chi Bao Lah??" Oh yes. *Rubs belly*The orange egg-oyster (ohwagen??) was goopey and slightly mochi-esque just like it's supposed to be. The stinky tofu wasn't as stinky as it is in Taiwan, but it never is here in the States. The Pai Gu Fan was spot-on and bursting with flavor. The large fried dumplings were also a favorite, highly recommend getting an order of these. Take note: since China Bee is NOT a Taiwanese restaurant, but rather a Shanghainese restaurant, they do not serve Roh Gun Mien. By now, you can tell that my ping-ying is just awesome.For those of you yelpers that I have thoroughly confused- Mandarin speakers or not- sorry, disregard this entry. Just try out China Bee if you're looking for some real Chinese food. Larger menu, better selection, and better food than at Happy Cafe. Yep- I SAID IT.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2008,12/6/2008,299,1733,7,11,9>I finally ordered the right items & recognized the goodness that is Tamarine:-Tamarine Taste, fantastic 4some: spring rolls, taro rolls, papaya salad & tea leaf beef.- Hobo's Purse Soup, delightful soup with cabbage wrapped pork dumplings.-Shaking Beef, tender, well marinated-Chili Ginger Barramundi, sauce a bit on the sweet side, but fish was seared perfectly.-I love that they have seven types of rice to choose from.Prices are reasonable when you factor in the food & ambiance, if we didn't order our bottle of sake, the bill would have been about a bill.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2008,12/4/2008,493,361,9,12,9>I like the food here.  I've been meaning to write a review on this place for quite a while, just had way to much stuff to yelp!Any who this place is nice because they are open almost every single day of the year.  They do offer take out service and they do have an sketchy narrow pathway to the upstairs where you can reserve it for private parties which can accommodate up to 16 people.  (20 if you are small and compact and like to sit on your neighbors lap.)  I have to admit since their opening I've started to notice that their prices are going up and their portions are slimming down.  They do a decent job on their beef teriyaki especially if they give you a rib-eye piece, sometimes when they use new york cuts they get a bit over cooked.  But I digress, decent Japanese food in downtown San Mateo and if you can't find street parking you can always go around the backside and hit up the parking garage.Service here during the dinner rush can be slow, and getting refills of your rice, tea and water eventually becomes a competition with the surrounding tables on who can make more urgent distress signals in flagging down a passing waitress or waiter....  Still if your looking for decent Japanese food, or want to go with a large group it's worth a stop.FYI, Im not to big of a fan of their Chawanmushi, I still think Kisaku does a better job on theirs by comparison.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2007,12/3/2008,11,42,5,10,4>Maybe I'm missing something regarding Shamrock Ranch.  It received such bad reviews but I have always had a good experience here.  It's a little like sending your doggie to live on a farm for a week.  The kennel your dog stays in are twice to three times larger than most kennels and they let you bring an unlimited number of blankets and toys for your dog which is pretty rare.  Each dog has access to a heated indoor area and an outside area so there's plenty of variety.  The dogs get long scenic walks in the hills of Pacifica and have plenty of opportunity to play with other dogs.  One reviewer was dismayed that the dogs drink out of dirty metal buckets.  I don't know about you but my dog doesn't know the difference between water out of toilet and Evian served in a crystal goblet.  Dogs seem to be happy with either.I am docking a star because they are not very flexible.  If I'm running 10 minutes late, they won't wait for me.  They tell me to come back tomorrow morning (and pay an additional full day of boarding).  They give me grief when I pay with a credit card.  Otherwise, I think it's a pretty good place.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2008,12/2/2008,737,59,8,8,8>Summary: OMG Sibby's FTW. Crack incarnate. Proof Jesus loves you.I've had "premium cupcakes" before. I've been to Kara's Cupcakes (dry, overpriced, unappealing), I've had fancypants cupcake like things after nice meals, etc. But this is really the kind of platonic ideal of a cupcake after which other cupcakes mold themselves.I had the lemon drop after ordering my company a dozen (I love my employees). The lemon icing was just the right level of thickness, zesty without being bitter, sweet without being cloy, and nicely chewy without being brittle. The lemon cake underneath was somehow spongy but firm, moist without being oily, and the perfect level of viscosity and density. You could go crazy sciencing(*) how perfect these cupcakes are.They will leave you happy and dizzy.They are the best cupcakes in the world.(*) I know sciencing isn't a word, sillypants.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2008,12/1/2008,43,79,6,8,8>Dr. Clara Williams rocks it. While speaking lovingly in Spanish to my old greyhound, she quietly shoves an eye scope into his eye and checks out the cloudy nastiness that had started forming over his cornea. She did not flinch once. And there is hope for my faithful friend, he may not have to go blind! She got right down to the problem that no other vet could figure out. We are hopeful. Truly amazing. She also happens to be the only vet in history that can make my nervous dog stop shaking and actually eat a treat... OK fine besides my sister who is also a vet. But this is impressive! My dog shakes like an 89 earthquake any time we walk into any vet's door and normally does not stop shaking until after we are half way home in the Jeep. Both times since we have seen her, he stops shaking as soon as she calls his name in her sweet voice. Magic.If you animal ever has an eye problem, come to these guys first. They are located in San Francisco a few days a week at 9th and Irving, which is perfect for us city folk.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2008,11/30/2008,264,114,8,8,9>(edited to add: I ended up paying up. Felt too guilty. The review still stands.)I never review hairstylists when I'm still seeing them, because that's just awkward. But as, unfortunately I've messed up a relationship with a stylist today over a missed appointment, my time at Indigo Salon has come to an end.I've had Kelly do my hair a few times and I always been more than pleased with the results. So it is really sad that I'll have to find another stylist. I missed an appointment - totally my fault - so I'm not knocking her for that at all. She's a great hair cutter and colorist. As with most hair stylists, she's got a little 'tude, but you want a hairstylist with a strong opinion who cares about what she's doing. The 'tude is maybe not so nice when she's mad at you, but then again, that's pretty normal.So apparently there's a $25 cancellation fee that I wasn't aware of. I would have been aware of it had I planned to cancel, but my dumb ass mixed up my appointment times. I'm sure she's pissed that I refused to pay the $25 fee, which I can't really afford right now if I'm ever going to actually get my hair cut - it's been growing out for like, 7 months now... (well, I guess I could go to supercuts), so I figure a good yelp review is maybe worth a few bucks? In any case, I had been wanting to write one for a while, but just as I said, I don't review doctors/stylists/etc when I'm still going to them.Kelly really takes the time to consult with her clients, and knows what looks good on them. I've been to a few stylists in the area and she's one of the best thus far. Now that I have to look around some more, I'm sure I'll find someone equally as talented. But what she lacks in compassion for stupidity she makes up in her skills. She's always booked up well in advance, so just don't miss your appointment. You'll be sorry!Maybe I will hit up the local supercuts / greatclips later today. I'm desperate for a trim.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2008,11/29/2008,195,315,9,7,7>I NORMALLY HATE "SHOPPES."  But I *love* Powell's because:* It has the candy of your childhood, and everybody else's.  (Except for the now-extinct Marathon bar -- a wondrous caramel braid dipped in chocolate -- boo hoo.)* They introduced me to the Cherry Mash -- a ur-candy bomb invented during the War to End All Wars (WWI) combining peanuts, maraschino cherries, and some perhaps cocoa-based substance.  It's actually edible and oh so sugary, and makes a the primitive Big Cherry look like a bonbon from Jean Paul-Hevin.* They have the Hose Nose, an orange plastic nose you can wear on your face that drips green apple boogers onto your tongue.  I bought one for a coworker.The only downside is really a human rights one.  Workers there are subject to non-stop replayings of the most sadistic and child-terrifying film known to man: Charlie and Chocolate Factory.  Long-term exposure to Oompa Loompas can't be good for you.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2008,11/28/2008,257,366,12,13,13>Eaten here at least four times and never felt the need to write a review.  BUT THE OTHER NIGHT changed my life...hehe, well not exactly.  Not sure what happened to Tabla or me, but that was one of the best Indian dinners I've ever had.  Reminded me of the restaurant in Africa where I was first introduced to Indian cuisine.First off, it's super authentic.  Everytime I've gone, it's usually filled with Indian/Pakistani natives.  A bit hole-in-the-wallish, but pretty nice compared to most Viet pho joints.  Bollywood movie on a big screen add to the ambiance.We ordered the samosas, butter naan, basmati rice, fish masala, and chicken korma.  I love the naan, it's so fluffy and wonderful to sop up the sauce.  FISH MASALA WAS OUTTA THIS WORLD.  Best I've had.  The spices, huge pieces of fish, heat, and the sauce were freakin awesome.  Chicken was tender and the sauce was hearty over the rice.They are known for their dosas, so it's a must try.  If you like chicken tikka masala, then order the butter chicken here.  Service was nice and you can't be the price.  After all those times, I'm finally hooked.  This will be my go to place for Indian food on the Peninsula.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2008,11/27/2008,232,126,7,11,8>Yay, What do you know! After a month away in Asia, I am finally back to bay area and of course, my Yelp escapade. Man, life WAS hard without yelp, every good restaurant and bar I been to in Asia had made my yelp sense tingling all over! Anyway, let's get on with my omg 110th review before I get too sentimental here!This place is your typical, no frill pho restaurant that serves adequate Vietnamese food.  The beef noodle soup here (pho) is very authentic, with the broth tasty and not overly greasy. The beef is tender but nothing to die for. I personally feel this place has superior soup broth compared with Saigon City a few blocks down the street, but suffers in meat quality and portion. So it really depends on what you look for in your particular bowl of Pho. Yes there is a difference. (Just try to order Saigon city's signature bowl of Pho, you'll know what I mean)Something worth mentioning, they do have the Fried Shrimp Cake available here. It tastes absolutely scrumptious with the fish sauce, however keep in mind that it might be too oily for some people though. The verdict, 4 stars quality Pho place that shines in the delectable broth with okay, little above average meat quality and portion.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2008,11/26/2008,1107,915,30,23,24>While reading a couple of reviews about dentists in the bay area, I was reminded about my own dentistry experience when I was a kid. My dentists name was Dr. Spitz, and he was my favourite doctor ever, hands down. When I was a munchkin, we would walk in and the walls were covered in some kind of plastique-y stuff that had lights and would burst shooting stars every few seconds. You could touch it and it would change colors, so of course we had our hands all over them. There was a rocking horse, and a Super Nintendo game system we could play on, with books and games so we wouldn't bother my mom until they called us in. They always had TV's for each chair, with a movie for kids on. It was the greatest. The best part was watching my brother scream, kick, cry, and scare the rest of the children in the waiting room because, well, he's kind of an asshole. But what are you going to do? I laughed at him, because that's what older sisters do. Also, karma is a bitch and then it was my turn. I took it in stride, and Dr. Spitz would make all kinds of funny jokes. A few times he took down the gigantic brush from the wall and tried to brush my brother's teeth with it, and make funny voices if we started to get scared ourselves. He always knew what to say to make us laugh, looking back now I realise, "that's fucking amasing". At the end they would always make us brush with awesome tasting flouride, and we wouldn't be able to eat for at least 30 minutes. I'll admit, when I was moved to a different dentist after I turned 18, when the flouride never came (or the fake dollar bills and other little prizes he would give us), I got a little sentimental. I miss my old dentist. Why do my new dentists try to talk about adult things with me? I don't want to talk about bills and motorcycles, I want to watch The Little Mermaid dammit!Thanks, Dr. Spitz, for adding a wonderful memory to my childhood!
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2014,9/21/2014,218,243,5,6,5>I'd driven past the Tofu House dozens of times but never stopped in until a friend insisted.  I had no idea what to expect, but was excited when I saw the plethora of options on the menu.  In the end (after much deliberation), I had the dumpling bowl and a friend went for the kimchi with chicken.  They were both fantastic.Also, if it wasn't blatantly clear by the caution on the menu or the steam rising off your bowl, this soup is HOT!  Do not be a fool and think you can just eat it right away before letting it cool or blowing on it.  Yes, some of us tested this theory so we could warn others...A bowl of soup was more than enough for a meal, although many of the appetizers looked fantastic.  Prices are quite reasonable for dinner ($10-15 per entree).  We arrived late so there wasn't an issue with a wait, but I can understand how that would be a problem during typical dinner hours.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,9/20/2014,23,93,4,3,3>Downtown Local, stumbled upon this time capsule by accident, nice infusion of past and present, can't hate on this store, silent movie in the back, newspapers, MAD magazines,  this place, I don't know what it is got me feelin' some type of way, Between SF and SJ, besides Sightglass and B2, this is the only location to my knowledge that serves Sightglass, mad flavors,truly a diamond in the rough, though my latte was a little burnt, all is forgiven, support local! Downtown Local!
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2014,9/19/2014,79,230,3,3,4>I love this place! I've come here for a girl's night, a birthday celebration, a date, and an evening when I'm too lazy to cook. All of these reasons is perfect for this restaraunt. As with most patrons, I usually get the bruschetta for an entre. I like almost all of them, so I'm not going to list any here, although I do think that the specialty ones are worth the extra money. I also like their soups. However, I usually regret ordering the soup because the bruschetta is plenty of food. The desserts are good to share. Try the brie and nutella sandwich. Really, it is an interesting combination.   There is always live music in the evenings. Usually it seems to be some flavor of jazz. I like that, but be aware that it can be very loud in the dining room with the music going on like that. You can always request to sit in the back outside. Acutally, I think that I perfer it out there. I have never had to wait more than a minute or two for a seat. Additionally, prices are surprisingly  cheap. My husband is always up for having a date there because of that.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,9/18/2014,5,63,12,26,7>For scientific purposes we did a head-head vegan tasting comparison of the venerable Garden Fresh (GF) vs. the upstart Veggie Garden (VG). Four tasters (2 vegans and 2 omnivores) ordered (4) similarly-named items from BOTH menus for takeout for (8) dishes total. We then did a blind tasting with all dishes served a side of homemade brown rice. Let it be known that we are big time fans of GF and were excited to see competition in the vegan Chinese space in Mountain View. Item: Votes1. Appetizer: Scallion Pancakes: 2-2 TieOmnivores felt like the VG pancakes had a more pleasing, crispier texture.Vegans could taste the GF loyalty; really both were delicious.2. Entree: Chow Mein w/ Chicken: 3-1 VGVG had a lot more going on: chicken, veggies, sauce, flavor.GF was mostly noodles; sadly overcooked noodles. Maybe a bad night for GF chow mein because this is usually not the case.3. Entree: Black Pepper Chicken: 4-0 VGGF chicken texture was much more gelatinous. VG chicken had more of the pull of chicken meat.Excellent flavor and vegetables in both.4. Entree: Eggplant (VG: Basil Eggplant, GF: Kun Pao Eggplant): 3-1 VGThe flavor of the VG dish was much better than GF. The VG also had more delicious pieces of basil. Both were cooked perfectly - this dish was easily best in show.Final tally: VG in the surprise upset! 12-4.Surprisingly, I voted for VG on every dish, confidently thinking I was eating GF the whole time. I scoffed at this pretender to the throne VG. Little did I know that GF was down for the knockout. Blind tastings are *the best*. We must repeat this experiment (for science!) with new dishes as soon as humanly possible. Other notes:- Both restaurants were comparable pricewise, including identical prices for several dishes. I sense VG understands its challenger's status.- 24 hours later we reheat our leftovers to test microwavability and of course everything was still scrumpdiddlyumptious, as reheated Chinese food often is. Simliar dishes were mixed regardless of source. - This meal ended up good for (9) people: (4) adults x 2 nights + (2) kids (4yo, 2yo)TL;DR: Veggie Garden is coming for the King.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,9/17/2014,292,536,12,19,14>*Angel's singing --- AHH" so heavenly. I came here on a Tuesday night, so I was fortunate enough to basically have the place to myself! Call for an appt or book online. I thought this place would reek of chlorine, but nope, these amazing amenities were clean and stacked with Aveda products. Like other yelpers mentioned, this place is traditional so be prepared to strut your stuff :)First, they provide you with a linen robe, 1 big, and 1 small super plushy towel (though no sandals) and a locker key. In the women's area, they have water, hot tea, Aveda body lotion, face lotion, face tonic and a few hair products. **The Pre-Soak**They recommend pre-soaking for at least 20min, ideally 30min prior to a scrub:- Stream room- Dry sauna- Hot tub- Salt room- Ice bath- Shower: required prior to, they have two types (1) sit down showers like I've seen in Japanese hot springs (they're side by side and have little stools and mirrors) and (2) stand up showers -- body wash, shampoo, and conditioner available. **The Scrub**- you sit on padded massage-like slash vet-like tables (cushy but metal bottoms)- scrub tables are separated by glass dividers, so it's not a room per-say, but it was private enough- lady scrubs you vigorously, but not like crazy scratching your skin off- she pours warm water over your skin with a bowl and adjusts you accordingly**The Massage**  (so you don't feel like a dry prune post-scrub)- add on a massage, 30 minutes or 60 minutes -- pretty amazing, they use mineral oils and such to make the post-scrub you SO much softer *clap clap* - after they're done massaging, they squirt some sort of (almost scalding hot) milky-oily concoction on you, but it rinses excess oil off in this glorious moisturizing way. highly recommended.Overall, this place is just as legit as people have hyped it up to be.  Amazingness after sweating storms up at soul cycle/equinox, this places is a heavenly gem. I can't wait to go back!!!
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2014,9/16/2014,154,265,3,5,4>I love home-like breakfast places and this one has been around since the 50's, before breakfast and brunch became cool. (I didn't even get upset about them not having an espresso machine, which is typically a deal breaker for me when it comes to brunch ;) ) The interior, decor and ambience are 5stars + - I felt like I was walking into an old friend's house for some eggs, pancakes and waffles.  We came in on a Saturday fairly late (after 1pm)  and there were a few tables available.  We sat on the patio and enjoyed studying all baseball hats, a model airplane, and other "things".  The food came out very quickly too. We had a special omelet and huevos rancheros (a la Nini).The omelet was a little weird, and I am blaming (what tasted like) canned spinach, and a lot of it.  It also had feta, chicken sausage and sour cream.  I didn't see too much of feta or sour cream... spinach made the omelet very hard to cut through and enjoy.  Also, the flavor didn't really mix in well together. Huevos rancheros was a different story altogether.  I usually don't order the dish, so take all stated with a grain of salt.  But... I thought it all came really well together. The egg was made just the way I asked for it - over easy and covered by just the right amount of cheese.  Now, both dishes were served with home potatoes, and those are not to be missed!
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,9/15/2014,337,489,6,8,7>It's a rare thing when two picky foodies,  barely halfway through dinner, stop and declare this to be their new favorite restaurant.After a long evening at the gym, kebabs were the meal of choice, and so off we went down El Camino to locate this hidden gem. Like others say, the exterior is extremely dark, and the windows may give the impression that the place is closed, but fear not, onwards you go!SERVICE.Utterly delightful. Both the hostess and our waiter were charming, friendly, and made us feel like we've been coming here for years, rather than as random walk-ins off the street. That alone is a rare find, anywhere.The food is where we were really blown away, however.MANTOO.My only regret was that we didn't order the entree version, it was so good. Even if you don't know what the word means, just get it (hint: it's lamb dumplings with yogurt and a red sauce). The 4 we got were devoured in a hurry.KADU.Again, don't question the name, just order it. It's seriously my new favorite dish, which I will be making much of this fall. It's simple but incredible - stewed pumpkin topped with yogurt and meat sauce. Don't bat an eye at that description and just order, your tastebuds will most definitely be rocked.COMBINATION KEBAB (LAMB & CHICKEN).The BEST kebabs we've ever had the pleasure of eating. I didn't know that lamb or chicken could be that juicy. It comes with a huge amount of pallow (seasoned rice) and soft flatbread. Shared between two people, that was more than enough food, and incredible food at that. We will most definitely be back in the near future!
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2014,9/14/2014,111,246,3,3,4>Rick's has turned Into the most reliable and delicious place for breakfast. We were seated promptly and graciously. There was a huge ice cold pitcher of water with lemon and ice. She also brought over a thermos of hot coffee. We tried steak and eggs and every element was perfect. Steak perfectly cooked and still juicy. Hash browns crispy and perfectly seasoned. Eggs that were soft enough without being undercooked.They anticipated everything so there was no sitting around waiting. Atmosphere 5 starsSteak and eggs 5 starsServer 5 stars.Perfect breakfast experience. Nice way to start a special day.Highly recommend!!
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2014,9/13/2014,180,36,5,11,8>Excellent spot for Sunday Brunch! They don't take reservations so expect a wait. Their brunch menu covers all the basics. I love their Eggs Benedict with a side of herbed Yukon Gold Potatoes. :) For those who prefer their brunches on the sweeter side, try a stack of Blue Monkey Pancakes! It's fluffy and fresh with just the right balance of bananas and blueberries!
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,9/12/2014,154,218,4,5,6>I love this place!!!The shaved snow is soooo good. It's different from shaved ice. The texture of shaved snow is like iced cotton candy. It's perfect. The shaved snow here tastes so natural and is not disgustingly sweet, it's PERFECT. I brought my friend here who is totally in touch with her Taiwanese roots and she loved it as the shaved snow here reminded her of the shaved snow she's had in Taiwan. This place BTW makes me want to visit Taiwan and eat my heart out. She ordered the matcha shaved snow with house made Azuki beans (not canned!), mochi, and black sesame drizzle. I ordered the Jasmine milk tea shaved snow with lychee jelly shaped in hearts, sweet condensed milk, and fresh strawberries... We both ordered small sizes and let's just say that while the portions were generous enough we could've both killed the large size because it was sooooo good.Will keep going back for more!Parking around here is tough, FYI. It's in a residential area by the Caltrain.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2013,11/11/2013,134,817,1,6,3>This new ice cream place just opened in the former location of the Häagen-Dazs on University.  I grabbed a scoop of vanilla and chocolate: yelp.com/biz_photos/scooThey make their ice cream using liquid nitrogen.  Unlike Smitten, it's not made to order: instead, they make small batches throughout the day so you don't have to wait.The texture is very smooth, and has a slight pectin-stiffness, as if it's a frozen mousse, or frozen pudding.  Very nice.  The vanilla and dark chocolate was good, and not too sweet, but the flavors lack refinement, and are not as complex and nuanced as some other artisanal ice cream.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,11/10/2013,128,123,5,4,5>After 7 years of being pescatarian, I reentered the meat eating world the best way ever: through a kobe beef roll. Just thinking about that light, succulent, flavorful sushi makes me salivate. I truly see what I was missing. I had stopped eating meat when I was in my early twenties, and had yet to experience REAL meat.  I cannot say enough about this incredibly elegant sushi restaurant. The sushi is delectable: flavorful, fresh, and beautifully prepared. My favorites so far are the kobe beef roll (I could eat ten of those with no problem), the great balls of fire (very flavorful with a nice kick), their ikura is really tasty and delicate, and their Hulk roll (spicy tuna with a cucumber wrap). The ambience is relaxing and sophisticated, dark, candlelit, with orchids and a waterfall near the entrance. It is a wonderful date night location. Now that I've had the kobe beef roll, I'm not turning back!
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,11/9/2013,836,728,7,11,8>Wake up at 12am to make reservations exactly 1 month in advanceAfter the third attempt, finally got reservations at 7pm for 4 ppl for Sunday, June 16thKind owners welcomed us inside their 16 seat restaurantUnforgettable meal worth every biteRemember to eat slowly and enjoy each dishI want to work there so I can see how it's all doneYamasaki and his wife and a dishwasher run the whole showAmazing kaiseki------------------------Sakizuke (Starter)Cooper river king salmon 2013 "Tosa-zu" (dashi vinaigrette) gelée and kale purée Zensai (Appetizers) assorted appetizers boiled "tako"(octopus) and okra "bainiku"(sour plum) sauce"tamago-dofu"(egg tofu) with Hokkaido "hotate"(scallop) and tomato "yuzu koshou"(Japanese citrus pepper) sauce rice cracker fried Alaskan "gindara"(black cod) with "uni"(sea urchin) On mono (Hot dish)"ebi-shinjo no nyu-men" shrimp cake and "somen"(Japanese angel pasta) in clear "dashi"soup Kyoto "shichimi"(seven flavors) pepper Tsukuri (Sashimi)  today's chef's choice "Tosa-jouyu"(bonito soy sauce) Age mono (Deep-fried dish)   "age-nasu to gyuniku no on-tataki" deep-fried "nasu"(Japanese egg plant) with seared Snake River farms Kobe styled wagyu beef sesame sauce Hashiyasume: Granite  yuzu and raspberry sorbet Yaki mono (Broiled dish) "kamo no ishi-yaki" Maple leaf farms duck, Sun Smiling Valley farms king-oh mushroom, and vegetable grilled on heated "ishi"(stone) at your table "hatcho-miso"(dark miso) dipping sauce Gohan mono (Rice dish)Alaskan "zuwai-gani"(snow crab) and avocado over sushi rice (inspiration from California roll) Homemade Dessert crème pâtissière and "mochi"(rice cake) with black cherry  "matcha"(green tea) cream
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,11/8/2013,43,112,,5,3>I went here a few weeks ago and was surprised about not knowing about this gem earlier, especially since its close by to where I live.  The restaurant is located on the first floor of the Doubletree hotel.  It blends in with the lobby somewhat by way of the bar.  The service was absolutely fantastic and the food was delicious!  The crisped brussel sprout leaves was an awesome and the lamb sliders were a great compliment to the entree of the grilled pork chop.  This pork chop was the closest thing that has ever come to pork chop at Nopa in the city.  It was damn good and about half the cost too!  I am coming back here again for sure for a nice quiet and upscale experience to go with a wonderful dinner.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,11/7/2013,57,183,2,7,5>Every time we go to a French place, my first reaction is usually "I'm so over French cuisine. Can't we eat somewhere else?"  But I think the universe is trying to tell me to chill, because the last couple times I've had French fare, it has been simple, satisfying, and delicious.  Cuisinett was definitely all of those things.  Had lunch with some friends there - I ordered the Moules frites (mussels and fries), and my friends had the Steak au poivre (8oz NY Strip) and the Ratatouille, respectively.  Broth for the mussels was absolutely delicious, and such a generous portion that I actually couldn't finish.  I don't remember ever having that experience; usually I want a lot more mussels than I am given! Fries were crispy and plentiful as well.  Steak was ordered medium rare, and the temperature looked right to me.  My friend didn't offer me a bite, and his plate was clean quickly, so I took that as full marks for his meal.  Ratatouille was nicely presented in a crock with a crispy breadcrumb topping.  A bit pricey compared to your average lunch ($16 for mussels, $18 for the steak, and $13 for ratatouille), but worth it for a much-better-than-average lunch. Tab was ~60 bucks including drinks.  Order at the counter and food is brought to your table.Will definitely be back to try other menu items - have to try the Salade Nicoise and some of the sandwiches people ordered looked very good too. The missus forgave me for going without her (a weekday lunch is an excusable offense), but I'll definitely be bringing her here soon.  She'll love it.Bottom line: solid French fare done well.  Go, eat, and be happy.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2013,11/6/2013,96,129,4,6,8>1.  Grab ANY sandwich and get it to-go.2.  Walk one block to the park.3.  Enjoy your delicious sandwich while watching people do tai chi.4.  Digest while strolling around the Japanese garden.5.  Thank me later.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,11/5/2013,263,206,2,6,5>LOVE IT!!I've known of Viognier and passed by it several times in the last 3 years but always skipped on dining there. I'm really not sure why I ever did that because I was very impressed with their food. You have the option to select a 3, 4, or 5 course meal with or without paired wines. I went with 4 but soon found the portions to be so hefty that I had to take my entire 3rd course to go!For someone who has been searching for a good "faux gras" now that foie is banned, Viognier served up an alternative that was almost as good as the real thing. Every one of the dishes I tried was delicious and the sommelier, Hailee  has some great wines picked out. She even recommended a couple places to try in Napa (Arroyo and Von Strasser) and she was spot on with what I would like! They also have quite an extended list of wine options for your to peruse over.Viognier is now one of my favorites along the Peninsula and new favorite fine dining restaurant in San Mateo (sorry All Spice!).
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,11/4/2013,38,163,2,4,4>AMAZING breakfast!  So, so happy to have found this place.  It opened about four months ago, is adorable inside (definitely on the small side), and the brunch menu is killer.  My husband and I both ordered omelets and they were cooked perfectly and he was raving about the bacon they used inside of his omelet (thick and crispy).  The homefries were delicious and the toast was really fresh as well.  I had a hot chocolate and it rocked-- homemade, nothing out of a machine.  We were able to walk in and get a table at 11 on a Sunday, which is pretty much impossible anywhere in Burlingame that serves brunch and the food is better than anywhere we have tried.  I'm sure that will change once people catch on, which is fortunate for the restaurant and unfortunate for me.  This is a family run business and they have been running restaurants for about 30 years and it shows.  They are completely customer-oriented and make you feel at home and taken care of--just really good people.  I've only been once, but consider me a regular already.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,11/3/2013,321,372,3,2,4>Here's why I like this place: 1. Cider on tap2. Sweet potato fries. With garlic3. Board Games. Yes, Board Games. I mean, do I need any more reason? Sit outside, nibble on some fries, late at night, drink a bit, and destroy thy enemies! I *cough* mean friends...Great way to end a night. Really, what more could a girl want?
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,11/2/2013,113,362,4,11,5>Good timing, Tin Pot! Open during a heat spell, when I happen to have some time off to enjoy some midday ice cream!This small shop makes some pretty stinkin awesome ice cream. I got two scoops: Cinnamon Snickerdoodle and Rich Chocolate with TCHO Shards. The Cinnamon Snickerdoodle is packed with cinnamony-ness and strewn with cookie crumbles. The Rich Chocolate (premium flavor - slight upcharge) is indeed rich, a deep and dense chocolate with chocolate pieces that are nicely harmonized with the cream base. I tasted the mint chocolate chip -- how could I not? -- and it was so fresh tasting, with powerful REAL mint flavor (and no food coloring). Everything else looks fantastic, especially the Roasted Banana Fudge Ripple.On top of ice cream they also sell some great-looking brownies and cookies, and of course they have some special sundaes. They serve Four Barrel coffee (and like Frozen Kuhsterd, they make ice cream out of it, too, and they also make affogatos with some orange flavors).Next time I'll have to try a house made sauce, or maybe some finishing salts.  Service is very friendly and they are willing to let you taste what you like (but for the sake of others, please limit yourself so you don't hold up the line /sermon). And as one with nut allergies I really appreciate that the "scoopers" know what's in everything. The gal who helped me even offered to get a clean scoop out of the dishwasher for me! Obviously they're trained to help those of us with allergies. My one quibble is that the scoops are pretty small. But given the small-batch nature, the big flavor, the high quality (and... Ok... Location... It IS Palo Alto) I can deal with it as a special treat. A stop in is highly recommended. But leave some for me!
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2012,1/21/2013,370,1084,7,9,9>this is a great place to come as a group, celebrate a birthday or host a bachelorette party.  note that they have two stories with multiple rooms (dining area, bar, lounge) and therefore can accommodate many large parties.earlier this year, i was here for my bachelorette party, but don't remember much since i was pretty much plastered at the end of the night, thanks to my lovely bridesmaids!just the other day, i came here with my girlfriend for drinks, but we ended up getting dinner since it was getting late and we were getting hungry.  we sat in the lounge area where we found comfy seats, oversized coffee tables, and lots of big screen tvs.  another party was kind enough to let us share their table with them since it was pretty crowded and there weren't any empty tables around.to drink, i had a cranberry juice ($2.50) which was a standard cranberry juice, but tasted slightly watered down b/c they added so much ice.to eat, we shared:*mama's mac n' cheese ($4) - it was toasted on top and garnished with breadcrumbs, which i liked.  the mac 'n cheese itself was very rich and creamy, delicious!*spicy jambalaya ($18) - sausage, ham, chicken, shrimp, and salmon tossed with cajun spices and veggies.  this was seasoned very well (i'm glad we got the mild version) and i especially liked the large portions of meat in this dish.despite the very busy evening they were having, the staff was very prompt and attentive, which was much appreciated.after a while it got loud, so we had to speak into each other's ears, but i did enjoy the overall vibe here, very hip, very young, and very energetic!
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2012,1/19/2013,106,436,,3,3>I never paid much attention to this place, but I should have.  Their crispy pepper chicken were juicy and delicious.  I didn't realize I had a boba place so close to me.  Their tea was a bit watered down, but the boba was perfectly cooked.  I will be coming back to try the other things on the menu!  :)
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,1/18/2013,160,319,2,3,3>Eclectic breakfast/brunch/lunch joint at the Half Moon Bay airport. Nothing fancy, and totally a hole in the wall, but I envision it as a cool spot to bring a date on a day trip. Its like a secret restaurant. Prices are reasonable and a good value for what you get. Pancakes, solid. Half Moon Bay Pilots Plate, homestyle delicious. Servers are really nice too. I shall be back!
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,1/17/2013,83,80,4,10,5>Canada is offering a great new program for working adults that they call, College for Working Adults.Through the CWA program you can earn up to 3 A.A. degrees in either Interdisciplinary Studies with an emphasis in Arts and Humanities, Social and Behavioral Sciences, or Psychology in 3 years, while working full time. All 60 units earned are fully transferable to public and private colleges and universities.They except students in 3 cohorts with Fall 2012 being the beginning of the next cohort. Benefits:-You receive priority enrollment to all predetermined classes set by Canada-Meet on the same days for the next 3 years-Classes are just twice a week or 3 times a week depending on if you meet the eligibility requirements: ( English 100 and Math 110)-Designated CWA counselorIn a nutshell, you earn the first 2 years of a bachelor degree at Canada while only paying community college fees, which at the moment is at the outrageous amount of $46 per unit.  Doesn't take rocket science to see that if you need to begin your education and your interest falls into one of the areas of study, then this is the program for you!
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2012,1/16/2013,184,711,3,8,2>Nice little Japanese restaurant located in sleepy downtown Los Altos. Although the streets were empty Mikado was packed on a Tuesday night - BF and I were pleasantly surprised. Menu was really large and the pages of sushi seemed to go on forever. BF settled on the Teriyaki Chicken and I kept it simple with an order of CA rolls and a Salmon Avocado roll, both 6 pcs. Together they came to $10, which is pretty average. For $14 my BF's meal was a steal; a huge plate of chicken with a few pieces of perfectly steamed broccoli, miso, rice, and salad. He said the teriyaki sauce was some of the best he's had (I tried it, and yeah, it was delish). One thing he thought was odd was the seasoning on the chicken; although it was tasty, he said he got a hint of Italian seasoning. I can't attest to that, but I will say there were some bits of what suspiciously looked like oregano. Hmmm... who knew teriyaki and oregano could go together? Interesting. Service was great. Very attentive and our tea cups were never empty. I'm sure we'll be back.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,1/15/2013,1137,482,4,9,6>Having spent a good chunk of my life in the Stanford area, I definitely have gotten to know the local restaurant scene.  The Palo Alto Straits used to be on the go-to list for non-University Ave dining.Since Straits is no more, I decided to give the brand-new Indo a try last night.  Walking in, I was quickly greeted and seated.  Aside from the warm welcome, I felt that the space was comfortable and tastefully modernized from before without going over the top.The menu had a good selection of classic Indonesian dishes mixed with some modern interpretations.  I decided to go with a mix of the two offerings by trying a classic chicken curry and a less-traditional tuna tartare.  As I waited for my food, I perused their cocktail list and ultimately went with this gin/champagne concoction called the Indo 75 (i think).  This proved to be a great choice!The food itself was really well-portioned and well-prepared.  Most importantly, everything was extremely tasty.  Though I was quite stuffed already, my sweet tooth couldn't resist the fried banana fritters with vanilla gelato.  Obviously I enjoyed this a lot since I demolished it in about 2 min flat.Throughout the meal, I got the chance to interact with a variety of the friendly staff and I have to say that service was impeccable from start to finish.Being a big fan of Indonesian/fusion cuisine, I will definitely be back :)
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,1/14/2013,203,272,4,7,6>Holy smokes this place is good. I've lived in the RC for over 10 years and it never even occurred to me to eat here. I'll admit, I jumped to conclusions about this place. Something about it being sandwiched in between a Jack in the Box, and 5th Quarter Pizza, gave it the unfortunate stigma of greasepit-by-association (or should I say location). Last week I was a with a friend, looking for a place to have dinner. The last time we had Mexican, it was at El Grullense, which I think is ok, but... she wasn't really thrilled with what she got. I remembered my husband recently said something about this place being either organic or really healthy or something. I was surprised. So we ate here. I'll admit, even the sound of a "healthy burrito" is just about as unappealing as the sound of one made mostly of lard (I want it to taste good, after all!). Organic, however, sounds pretty damn good (as it turns out, they are not "organic" but do use really fresh ingredients). But as I found out... their "healthy" burritos are a REALLY GOOD THING. By "healthy," they mean: FRESH. I could not believe how good that burrito was. Seriously, it was the best burrito I've had in I can't even say how long. Even better than Chipotle. Everything was good. Their guacamole was awesome. The tortilla was fresh (the manager said, you have to have a good tortilla for a burrito to taste good... it's so true. It obviously wasn't old and stale like many places have). Their pico de gallo was exactly the way I like it. Super fresh and not too hot. I do like El Grullense down the street but... omg they feel like they have to put jalapenos in everything and  it just kills the food, to me. I want to enjoy my salsa, not feel like I have to wash it all down with ice water cause my mouth is on fire. But not the case with Bravo. They got it just right. I talked to the owner and was like, dude... you seriously need to advertise more, put a sign out front, SOMETHING, to let people know how good this place is! It's a shame I've lived here for 10 years and never knew.The manager told me they also have an outdoor patio. I checked it out and it was pretty cute. Will definitely be going there with the hubby in the future. Oh and the last thing... this place is SUPER CLEAN. Everything, from the table to the chairs to the bathrooms, looked like it had been scrubbed and inspected by the dude on Restaurant Impossible. I get the feeling the manager is kind of a neat freak, and I was LOVIN IT.I highly recommend this place to anyone who loves good Mexican food.NOTE: I just found out, if you want pico de gallo, you have to request it. They keep it in the refrigerator now, so that it stays FRESH. Makes sense to me. And there is no extra charge, you just have to ask for it. Yay!
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2012,1/13/2013,656,1338,5,9,9>I have been awaiting the opening of this place for quite awhile. I LOVE Sprouts, but since moving further up the peninsula,getting to the Sunnyvale location was becoming a rare occurrenceI would still like one closer, but am happy this is more convenient.)This store is nowhere near as large as the Sunnyvale store. Unfortunately, they were missing some of my favorite items, BUT we still managed to get a lot of the staples we like to buy here,At the top of the list: free range ground wild boar and bison. I cook with this a few times a week, and it VERY hard to find ground wild boar. (Why? It's low in fat and calories, a good source of protein and easy to cook with.)On the evening we were there, their prices for pork tenderloin, artichokes and local avocados were fantastic.We also regularly buy Fage yogurt here . I purchase the large size to cook with, and the small ones go in my husband's lunch. They didn't have all the flavors my husband likes but they had a few, and they were priced well.The staff was friendly and helpful, and incredibly plentiful. I'm guessing they brought in some employees from other stores for training.There are some great deals to be had in the wine section too. They didn't have a few varieties that we usually buy at Sprouts, but we tried something new and liked it.I'm hoping after they're open longer they'll carry some of the items they were missing when we were there. It was only the first week they had been open.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,1/12/2013,133,210,3,3,2>Oh my... this is one of my favorite places to eat Vietnamese food in San Mateo.  It is near the train tracks and one or two buildings away from KFC.  The staff is nice and the food comes out fast.What I really like the most is the Imperial egg rolls.  It is different from most places because they give you vegetables and noodles to go with it.  They are crunchy, tasty and it comes with a good amount of lettuce, noodles, and sour carrots to go along with it.  You have to wrap the egg roll with the leaf, noodles, sour carrots and some of the nuc mum (fish sauce) with chili.  It will be the best way to eat it.  With the vegetables it balances the hot and oily egg roll.  You must eat it this way to experience the whole sha bang.The pho is good and at a decent price.  I usually get the XL because it doesn't cost that much more either.  It comes with the typical bean sprouts, lemon, Thai basil, and peppers to add for more flavor or texture.The only thing I think is weird about this place is the way they have the hoison sauce and sarcha sauce is in a small jar with a spoon.  I like the traditional squirt bottle much easier and cleaner.  Also it does not have the small dish where you can mix the hoison sauce and saracha, you have to ask them.  The spoons and chopsticks will be also provided when they bring your pho.Overall I like this place especially the imperial egg rolls, the best! I would either go early before 12 for lunch if you don't want to wait.  It gets jam pack here for people who work nearby to come here for lunch.**parking**Parking is only on street so bring some coins.*payment**Cash or credit
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2012,1/11/2013,361,578,,2,3>For the price, it's a really reasonable breakfast option! I got the savory Crepe Bretonne, which is stuffed with 2 eggs, chicken-apple sausage, onions and mushrooms, and folded with brie on top. Served with hash browns (or home fries, toast, whatever), and a small fruit cup, and  with coffee (decent, diner-style), my total was less than $15!It was clean and cozy. Definitely recommend for an easy weekday breakfast!
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2012,1/31/2013,751,680,18,26,19>For the most part, my family is pretty much game on trying out new places.  My oldest knows I'm looking for some Yelp fodder, and most of them turned out to be good.  My youngest, however, wanted her usual: udon, pho, pasta, rice with tofu,...Not this time!Usagi is located next door to Yakitori Kokko.  Same owners.  Since this place is a little further away from Downtown San Mateo, parking is a little bit easier.  There is a private lot with limited parking spots, but  there is also parking available on the street.It's a brightly-lit restaurant, with roughly about 8 tables.  Very clean inside.  Specials are posted outside the restaurant, as well as on a white board inside the restaurant.  Most of the menu items are curry dishes with hamburger steaks, beef and pork cutlets, omelets, salads, and pastas.  As Ken K. mentioned in his review, a lot of what's served here is Japanese-styled Western dishes.On our first visit, we arrived a little they opened for dinner.  There were already some groups seated, but we had no problem getting a table.  Good timing, because a few minutes later, the restaurant was completely filled.After we were seated, we looked through our menus, and gave the waitress our orders when she came back.  Here's what we ordered:-House Salad (yelp.com/biz_photos/d0IB):  Comes with every entree.  Nice looking, and very fresh.  Light soy vinaigrette dressing.  Kid's didn't want their salads, so my wife and I had double orders of salad.-Tofu Salad (yelp.com/biz_photos/d0IB):  We didn't know the entrees came with salad, so we ordered this. A block of cold, soft tofu, cubed, topped with crispy daikon radish, red radish, tomatoes, and a sesame seed dressing.  With the house salad, my wife and I certainly got our roughage!-Beef Curry Rice (yelp.com/biz_photos/d0IB):  A shallow bowl of beef curry with a wedge of rice seemingly to float on top. Sides of ginger and pickled scallions.  Very rich and flavorful curry.  Not spicy, but tasty nonetheless.-Beef Hash Rice (yelp.com/biz_photos/d0IB):  Shredded beef with potatoes and onions in a rich, dark sauce.  Not like the curry, darker, a tad sweeter.  My oldest loved it.-Black Pork Cutlet (yelp.com/biz_photos/d0IB): Moist, tender pork, crispy on the edges, juicy in the center.  Came with a little cup of the dipping sauce, some greens, and a tartar-like sauce.-Usagi Chicken Tomato Rice Omelette with Demi-glacé sauce (yelp.com/biz_photos/d0IB):  Fluffy egg omelette, filled with a colorful red rice from tomatoes.  Choice of sauce, so my wife chose the Demi-glacé.  Tomatoes didn't overpower the rice, and it nicely complemented the omelette.  The sauce had a nice consistency, not runny, but not too thick either. Perfect for soaking the rice.Great comfort food, perfect for those cold blustery days, but great in any kind of weather.We've been already been here 3 times, and will be back again.Cash only!
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,1/30/2013,896,808,18,24,18>My son needed a new helmet for his scooter, and I decided to try Society to get him properly fitted. The staff here is very helpful - my kid had them hopping to find him just the right one. I liked their selection, and my son eventually picked a simple helmet that is comfortable and he actually wears. He can use it for scooting, skateboarding, or cycling, and the price wasn't bad either.We're planning to return for a skateboard one of these days. This is the kind of independepent local business I like to support.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,1/29/2013,348,168,3,12,5>I have to admit - this place serves the best Fish Tacos I have ever tried. Even fish tacos in Mexico are not as good. They have grilled salmon taco, which is sooo delicious!I love their orange salsa, tastes smoky and different from any other salsa in the area.The line is always long but come here 3-5 and you get $1taco and wait is shorter!
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,1/28/2013,286,975,4,6,6>We came here when our favorite mom-and-pop italian ristorante was closed, looking for some pizza and/or pasta.  The feel is very intimate, the restaurant is small, and the decor is really upscale and nice.We were at first a little put off by the fact that the menu has next to no vegetarian options, and then a little further put off by how slow the service was.  It took us forever to get some wine, and then even longer to put in our orders.But when the food came, it changed everything.  The calamari was fantastic, but the pizza was the real star.  We got the funghi pizza and after taking our first bite, just sunk into our chairs and stared at each other.  We make our own pizza at home all the time, but this crust was unbelievable.  We're on a quest now to make one like it.  The sauce was perfectly seasoned, and we couldn't get enough of those mushrooms.  Next time, we might order two of those pizzas and still probably might not have leftovers.  That pizza kills willpower, violently.  Yummmmm.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,1/27/2013,562,1006,3,6,3>The butter chicken lives up to the hype, but the restaurant is pretty pricey and we didn't feel that the experience quite justified the prices.   We shared a vegetable samosa appetizer ($5.95, yelp.com/biz_photos/ambe) and each had the famous butter chicken ($17.95, yelp.com/biz_photos/ambe) and an order of rice ($2.95) and split an order of naan ($2.50, yelp.com/biz_photos/ambe)While I knew it was pricier than other places, I didn't realize how much so.  The butter chicken is $18 as compared to $13-15 at a few other restaurants we have been to in the area.  However, since rice and naan are not included, the total for the complete entree is $24 pre-tax and tip.  That's pretty hefty.  The charge for naan isn't so bad, but $3 for rice seems especially high to me, especially given that the portion of rice we were given for 2 was barely enough for one of us.  We each took home half our butter chicken and we had no rice left over.That said, the butter chicken was fantastic.  It was the best I've had anywhere.  It had a rich, creamy sauce and tender, white meat chicken.  Usually I find the sauce slightly too sweet or too tomatoey or too something, but this struck just the right balance of all the flavors.   Oddly, my husband had the same dish and his sauce tasted distinctly different than mine (we each prefered our own but could both taste the difference).  Strangely enough, the same thing happened to us at Amber Dhara, their sister restaurant in Palo Alto.   The samosas were very good too, with a nice filling to crust ratio.   We both found the ambiance nice.  We were placed a table for 2 tucked into a corner of the dining room, so it was quite private.  The service, while friendly, was a little awkward and overly formal.  Also, although the food came out very quickly, they could have been more attentive about refilling our water glasses.As an aside, I think the reputation of this place as having super mild food is a little undeserved (whether you view that as a good or bad thing depends on your perspective, I suppose).  I freely admit that I like my Indian food mild, but I didn't find it especially so here.  Yes, the butter chicken was mild but it tends to be anywhere, and it had a little kick to it.  The samosas were quite spicy, I'd say at least average compared to other restaurants I've tried in the Bay Area.  I know several people who swear they don't like Indian food because its too spicy, but will eat here.  That seems strange to me as it doesn't seem much milder than the food in other local Indian restaurants.Anyway, I would definitely like to come back for the wonderful butter chicken but I think next time we'll probably do the lunch buffet which is a more reasonably priced $15 ($16 on weekends).(Best __: Best Butter Chicken)
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2012,1/26/2013,659,1527,1,9,5>Although I stand by my original review based on nostalgia, I hike the dish often and I love the workout.   I have grown to love what it is now-- even though I long for the Dish of my youth-- without pavement.Counterclockwise is my choice because I believe it gives a better workout-- more uphill climbs.  I also like to lengthen the hike and enter at Alpine.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2012,1/25/2013,84,60,5,8,6>I can't believe I haven't tried this place sooner, I live too close not to have known how wonderful this place is. Went for dinner last night and had the Chicken Shawarma and it was to die for. The flavor was amazing. We also had the Fattoush Salad and wanted it all to my self. It was amazing. The summac in the dish really makes the salad, along with the pita chips. YUM. We split an appetizer of a few things like Hummus, Dolma, Falafel (so good by the way), Baba Ghannouge, Tabouleh. All veryyy, verrry good. I will defintely go back!!
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,1/24/2013,208,619,4,6,6>This place is my new favorite Thai place around Mountain View. Reasonable prices and good tasting food always makes me happy. When driving on El Camino, this place is easy to miss, but if you see it and don't have time to turn into the parking lot, you can park on the street right behind it.My two favorite dishes here are the pad see ew and pineapple fried rice. The pineapple fried rice comes in a pineapple! I love the presentation and the amount of food that fits into that pineapple is amazing. The pad see ew comes with plenty of noodles, which will be enough for dinner. The noodles are chewy and the chicken has never been dry. The thai iced tea starts off quite sweet since I think they factor in the ice melting. Once the ice starts to melt, the iced tea is much more enjoyable.They also have a large TV here, but they need to do something about the sound since you can only hear it if you sit directly next to the TV.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2012,1/23/2013,35,247,4,4,4>What, another taqueria?? Of course! This is Redwood City, home of the taqueria. $1 tacos provide good reason to come to Tacos Los Gemelos. Lack of carnitas is a bit of a disappointment, although the pastor tacos and pulled bbq are a nice substitute. Overall, I would say these are very similar to most other tacos. The main difference is the size of the tortilla. They are a little larger than others, and nicely folded over to make it easier to pick up and eat.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2012,1/22/2013,72,200,7,8,9>Their new location brings this family owned business to another level. They are doing extremely well and looks like they've hired more staff. It seems to be more popular than before and its nice to see that the regulars have followed them from their old location on El Camino. The nice thing is that it's right off of 92 now and has ample parking within the shopping plaza it's located.Had breakfast here with a friend yesterday morning. I ordered "Joe's special" and a coffee. Only thing I didn't like was there was only Sweet N Low for my coffee and no Splenda which I personally prefer, but no biggie. My omelette was accompanied by hashbrowns which were mighty tastey. ;-) I had a satisfying breakfast - big portions, home cooking, diner-feel. Love everything about the place. (Price$ too!).And most importantly what makes or breaks a place - THE SERVICE! 5/5 stars no doubt. Every single staff member is there for a reason. They are the friendliest of people and the grandma is adorable. They are a funny, upbeat, group of individuals hard at work to bring San Mateo the second best thing to breakfast in bed :-)
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,12/2/2013,153,555,5,7,6>I'm surprised no one wrote a review for the Pork Stravaganza.Steins had several pork themed specials last week for July 4th and Sunday the 7th was the last day. So, I went to battle with their three layer Pork Stravaganza sandwich. Fried pork cutlet, spicy pork chorizo, and a huge slab of pork belly. There are also three pieces of bread, kinda like Big Mac style, but 10x better. There's also some various veggies, sauces, and even a fried egg. The whole sandwich probably weighed 4-5 lbs. I'm serious. They had to put in two skewers into each half just to hold it up!Anyways, the sandwich was really delicious, but it's one of those fork and knife ones because it's super tall. I actually wasn't planning on eating much since we had a late lunch, so I ate half and took the other half home for lunch. My friend was so jealous he ordered one to go and he's probably eating right now as I'm writing this review.Service was excellent. The beer menu was better than I remembered. I had the Vampire Slayer, and strong, but smooth milk stout. Highly recommended.My friend ordered the fried chicken sandwich and I tried a small piece. Not too salty, flavorful batter, and super juicy chicken.We had ordered the truffle fries to start, and later we realized both our sandwiches also came with fries. Oops. Next time, ask to upgrade your fries.I hadn't been here in a couple months, but it definitely seemed pretty chill on a sunny late Sunday afternoon. We walked right in and there were plenty of tables open.Five stars for beer, four stars for food. I'll round up to five for the good service. I noticed they had some flights on their menu, but I was too full from my 2.5lb half sandwich to continue drinking.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2013,12/1/2013,127,110,5,4,5>I have never noticed this place before, and I am definitely regretting that.  I usually pass by all of the little joints on Willow as I drive a little over the speed limit, singing poorly to the country radio station.  All of the little restaurants and shops were blurs, as I had places to be.Well this place made me want to stop and smell the local mom and pop joints thats for sure! Parking isn't great, but that's the only downside.I got the Sole.  Excellent, since I like it on the lighter side.  I do want to try the catfish thought, I heard it's pretty legit.  The breading is fantastic; it melts in your mouth.It took a bit longer to make than I was expecting, but it was so worth it.  Very reasonable prices.  I will definitely be back! Highly recommended.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2013,11/30/2013,439,150,4,4,2>This is Camille's favorite restaurant, mainly because they serve fries. We come pretty often for dinner on Friday nights to get our fried seafood fix. The picnic tables and checkered red tablecloths add to the New England-feel, the only thing missing is someone with a thick Boston accent (I'm willing to look past that because the woman who takes the orders is really sweet). Favorite things to get: Lobster roll, fried shrimp, clam chowder (shrimp/lobster gazpacho on a hot summer day is good too). It's not a healthy meal, but it sure is delicious - the seafood is consistently fresh.This place gets pretty busy during dinner hours; the line looks intimidating when it stretches out the door but once you're inside it isn't that long. If you call in your order for takeout you can bypass the entire thing.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2013,11/29/2013,68,50,3,5,4>Such a cute garden with so much character! I love the location in such a residential area in Palo Alto. It reminded me a lot of "The Secret Garden", which I loved as a kid. When I visited in October there were still tons of flowers blooming and the some of the trees were beginning to get their red tint.  This is a public garden that can be rented out for weddings and such. Or you can just stroll around the garden and explore. When we visited there was a woman setting up her table for a picnic gathering. As long as you let the city know, they allow that, and its completely free. I was visiting to check it out as a wedding venue. I loved it a lot and would have probably chosen it had it not had such a small capacity (50 max). The wedding they were setting up that day looked so lovely and intimate though. Really great prices, good parking, great location, and lots of garden areas to explore.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,11/28/2013,61,91,4,7,4>4 stars for the food, an extra star for the price of the lunch special and the service.This place has SOLID Chinese food in good portions with a very nice service. I am giving them an extra star because not only are they cheap and close to campus, but because they also seem to be empty every time I come to this place and I'm wondering if people don't know about it.Ambiance: This is lacking. They try and have fabric tablecloths but something about this place is still very dingy. Service: The lady I get has always been very nice.  I have come here multiple times for the lunch special and they also throw in an extra soup even though it's not mentioned in the menu. Food: Their food ranges from authentic to very American.  The lunch specials have some nice offerings such as fish with eggplant or an oxtail dish but it is served with a fried egg roll with sweet and sour sauce.  You can also get sweet and sour pork if you so wish though I always encourage people to be more adventurous. The portions are decently sized and including tip I think I pay the same as what I would have for Panda Express for MUCH MUCH MUCH better quality food.Overall, I love this place. It's my go-to for a quick lunch and I only wish more people knew about it and the lady could use that business to further improve the restaurant.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,11/27/2013,218,243,3,5,5>I've been going to the different Coupa's on Stanford campus for the past two years and finally decided to branch out to their Palo Alto location.  This is a great place to relax with a book or work and a delicious mug of chai.  Also a nice place for a coffee date.  So I've heard...I'm in love with their tiger spice chai and mochas.  There are a variety of exotic drink options to try, so why not go for something new?  They also have a great food selection as you'll notice in the case by the counter (so many yummy pastries to look at).  Their salads are delicious and a good alternative to Sprouts Cafe.  I've been twice for lunch in the past few weeks and had no trouble with lines or finding a seat.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,11/26/2013,89,414,,5,1>AWESOME tequila selection.  A++ there.  (And they serve tequila in appropriate glassware too.)Chips and salsa are ridiculously addicting.  Not your typical salsa, either but DAMN it gots a kick and like I said, addicting.Tried the tostada de jaivre (with the crab meat).  Meh... kinda weird.  Pass..Had one of the steak dishes, of course forget which one (flank with chimichurri sauce, I think... one of those nights...) BUT what I do remember - refried black beans!Refried.  Black.  Beans.   In my mouth.   Amazing.Service has been great the two times I've been here.  Do recommend, will come back and explore the menu some more.  (I understand, they don't take reservations on Fridays and Saturdays.)
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,11/25/2013,65,112,1,5,3>I came here last week as an alternative to Avatar's in Sausalito. Granted, these two places are nothing alike, I still had a phenomenal meal here. First off, this place is located inside a tiny house off of El Camino, which lends itself perfectly to a laid back but still sophisticated dining experience. Our server (blanking on the name) was one of the most attentive waiters I have ever seen and he really heightened an already great dinner. On to the food!Amuse bouche- broccolini + goat cheese concoction = mediocre, could have done without it.Appetizers:Scallops with butternut squash puree (in lieu of the bacon)- Perfection! seared with just the right amount of spice (lavender and cumin)Ode to My Wife, Part II (complimentary)- a terrine of beets and ricotta cheesecake, this was also stellar and tasted lovely with the accompanying goat cheese mouse (sweetened with vanilla, I could eat bowls of this!)Main course:Popeye's Dream- a new take on saag paneer, this spinach custard was somewhat heavy and one-noted in flavor. Not as spiced or seasoned as its indian food inspiration, but pleasant nonetheless. I tried a bit of the shrimp mousse from the poached seabass dish and that was also delicious. We ended the dinner with snowglobe ice cream sundae, which was a perfect decadent end to a lovely meal. I really recommend this place to anyone curious about elevated indian-inspired cuisine; it's delicious and not just chicken tikka masala and naan.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,11/23/2013,751,680,14,15,15>Yes, I am not as young as I used to be.I love going to the gym, working out and getting my sweat on.  A few months back, I got a bit too rambunctious, did some dips at an ill-advised width followed by some shoulder presses.  A few hours later I felt a very sharp pain while driving and turning the steering wheel.Yes, I tore my rotator cuff.I made a visit to an orthopedic surgeon, and he ordered an MRI for my shoulder at Health Diagnostics in Redwood City.Located off of Veterans Blvd., this place was easy to find.  They have front parking spots for their patients.  I checked in with the receptionist, who had me fill out the necessary paper work.  After that, I was directed to a locker room, where I changed into a robe.  A technician greeted me and directed me to the lab.While he was getting me set up, he described to me what to expect during the procedure.  During the procedure, the technician checked on how I was doing, via a speaker.The procedure was quick and efficient, and I was out in less than an hour.  After I changed back to clothes, the technician had the films ready for me to take to my doctor.Overall, the staff was very courteous and polite.  I liked that they had Blow Pops at the receptionist's desks, a little treat for me after the procedure.I'm on the mend, and hope not to come back here again, but I'm very pleased with their facility and staff.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2013,11/22/2013,68,83,3,4,1>$21 for a Prime Rib sandwhich? That's right. And it's worth every juicy, tender bite! As soon as I dipped my sandwhich into the au jus and smelled the complex flavors that I was about to taste, my salivary glands flooded. I mean...wooosh. This sandwhich could be the cure for dry mouth. I may have drooled. Maybe. Maybe not, maybe just a bit. It doesn't really matter. What matters is that after taking my first bite, the 'success' bells rang across the Town. Or perhaps it was just the distant bells ringing from the local San Carlos Cathedral. Who knows? Who cares. This place has nailed it on the head when it comes to their prime rib. If you want to be brave, try the Prime Rib Loaded. Just like it sounds, it comes loaded with extra goods. Mes compagnons both ordered the Crab sandwhich, and even though it did not knock their socks off, they were pleasantly satisfied and content with their meals. The service was excellent, super satisfied with our server, she was very friendly and down to earth, and helped tone down the slight hint of local suburban pretentiousness. Overall I highly recommend the Town for your next lunch or dinner!
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2009,9/23/2010,226,412,11,12,9>After dropping a whopping $46 dollars at Petsmart to get my boy washed (NOT EVEN GROOMED), I needed to find a place like this.  I'm thanking my lucky stars that such a place, because just a week after dropping that coin, Baco decides to run into a bush chasing after an animal.  That animal turned out to be a skunk.  Yeah, a skunk.I washed the skunk oils off for the most part, but Baco does not like getting wet and he certainly does not like taking a bath and holding him in my bathtub was a bitch of a time.  I had to find a place where 1. I could do it myself (meaning for cheaper than $46 and 2. a place that can hold my dog down.This place has hooks and tethers to hold the hind and front of your dog if he decides to freak the eff out.  They provide you with an elevated tub, a brush, a rubber spiky thing to get your dog lathered up, towels, and a blow dryer.  All the tools necessary to get your dog looking and smelling great.  All for $15!!Oh.  I guess they have aprons, but I didn't see those til after I was done and dripping wet.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2009,9/22/2010,47,721,4,8,4>What to order? PRIME RIB BABY ($28)!!! I order mine rare and dunk it into the horseradish that comes with. The mashed potatoes that comes with this dish are heavenly *drooling just thinking about them*. They add chopped white onions and green onions into the mix of light and airy potatoes. I enjoy plopping small forkfuls into the auju sauce and gobbling each bite up. Why a small forkful? I find something heavy like mashed potatoes should be consumed in delicate bites to appreciate the flavor and it makes the delicious side last longer!!!! I only wish they offered a side salad that comes with the dish instead of charging for it separately. Our waitress was super friendly which made this visit all the better :)
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2009,9/21/2010,47,113,4,5,6>I've been to Artisan Wine Depot twice in the past week not for wine, but for tasty tasty beer (mostly Belgian, some German).James (great name, I highly recommend it) helped me both times, and he was great--he's very friendly, and he knows his stuff. On the second visit, I had a nice chat with Christine, who seems really cool.I've scoped out the wine a little bit, and it looks like an interesting selection with good prices. Once I've gotten a chance to do a little vino tasting and shopping, I'll see if Artisan Wine can earn that 5th star... it looks promising!
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2010,9/20/2010,323,283,7,12,8>When was the last time you didn't get what was advertised?  I bought a couple of Groupons for one hour FOOT massages so I could understand if  Oceanic was too zen or dark so the experienced masseuse could not find your feet!Nah, I'm just trying to be funny and not doing a very good job.  Oceanic is very good from the second you walk in you feel the anticipation of relaxation.  A whisper greeting and check in process is very friendly, the chairs are ready and your feet soak in warm water as your experienced masseuse begins to massage your face, scalp, arms, hands and then finally your legs and feet.A fine mixture of soft and firm pressure melts your stress away, then as your feet are done.  You are requested to flip over for a final 10 minute neck and back massage.  I like the way Oceanic falsely advertises their foot massages, you get so much more and makes you wanting to do this on a regular basis.I like their on line reservation system and current promotion of $30 for 60 min foot treatment.  Come before 3 pm and get it for $25 and their current referral system sounds give a free for every 5.  Honor system I guess.  No photos since it would be rude to take a flash pic of the guy next to me going in and out of slumber-snore-land.  I appreciate the professional manner in which the therapists handle themselves...no pressure, just focus on giving good treatments.  It's easy to take care of them by tips.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2010,9/19/2010,1110,489,24,25,22>My flatmate, Roxy G., is prone to inadvertent detours. She's been living in the Bay Area for quite a while, but gets lost one out of every three times we go out - usually going 5+ miles in the opposite direction (once, 25 miles south). She's also prone to sporadic bouts of hunger, usually picking anything between a Jack in the Box, KFC, or your totally random hole in the wall. So when we found ourselves driving through Little Mexico (cue the charming Spanish-language billboards and businesses - eg. lavandería as opposed to laundromat), she suddenly decided she wanted tacos. I was full, so I was indifferent towards her choice of food (case in point: I didn't bother checking Yelp).. We drove by plenty of sketchy-looking taquerias covered in signs with misspelled words, but she scoffed at each one.. muttering something about being able to tell when something "looks" authentic. As soon as she spotted Tacos Los Gemelos, she pulled into the single empty spot across the place and told me this was "the one." I couldn't understand why, considering it's facade - the choice of colors (green and yellow) and modern-ish form screamed Americanized to me... plus, it's name didn't start with the word "Taqueria." I always thought that was an essential element.. but, then again, I'm Asian. What do I know about how to spot a real taqueria?I still don't know if what I ate there was authentic, but everything was definitely MUCH more tasty than that taqueria she took me to in Tijuana, the one by our house, and Lolita's in San Diego. Full as I was, I managed to eat 1.5 barbacoa tacos ($1), 1 carne asada taco ($1), a bite of my friend's cheese quesadilla, and a sopes al pastor ($2). The barbacoa, carne asada, and sopes........ FOODGASMIC.In true Pavlovian fashion, I salivate as I recall everything I tasted yesterday.When I raved about it to my husband, he insisted his Mom makes the best sopes in the world. Although I'm sure her sopes are delicious (as her tamales and enchiladas are), I can't imagine them being better than those at Los Gemelos.Let's hope my mother-in-law never reads this review. *quickly unchecks post-to-Facebook*
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2010,9/18/2010,227,119,4,6,5>What a lovely little place to study and chill. Free wifi, quaint atmosphere, and good noise volume. They have desserts, a good selection of sandwiches and paninis, baked goods, and much more. Their chai latte was absolutely perfect! The foam was thick and the balance of spice, tea, and milk was exactly how I liked it. (Well actually I didn't know how I liked it until I had theirs.) Even the temperature was perfect. I experienced too many times where the temperature is just way off. Either the drink burns my lip when I take the first couple sips or it isn't warm enough. I had the apple and brie sandwich and I absolutely loved everything about it. The side salad was appetizing and the baguette was exactly how it should be. Crunchy yet soft on the inside. It was really fresh and the apples were perfectly sliced and fuji. So why 4 stars instead of 5? Because the lady behind the cash register didn't know anything about the items on the menu and had to go to the back multiple times to ask somebody about what certain things were. I also wanted something without meat and she suggest a prosciutto sandwich. Don't expect your questions answered the days she's working.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2010,9/17/2010,438,269,5,7,5>This place serves quality food at great prices.  I come here whenever I get a sushi craving in the Redwood City area.I always get the bento box.  During dinner it's $11.95 for two items or $13.95 for three items.  My usual is the sashimi, mixed tempura, and fried oysters.  It's 4 pieces of fresh tuna, a good assortment of veggies (onion, squash, cauliflower, and eggplant) and shrimp tempura, and 5 lightly breaded, deep fried oysters.  It also comes with soup and a huge salad.Parking is hard to find on Broadway, so if you're going for dinner I recommend parking at the Redwood City Caltrain station (it's free after 6pm) and just walking to the restaurant.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2010,9/16/2010,75,100,5,10,10>Five stars if I'm reviewing just the mojito. It was crisp, refreshing, exactly like it's supposed to be. After the nasty, syrupy monstrosity they served me at Cascal in Mountain View, I was so ready for a good mojito and La Bodeguita delivered. The Dark & Stormy (ginger beer and dark rum) was also really good and pretty freakin strong. I was impressed with the specialty cocktail list and probably would've drank myself all the way through it if money (and the ability to walk out unassisted) were no object.Pork empanadas were an excellent starter. $10 and you get three. Since we had four in our party, the server offered to add a fourth, but we had one vegetarian in the group so it wasn't necessary. The server's attention to detail was appreciated though. Also had plantain chips with black bean salsa and the special plantain-crusted calamari, neither of which was particularly good but not bad either.I had the Ropa Vieja entree, shredded skirt steak with peppers and tomatoes on yellow rice with plantains. An enormous portion, enough for dinner and a (big) late-night snack. And it was delicious both times.The menu selection isn't huge, but it's decent. Seafood-heavy. For a true vegetarian, the only entree choice is the veggie plate, but there are also salads and some soup choices. Great service. In addition to being attentive, our server had lots of personality. Nice mood lighting, cuban music playing in the bar... cool place overall. We made a reservation for four last minute on a Fri night and got the most baller table in the place, the curved corner booth. Do: Make a reservation and have a mojito. Don't: Freak out when you see the price for the Bodeguita Ajiaco and the paella. They both serve two.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2010,9/15/2010,493,463,6,6,6>On a night that I should be packing what am I doing? Cocktailing with a friend. And for dinner? Umm, frozen yogurt! Perfect ... Not too much.  Just enough.I have to say that I'm impressed - on par with Pinkberry, but in the "serve yourself" mode ... Could be dangerous.  One must practice self discipline. Hard, right?  Miyo has Pinkberry up one with the multitude of toppings. Yummy!I'll be back! Hopefully I won't have to pack the next morning ...
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2010,9/14/2010,176,264,8,10,7>My goodness, this place is an hour of heaven.  The front lobby vibrates with zen and feng shui and all that mumbo jumbo.I booked an hour in Nine Bats (Tub, Cold Plunge, Steam Room) for me and the lady friend's one year anniversary.  Of course, I went ahead and got their Yelp deal ($100 gift card, and you get 15% off every time you use it)We showed up that night about 15 minutes early, and luckily the room was ready, so we hopped right in.  She handed us both a cup of tea, showed us the bathroom (Well kept and clean as a whistle), and walked us to our room.  A quick introduction to the room and a quick demo of how all the switches worked, and we were well on our way.The staff was extremely helpful and well prepared.  My girl needed a hair tie - they had one right away.  Extra towels were not a problem either.  One gripe is that i wish they labelled all the switches in the room, because a minute after she left, we had already forgotten what half of them did.  But the one hour of relaxation was a perfect end to the night.  The big tub lay right under a faux starry night.  Steam room was relaxing, but overwelmingly stuffy for novices like us.  Fortunately, the cold plunge was perfect to  cool ourselves off for yet another dive into the hot tub.  A 10 minute knock meant you had enough time to rinse off in the shower, which had soap and shampoo for your needs. Watercourse definitely did right, and we're already planning our second trip here!  The girlfriend also took her mom and sister here for her mom's birthday, and she loved every minute of it.  A+
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2007,7/9/2008,215,101,10,8,6>Beautiful theater. The architecture and interior alone are worth visiting for. A great place to go on a date, and to watch all the cute little old couples holding hands. One time the power went out in the middle of a movie. Did the patrons get boisterous and yell for the staff to fix it? No. Did they loudly demand a refund? No. When the theater staff came out to apologize, the entire audience clapped like they were at Pavarotti's final performance. Mind you, the average age was 85 and they were probably all on Valium. I can't wait to be old.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2007,7/8/2008,276,152,13,15,21>I have to ask, when writing a review, has your mouth ever started to water?  Weird, because mine just did.  See this place is soooo good, sooooo good that I thought about saving this review until I reached 200.  However, I can walk down my block tomorrow and get shot so I'm just going to write it now.  ;0)  (I'm kidding about the getting shot part.... sort of)Anyways.... Oasis is the only joint that, to me, can pull a family together from all over.  I live in the City; my sister lives in Berkeley, mom and brother live in Palo Alto.  All mom has to do is make one phone call... well maybe 3 and we are there, having a family dinner like the good old days.Phone rings, "hello?"Mom, "hey punk what are you doing after work?"Me, "chillin chillin"Mom, "come down for dinner?"Me, "I don't know... I'm kinda tired and just want to---"Mom, "We are going to Oasis"Me, "I'm leaving work now"The "O" has something for everyone.  My mom and sis like the Gilroy Special, while my brother and I love us some BBQ chicken.  Chicken, cheese and bbq sauce in every bite.  They have an outside patio as well so you can enjoy the picnic tables and sunshine.  You talk about history, there's not a piece of wood that hasn't been carved into it.What's better than eating pizza, slamming back beers, watching sports, and telling jokes?  When you are doing all that with your family.My mouth is still watering.  I think it's time for me to go see mom.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2008,7/7/2008,168,165,5,6,6>Wow, wonderful place.It's one of those places where the people who work there will remember who you are and prolly what you had last week.The food is pretty cheap, especially compared to other sushi restaurants and restaurants in general that are in the area.I had this fish neck thing that was absolutely delicious.I'll definitely be back, prolly with more people.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2008,7/6/2008,126,441,6,7,8>Last night was the second time my family and I came here for hot pot. I have to say.... the spicy soup is sooooooo good. I love all the spices in the broth and it's so flavorful that you don't need sauce to dip your meat or veggies in.We always get the half and half, since my mom doesn't eat spicy. Honestly though, after a few bowls of spicy, I needed the non-spicy soup to "dilute" the soup. We usually order a bunch of stuff, but these are my favorites and recommendations:-meat balls: very juicy and flavorful-shrimp balls: huge, fresh shrimp meat roll into a ball-beef and lamb slices: both fresh and delicious-fresh tofu: very soft, much better than the other tofu choices-winter melon: very yummy with the soup-Any green veggie works good with the soup.. I like spinach and napa cabbage best, it doesn't "over cook"-noodles: udon, wide, vermicelli are all goodThey do offer cooked, Mongolian skewers, but cooking hot pot is the best!! Definitely come here if you are into hot pot.... it's quite a fun experience.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2008,7/5/2008,331,264,8,9,9>So, being the adventurous little one that I am, I decided to check out what this Broadway Grill was all about, and my experience was nothing short of yelptabulous. We came here to dine during Motown Mondays which apparently gets filled up fairly quickly. There was small mix-up with our reservation as we had made it online, and technically they were already booked when we had made it. The hostess quickly informed the manager who took care of the issue in no time, and even gave us complimentary drinks for our wait (which was just a few minutes). With my nice 'n strong vodka tonic in hand, I was a happy camper as I made my way to our table :)FOODThe menu in-house is different from the menu online, so keep that in mind. I knew it would be a good night as soon as the hot garlic bread balls were placed on our table. Any restaurant that serves hot bread is fine by me (such a small detail, but it makes a good impression!). We ordered the pei mussels as an appetizer and it came with chorizo sausage. *drool* The mussels were on the smaller side, and it was slightly pricier than usual, but they were delicious. As for our entrees, the BBQ ribs quite literally fell off the bone as my so was giving me one to try. I ordered the crusted blue cheese filet mignon, and it came with the perfect medium rare. The quality of the meat was all there, and it was quite tender. The presentation was slightly lacking, but the food was solid and I was more than satisfied. SERVICEFrom the hostess, manager, and to our server I was truly blown away. Everyone we came across was genuine, and did their utmost to provide outstanding customer service. You can't fake sincerity, and they went above and beyond. A stand-up job I must say.ENTERTAINMENTLast, but not certainly not least..It was a straight up party from the moment we walked in til the moment we left. The restaurant is filled with anniversaries, birthdays, and even retirement celebrations. From 7:30-9:30 Fred Ross is belting tunes from the Commodores to Al Green and everyone is up on their feet. Never have I ever seen so many elderly caucasians throw their hands up so gangsta-like and shake their booties like it ain't no thang. Seriously, I was impressed people!
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/21/2008,7/4/2008,896,808,5,9,9>Can one superstar employee single-handedly change my opinion of a store?  Yes, John Cattarin from plumbing achieved what I thought was impossible today.  John gets 5 stars.  The rest of the employees I've encountered over the years get 1 star.  John bumps up the rating to 3 stars; way to go, John!I've always hated shopping at Home Depot.  The lack of customer service has caused me to leave empty-handed and frustrated more than once, and usually I avoid the store.  I prefer OSH for their superior customer service, even if their prices are slightly higher.I didn't know that amazing service was attainable within the walls of Home Depot.  John took me under his wing and even gave me a chair and invited me sit behind the desk with him while he called several other stores to see if they had what I was looking for.  He asked to speak with an assistant manager at one store when he got the run-around when he asked to put something on hold for me.  I don't think I'll ever look at Home Depot the same way, thanks to John.  He multi-tasked (lots of customers came by to ask him questions), and didn't have an ounce of the apathy/ignorance/neglect I've come to associate with most Home Depot employees.  If most of the employees were half as good as John, I'd shop there regularly.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/21/2008,7/3/2008,35,70,6,7,5>I think Anita L. has the right bead on this place.  Gulliver's is bizarre, in an amusing, incredulous, huh? sort of way.  The food was so-so;  not bad but not anything great, either.  The exception was our steak-filled Yorkshire pudding appetizer that we really enjoyed, which was Yorkshire pudding with a mix of steak pieces, mushrooms, and caramelized onions on top, all covered with gravy -- right up my alley.   Other than that, the menu is pretty steakhouse/traditional/continental/whatever-you-­want-to-call-it, but then they have sort of random items on it like crab rangoon, jalapeno poppers, and teriyaki chicken (that's the 'huh?' poking its nose in).  For my entree, I ordered the Angel Hair with Grilled Chicken Breast, which comes with your choice of "a cream and wine sauce or marinara sauce."  Wanting a lightly creamy marinara, I tried to request both, either as a mixture of the two or side by side, I didn't care which.  The waiter said it wasn't possible for whatever reason (it was difficult to ferret out why), mumbling stuff about how it's already all prepared or something (more on him in a minute), and then he started referring to the non-marinara sauce as Alfredo, which made me ask, "Wait, is it Alfredo sauce or a cream and wine sauce?"him:  "Yes, yes, alfredo sauce."me:  "So the menu is wrong?  It says cream and wine sauce."him:  "Yes, cream and wine sauce."me:  "Alfredo sauce is not the same thing as cream and wine sauce.  There is no wine in Alfredo sauce.  And Alfredo sauce is made with cheese.  Are you saying the 'cream and wine sauce' is actually a cheesy Alfredo sauce?"him:  "Yes, cheese sauce."me:  *sigh*  "Ok, whatever, I'll just have the marinara, please."Ages go by....  We see a neighboring table get seated, order, served, and eat most of their meal.  Finally our waiter comes wheeling a serving cart over to our table, and what does he pull out of it for me but Angel Hair with Grilled Chicken Breast with non-marinara sauce.  Of course.  I pointed out the mistake but said it was fine, I'd still eat it, but would it be possible to get a side of marinara sauce?  No problem, he said....  So in the end, I got my original request of both sauces anyway.  That's all I ever wanted!  I don't think he understood me (and probably not a whole lot in general).  The non-marinara sauce also turned out to be exactly what the menu stated -- a light wine and cream sauce, nothing at all like a cheesy, heavier Alfredo.  Bf had prime rib, which was huge, but not as good as HOPR.  It was all right, though.Anyway, about our waiter....  he was a little old asian man who shuffled around very quickly and acted like he was extremely busy and almost inconvenienced by the fact that he had to tend to our table.  He was like a cartoon character.  Not rude, but just in his own little world.  Other waiters, also mostly little old asian men, seemed more normal.  Their attire, however, was not normal.  They were all dressed in lilliputian(?) costumes with minutemen-type hats and ill-fitting crossback suspenders, looking a tiny bit disheveled.  The women wore more wenchy-type outfits.Decor and ambiance:  There was someone (i think dressed in a tux) playing background music on the grand piano in the main room, and I could envision how this place may have once been a swanky, men's club-feeling steakhouse.  Lots of wood paneling and railings, a fireplace in the side room, armchairs, etc.  But then with the costumed servers and paintings depicting scenes from Gulliver's Travels hung all over the place, it felt like a theme restaurant at Disneyland or something.  Especially with the ever-so-slightly incohesive menu.All in all, it was quite the experience -- much better than Elephant Bar would've been, that's for sure.  Very entertaining.  I'm not sure that I would go back...  maybe for the yorkshire pudding appetizer and a few drinks if I had time to kill or needed to meet someone near SFO.  But I'll give it three stars anyway since it was just so surreal.And then afterwards, the bf and I went out to his car and had a quickie in the parking lot before he took off for the airport.  Just kidding.  Maybe.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2008,7/2/2008,537,770,9,12,10>Do you know where all the roller skating nerds are on a Saturday night? I  now do... because I have discovered, I'm a closet skate nerd wanna be. One of Nata B.'s girlfriends hosted a super fun Girl's Night featuring Disco Roller Skate at Redwood Roller Rink and I have been giddy for four weeks in anticipation of getting my skate on. And it did not disappoint. As Dancing Queen came over the speakers I was brought back to a place before I was even born, when all a gal wanted was for her sweetie to take her to the roller rink and hold her hand as their group cracked the whip. Ok no not really. but I had a really great time speeding around the rink, stopping the music to switch directions, and then doing line dancing. The jumping on skates bit was hard, but I didn't fall once and I got in 2 fabulously fun hours of cardio. If only my gym had a roller rink, then I'd always been in shape. It was amazingly fun, the people there were a little strict with their rules to keep the place clean, but seriously nice too. I think the whole time I was there I couldn't help singing along, getting a little bounce in my skate, and the smiling never ended. Fun times for sure.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/24/2008,7/1/2008,106,109,6,10,9>Walked across the street from dinner at Barbara's for drinks, dessert and live music. Live music is from 7PM-10PM in the bar area. We waited outside for our table by the fire pits. 2 Fire pits to choose from. There are also several tables outside where you can drink and dine under heat lamps but by the late evening it was chilly so we decided to move our party inside. The brewery beers were compared to Beach Chalet, which isn't a good thing. So I had a couple of the margs. The dessert was incredible. We shared 3 different ones, the brownie a la mode, apple crumb, and the banana chocolate chip cake. The least favorite was the apple crumb more crumb than apple. The brownie was heaven and my favorite was the banana choc cake, 3 layers of white frosting between the 3 tiers, with chocolate frosting on top. It was too good!I can only give the brewery 3 stars because the beer was flat and we didn't have any food but whatever did come out of the kitchen looked good with hefty portions to match.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2008,6/30/2008,249,513,10,9,10>i have a confession: i've never had "froyo" before and never really understood the sudden craze of all these new froyo shops opening and the mass following of customers. so as a newbie, i found it appropriate to start at nubi.as i entered, i was greeted with a very friendly associate who explained to me the self-service and topping stations. she also told me to sample the flavors freely to be sure i like what i'm getting. she had me at free...6 flavors later, i decided to pull the handle bar down on the strawberry, raspberry pomegranite, and green apple. i topped it off with some strawberries, cap'n crunch, and mochi balls. the little monster weighed in at 12.4 ounces. i paid my $0.39 per ounce and took a seat in their clean and spacious store. my first spoonful was comprised of the raspberry pomegranite and a mochi ball. OMG! what on earth have i been missing out on?! this is the best thing since...the last best thing! i am forever hooked! the flavors were all so tart and delicious and the toppings were fresh. so this is what the froyo craze is all about. some other flavors of yogurt that didn't make it into my cup were chocolate, vanilla, mango tart, peanut butter, cheesecake, pineapple, taro, original tart (i gagged when i tried it), pistachio, etc. but i have found my perfect trifecta. i left nubi feeling no longer like a froyo newbie. it was so good, i want to come back every night.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2007,1/10/2008,46,142,8,9,11>I am rubbing my carb filled belly in satisfaction as remember the delights I ate not but a few short hours ago. My sister brought me to our favorite place which just opened up closer to us as a thank you for her baby shower last Saturday. The new location is fantabulous!!!!!! Salamate Shalizar!okay first, the place is absolutely gorgeous! Its like you are walking into a Persian home and you are the guest of honor. A thing to remember is if you are in a rush this is not the place for you. Us Persians take our time with everything and dinner is one of them, its to be enjoyed and my sister and I definitely did. The dark wood floors, the Persian rugs, the bar and the light walls were very very beautiful and yet i felt at home and not too under dressed.secondly, they have a coal/fire BBQ thingie (I dont know whats its called but my uncle makes our kabobs like this too) Boy oh boy was everything scrumptious. I dont use that word lightly, I have been raised on Persian food and this place is the real McCoy. Third, I know I had died and gone to carb heaven/hell when i had some of the bread, its not just pita its the delicious flat bread that my mom will sometimes bless us with from the Persian store for Persian new year ...... so good. I take the bread and put a little feta on top and smiled.Fourth, the service was good, the owners stopped at the tables making sure their patrons were well taken care of and there were many "buss Boys" running around to help get anything you should need.......more bread times three :)Fifth, AGAIN the food was delicious, the rice was perfect, my tomato was BBQ'd perfectly and i squished it into my rice to make a lovely concoction to go with my kabobs and yogurt.....onion on the side of course and definitely pass the sumac!!!!!What we ordered:salad shirazi most o mosirtahdig with khoreste gaymeh on topsineh - chicken breast kabobkoobideh - ground beef kabobYes I did need to rest afterward and I definitely needed my Persian tea afterward so I could gain enough energy to snap out of my food coma and roll myself to my sisters car.My sis thought it funny that I was trying to out eat her seeing as how she is 8mos preggers. I almost succeeded and i did not even have to try:)
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/10/2007,1/9/2008,455,181,23,11,8>So my grandma came to town.  Now my grams, is uber cute and dresses with an incredible sense of style and has a eye for fashion.  She came home just raving about Chico's, that there were so many cute things for all ages.  Until she dropped the name Chico's, I was really excited.  So ladies, if you want to wear hip grandma clothes, Chico's is your place.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2007,1/8/2008,30,72,6,5,7>This place is hands down my favorite deli on the planet! My mouth starts to water just thinking about this place. My favorite sandwich is the Hot Pastrami with Swiss. They heat it just perfect and put it on these thick freshly sliced pieces of bread that are still warm out of the oven. Doughy on the inside and perfectly crispy on the outside. they also put fresh kosher dill pickles to complete the taste, but if you don't like pickles, just ask. It is literally heaven in my mouth and I am truly convinced that my mouth will never come across a better sandwich. Thank you Garden Deli, for giving me something to love for.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2007,1/7/2008,109,213,7,7,8>i've never liked much of chicken or beans until i came here. after reading so many reviews. i decided to come here to try this place out...it was on a whim. driving around downtown sj, looking for grubs, then it hit me...Back A Yard.i hope i didn't make an illegal u-turn from Willow & Newbridge. cuz i saw the restaurant and made a huge turn that placed me right in front of the restaurant. anyways, there's no parking to be found if you're not lucky. the place is small, i think that's why a lot of folks order take out...cuz imagine if everyone brought their family in for dinner, there'd be no place to sit. although, i thought they could set up some tables and chairs outside, the yard in front is big enough for at least 4-5 tables, but i guess they must have their reasons not to...or maybe it's just getting colder. moving on...we ordered jerk chicken like everyone else here. i got jerk chicken + ox tail combo, my bf got jerk chicken + pork combo because i told him to. i don't know why i gave him the impression they're to die for when i haven't had them before....and he believed me. well, they're not to die for, but they're very good because i ate every morsels of it. i don't like the ox tail so much because it's too fatty. jerk chicken was moist and flavorful, jerk pork was just as moist and good, too bad we didn't get enough of it.  to me, the meat tasted just fine without the extra jerk sauce....not spicy enough, but just right..though, you can add more hot sauce to make it better.  each combo came with side of salad, sweet plantain & rice and red bean......the pictures of rice & beans were not appealing to me, but they're hecka good....and i'm so gonna try to make some of that myself. after we ate and left, we smelled like a couple of jerks. oh! forgot to mention...i think i ran into a fellow yelper there. cuz his face was so familiar to me...yet i couldn't recall where i've seen him from........i came to a conclusion that he must be a yelper when i saw him taking pictures of his food. :)  if we see pictures of jerk chicken & pork combo in here, we'll know it's true. ;)
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2007,1/6/2008,192,221,9,9,7>This review for my lunch on Tuesday actually starts on Monday. I was really busy at work and I ended up missing dinner on Monday night. That is unless you count the Clif bar I pounded down while driving on the freeway at 7:30 pm as dinner. Tuesday's breakfast at 6am was another rushed affair so I ended up with a Clif bar for that meal as well. When breaktime came at 10 I was super busy so you guessed it another Clif bar. I carry them in my car and have them at my desk for occasions just like this. Lunchtime comes and I'm starving. Well, starving as much as someone that weighs eleven stone could be considered "starving". I'm looking for something heavy and filling so I roll into Pizza Primo and order a small combo pizza a salad and a diet coke. Whenever I come to a place that has a salad bar where they give you a plate that you get to fill one time for a salad I consider it a personal challenge. One shot to fill this plate you say? I say it is ON. You've thrown down the gauntlet and I guaranf***entee you that my salad will be four times taller than this plate is wide. Of course there will be olives and carrots in all the dressings as well as a trail of raw broccolileading to my table but you will know that you've met the master of the salad bar when I am done. So I've finished this huge salad and I'm already full and reading my newspaper when my pizza comes. It's thicker than most places make it and the toppings are pretty healthy as well. I figure that I'll only be able to eat one slice out of six. At this point note that I ordered a small and not a personal sized pizza. My total bill was $17. I pile on the red pepper and take the first bite and its really good. I was skeptical about this place with the mediocre salad bar (no pepperoncini!) but the pizza is grubbin'. I decide to eat two more slices and damn they're good. I look at what I have left and I think should I take it home? It doesn't seem likely that I'll eat food thats been sitting in my car for hours because I'm in for another long work day today. Okay, I'll eat one more slice.I just can't see taking the other two slices home and I'm thinking that I can eat them but I know that its gonna hurt.DONE! I've tasted victory at the salad bar and at the table. I'm sure it was probably about a million calories but at least I washed it down with a diet coke.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2007,1/5/2008,145,324,6,6,7>Since coming to SF and having several very righteous nights at Presidio Bowl, I have grown more and more fond of bowling. Seeing Big Lebowski a few years back put me over the top -- I mean, how can ANY movie lose with as memorable a catch-phrase as "Aw fuck it Dude, let's go bowling"?The one catch is that I suck at bowling. My Fred Flintstone 'twinkle-toes'  technique did not help -- while it provided my buds with an unending source of amusement, the scores it generated had a less than salutary effect on my self-esteem. Occasionally I'd use raw muscle to rifle the ball straight enough to generate a strike, but generally . . . well . . . about all I got for my efforts was a laugh, or a sympathetic smile.I finally took lessons here.  At $10 for two games and free shoes, they are a steal, and signing up for four nets you your own ball and bag. The instructor was just what I needed: down to earth and low-pressure. The location is pretty cool too, with its welded-metal totem pole out front and the feeling that this was a pretty hip destination for thirty-somethings forty-something years ago.Now I've got something that approximates a technique . . . and have discovered how to bowl badly, with discipline.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2007,1/4/2008,486,119,12,15,11>My first ever "I saw it on yelp and only saw it on yelp and decided to try it 'cause of the sheer amount of awesome reviews" experience.No, I don't know how to condense that effectively.I got my eyebrows done here last night upon recommendation of you, the wonderful yelp community!  That's right, 2006 Time Person of the Year, YOU helped me out!! And i'm glad you did.Finding a good waxer in a new state is incredibily difficult.  It's not like lunch, you can't just write off a bad experience as "well i'll never eat there again".  No.  When you get a bad eyebrow waxer, the world knows, and sometimes you bleed.  (Look forward to my future review of waxing places past)  You either look really surprised at everything everyone says, or try to hide in your house for a week while you heal up and pray you dont have any lasting scars. I found my last waxer in Hawai'i upon recommendation of my sister, and I had been going to her exclusively for a couple of years.  How people find waxers without recommendations is beyond me.  I wouldn't trust anyone who didn't come fully recommended with a stick of hot wax near my eyes.  No sireeeI'm glad I ventured to this place.And an adventure it was.  I'm new, so finding a place in a new town at night is pretty difficult.  If you're driving towards burlingame, it's on your left and unfortunately kind of blocked.  They do have their own parking lot, and those of you who read my reviews know that good parking automatically makes me love you.Even though I was late (totally my fault with the getting lost thing), they were still friendly to me and took me in.  I didn't mind the extra wait because my person had taken the next appointment in early (how can i say I'm super sorry..oh yeah ill review you guys).The environment was cute, where else can you get your eyebrows done, get makeup, and hey pick up some lingerie (not lying) in one sitting?  I dare you to find somewhere else.Prices are pretty good.  Ladies, bring cash for tips.  I can't stress that enough.  Thanks to you for that particular tip about this place.  The prices are decent.  $20 for an eyebrow wax, and that's including tax!Everyone was friendly and very good at what they do.  I'm gonna have to go back and check out their other services.  I highly recommend this place to anyone who needs it.  Dude seriously, my skin didn't even hurt an hour after....that's incredible!UPDATE:Nadia is the SH*T when it comes to bikini waxes.   I won't go into details but almost NO pain after the process.  SERIOUSLY.  F*CKIN awesome.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/30/2007,1/3/2008,791,1230,7,13,12>Between Mai and Oidon (in the same neighborhood), I like Oidon better. Mai is too busy and rowdy.  How am I to relax and drink sake while a wall full of photos and bright colors stare back at me.  However, the champon is good.  And, they have saba nigiri for $1.  At that price, you can pop them in your mouth like m&m's.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2007,1/2/2008,2403,2327,2,4,7>A contemporary art gallery in downtown Redwood City - gotta love it.  In fact there is another art gallery on Main St. as well (called The Main Gallery) and one on the other side of Broadway (other side of the train tracks, across from Peet's) too.  MRCA consists of one large room and you can see most of the pieces (paintings, photographs) through the window.  The exhibits change of course, but they recently had some interesting abstract still life paintings and eerie black and white landscape photos.  Michael Rosenthal is a former Stanford University Vice Provost and a local artist.  His gallery features local and international artists.  The upcoming New York exhibit (Jan. 26 - Feb. 27) is worth catching as it features artists that are well known enough that even I've heard of them: Roy Lichtenstein, Robert Rauschenberg and others.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2007,1/1/2008,311,365,4,6,6>Where do you go when your sister is having a birthday and all of your mutual girlfriends come from SF, Alameda, San Leandro, and San Jose?You meet at a centrally located, Yelper-recommended Filipino restaurant in San Mateo and have a blast! The food was great, the service was awesome, and we were treated to free dessert wine after our meal. I, of course only had a sip ... but hey, free is still free!Upon entering the restaurant, we noticed that our reserved table was right by the door, so we were going to ask to be moved out of the draft ... but John, the owner, beat us to it and offered to move us to the other side of the restaurant. He went over there himself and helped move some tables around. Talk about hospitable.The restaurant wasn't very crowded for a weeknight, and we were happy to be able to laugh and eat to our heart's content! In fact, I think we ordered too much! There were some stars on the menu, and some others that had the potential to be great but were lacking.Some good dishes:1) Sinigang - Seared black cod in tamarind soup, not as sour as other sinigang dishes but still perfectly cooked and tender2) Crispy Pata - fried pork leg with soy-vinegar dipping sauce, you definitely have to like fried pork rinds for this3) Pancit Canton - typical Filipino noodle dish, came in a pretty large portion for all 5 of us to shareSome good desserts:1) Barako Creme Brulee - Philippine coffee creme brulee, we were all digging into this!2) Churros - small churros with seasonal fruit and Manila hot chocolate that was thick, and bittersweet and oh-so-good! Just dip those churros in ... and mmm mmm good.I wasn't feeling some dishes though:1) Chicken Inasal - moist and flavorful grilled chicken, but it wasn't much more than that. Nothing too Filipino about it except for the dipping sauce2) Chicken Adobo - this is a standby dish for Filipino cuisine and it was not up to par3) Maja Blanca - coconut corn pudding that was almost like a panna cotta, but was dubbed by my dining companions as "sweetened string cheese!" and I have to agreeAll in all, the food was wonderful and the location was great. We'll definitely be back.So, Happy Birthday to Kimberly F! Here's to Kimberly and here's to the lovely Yelpers who helped us decide on a great restaurant.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2013,4/12/2014,751,680,7,17,11>With just us two without the kids, the wife and I decided to have a little date night on a Sunday night.  We passed by this place many times while walking along Laurel St., and decided to give this place a try.We arrived right when it opened and had a choice of seats.  Lots of dark wood throughout the restaurant with jazz music playing in the background.  The menus were already placed at our table, and we proceeded to go through the menu once seated.  Here's what we ordered:-Salmon Trio (yelp.com/biz_photos/seiy): special for the night.  Three preparations and cuts of salmon.  One with ponzu sauce, another with a salmon toro with garlic, and other with crispy buckwheat.  Very fresh fish, and all very tasty.-Asari Butter Sakamushi (yelp.com/biz_photos/seiy): steamed clams in butter sake broth.  On a windy, cool evening, this dish was perfect.  A light broth, with just a taste of butter.  The clams was steamed just right, not rubbery or  chewy.-Buta Kakuni (yelp.com/biz_photos/seiy): Pork belly on top of potato puree.  Fork tender fatty goodness!-Ton Toro (yelp.com/biz_photos/seiy): skewered Berkshire Pork.  After being cooked on skewer, the skewer was removed and the pork was nicely presented on a rectangular dish.  The nicely marbled pork was crispy with each bite.-Fish Tacos (yelp.com/biz_photos/seiy): Albacore, salmon, avocado on fried Nori.  The albabore was seared, and topped with a salmon salsa, which kind or reminded me of lomi salmon.  Very tasty.- Kobe Beef Roll (yelp.com/biz_photos/seiy): avocado and asparagus wrapped with Kobe beef, in ponzu sauce.  The beef was sliced thinly, and nearly dissolved in my mouth.  Ponzu sauce complemented well, without overpowering the beef and the fillings.-Hanabi Roll (yelp.com/biz_photos/seiy): Baked California Roll, topped with salmon and spicy mayo.  Served warm, it was tasty, but kind of heavy for a sushi roll.Yes, everything was on the pricey side, but the ingredients were fresh and well prepared.  Service was friendly and attentive.A nice little date night place with the wife.  Will keep on our list for future date nights.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,4/11/2014,263,206,3,8,6>Yay! A 3rd Tpumps location! The soft opening was on Saturday, Nov. 23 from 4pm-11pm. I was extra excited for this opening since it will hopefully relieve the gigantic line in downtown San Mateo; only time will tell....The new shop is bigger so more people can wait indoors now that Winter is finally upon us and it is too chilly to spend 20 minutes waiting in the cold. I also find it slightly easier to park in downtown Burlingame than San Mateo.As always, my favorite is still black milk tea with honeyed boba. I like to ask for half ice and half sugar since the boba is already sweet enough. I'll be swapping this to the hot version for the next few months though :)
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,4/10/2014,49,161,2,4,3>Oh my god. The truffle burger is AMAZING!! Whatever sauce they put on it is heavenly. I got it in a lettuce wrap (they don't have gluten free buns) and it was still super good. It was almost better because I wasn't deathly full after eating it. I got it medium and it was still pink, they suggest medium rare but I feel like that would still be mooing. The fries are nice and thin and were served very hot. Everything was great, can't wait to go try it again!
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,4/9/2014,659,1527,2,8,4>Tammy and her staff are amazing!  Not only are they nice, but they do a great Shellac mani and pedi.  My boss is very picky when it comes to her nail care and highly recommended this place.  We came together and I was equally impressed. It is close to my house so it is very convenient.  It also has a good color selection for Shellac.  Parking lot is small and it is CASH ONLY.  I wish they would accept credit cards but that is my only nit.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,4/8/2014,62,74,5,9,4>This weekend, I threw a surprise party for my fiance with 50 guests at Agave as a friend of ours recommended it. My high expectations were more than exceeded. The event staff (Susan, etc) was so incredibly accommodating and the food was delicious.Susan put us in their event room and we had an ample buffet of food at all times. We ordered the cheese enchiladas with green sauce and chicken fajitas - all very good. They even helped us with cake prep and serving. While we covered the food cost, it was super nice to not have to pay for alcohol. Our guests had ready access to the bar and were even able to order drinks in our room.Bottom line: I had serious anxiety planning this event, but Agave met every concern and even anticipated my needs. I wish I had another big event to plan with them again!
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,4/7/2014,93,292,3,7,4>Love it here. I LOVE it here. I REALLY LOVE IT HERE!My stylist is in the salon, and I was just so giddy about the entire concept when I first visited here! It's basically a ONE STOP SHOP for all your beauty needs. You can find someone to do your hair, nails, waxing, eyebrows, massages, facials...everything!I like how convenient it is for the clients and it seems like the stylists have an intimate space to initiate business. There are business cards at the entrance (maps, too!) and  nice big, CLEAN restrooms (I just used the women's restroom) for clients to use.If you're looking for a new stylist, massage therapist, or waxing guru, be sure to stop by Sola Salon to find your new guy or gal.If you are looking for stylist to do African-American hair, check out my stylist Jaclyn Winn at Sola Salon!
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,4/6/2014,43,112,1,7,3>This a wonderful library that I frequent when I need to get my study on for big tests.  I love all the seating options available in different rooms and on different floors.  Its like I can take my pick of the litter every time I go in.  I found myself a nice cozy corner that I get all to myself free of any traffic distractions by passing people plenty of light.  I also love how this library makes outlets accessible at every table practically for laptop and other electronic needs.  The book selections are great and the library as a whole is always nice and clean and never looks run down.  I never thought I would look forward to hitting the library when I need to remove myself from distractions at home but here I am, reviewing my trips to this library.  Oh and by the way, there is a parking structure connected almost to the library itself for public Burlingame parking.  If you head toward the back wall you will see metered parking specifically for the library if you look very carefully.  I didn't know but in the same floor of the structure you can get metered parking at 25 cents for 15 minutes for a max of 2 hours, or you can head toward the back wall and get 25 cents per half hour for a max of 9 hours I believe.  Having to walk 30 extra feet for alot more metered freedom is quite worth it.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,4/5/2014,424,202,2,6,4>It's been two(2) years since I last trusted my hair under someone's scissors. When you had the same hairstylist for two(2) years and you visited and trusted their opinion every 2 months stepping into their salon, it's hard to put that trust into another again (like a relationship). However, maintaining long hair really sucks. I like to put on my awesome backpack on without it getting snagged on it or pulled, when I sleep it won't pull and wake me up, and... you get the picture. I figure, it is time to chop it off. Oh mighty Yelp, help me find the right Salon for me!LOCATION:When I drove by this Salon, I thought it was cute that the outside matched the color of the website -which was probably the reason why I didn't miss it. It's located on the edge of Downtown Redwood City. Like any Downtown, parking is scarce. However, for me it was easy (princess parking! beat that! right in front! vrooom!)INTERIOR:Like I expect a professional, classy, modern-day, and filled with young hairstylist, the place was decor was up to date, well-maintained and organized (even the magazine set up was neatly lined up -and boy, was there a lot!).FRONT DESK:Most front desk receptionists I have encountered, they are usually off to their own little world. Can't wait to get back to their Facebook, iPhone or magazine, they normally greet customers and clients with no smile and a slight rush so they can get back to their social networking (the trick is, not to make people feel like you have other things going on). The lady at the front was sweet and attentive. She made me felt like I can spark up a conversation like I known her for years. I held back, since just incase she had a social media going on, I allow her to get back to it.Right on schedule (I arrive 20 minutes early so the wait was on me), Kyra (yes, that is how you spell her name SO enough with the misspells!) greeted me with a smile and showed me where her station was (I guess it was uncommon for her to have a new client come in, so I had to extend my hand for a handshake). Made small talk but kept her focus on my reason for being there. With long hair (all the way down to my flutes), I told her I wanted an asymmetrical hair cut. We talked more about the details in each area (front, how long, back, layered or not, how short, etc). Once both parties got a clear picture of what was wanted, she shampooed me (I meant my hair) at the shampoo station and back at her station, we start the cutting. (It's hairstylist job to not only make you feel comfortable, but their job to make sure the experience is friendly and warm -hence the small talk; this runs through my blood as well, I like to have the people working for me -hairstylist, teller, waiter, etc- enjoyed my company as well. Even they have the right to refuse service, you know?) With a little fines, a little more cutting (I'm not as attached to my hair as people think), she achieve the look I wanted, excellently (is that word? oh well, it is now!).PRICE:I believe for an average person, they would find a place like this expensive. But believe me when I say, it's worth the cut, the dye, the do. I had my hair done at a $15-$25 shop and at a $175-$400; I can assure you, the money is worth it. I can't say for all, it always depends on the person. For me, I honestly think the #15 hair cuts you will always end up going home after a couple of days and you realize they missed something.VERDICT:I shall return.. well, when I'm due for another.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,4/4/2014,201,195,4,7,6>Finally shaved snow in the Bay Area that doesn't try to add sprinkles to every snow dish (if you know snow you know which place I'm referring to in the east bay that adds sprinkles to all their snow plates).Sno Zen is in a residential area so it can be hard to find and there isn't a lot of foot traffic unless you live nearby. They do however have excellent shaved snow that's smooth and melts in your mouth! Do not pass up on the flavored mochi. The mango mochi is made with mango juice, I could eat these things alone.The owners are really friendly and do a great job of explaining the shaved snow experience and how can customize your snow. They have different flavors of snow including green matcha and peanut butter. I recommend this place to anyone who has shaved ice but has never tried shaved snow. You will never go back to shaved ice again!
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2014,4/3/2014,278,685,,7,3>Fancy for a Burmese restaurant what with the white linens and all. Great service I must say. Attentive staff, filling water, changing plates, and friendly. That's always a nice experience. Food was tasty. Tea leaf salad. Seemed like the standard thing to try. It was flavorful and liked the presentation at the table. Nan gy dok. A coconut milk noodle dish with chicken and a hard boiled egg in yellow bean powder. It was ok. Mild in flavor with noodles that were a bit too soft. Lemongrass Pork. This was tasty! The pork was served as slices and super tender. Not tough at all. And the sauce was infused with the lemongrass flavor complemented with basil. Red pepper strips and snap peas added color to the flavorful dish. We asked for medium spicy. Perfect. Indian Burmese rice. Got a side of this spice filled rice. Had raisins, cinnamon, cardamon, and more to give it a kick. Finished off with sticky black rice with mango ice cream. Yummy. A bit untraditional in that the rice wasn't the white short grain sticky kind with sweet condensed milk which I'm more accustomed to in Thai style. So maybe this is the Burmese take on the dessert. We left rolling out being so full.Come early or make a reservation bc the place was full!
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2012,9/7/2012,56,302,7,8,5>This is my new favorite cafe on University, in large part due to the ambiance. It's a very chill place to have lunch, despite the lawyers, VCs and other businessy-types who eat here. Order at the counter, get a number, then find a seat and the staff brings your food/drink to you. Food is fine. I usually get a sandwich with a vegetable side (the asparagus and string beans are good, and served cold). I like the California sandwich (turkey, avocado and cheese - which I usually tell them to hold - on a baguette). The hot stuff comes out hot and the cold stuff comes out cold. Can't really beat that. The one time they messed up an order, they fixed it right away. Portions are decently-sized, with salads the size of a dinner plate, and goodly-apportioned sandwiches on baguettes.Their sweets are excellent. Cookies and mousses have never disappointed. And let's get back to the ambiance - free WiFi, comfortable seats, plugs if you need them, wood-paneling, a banquette...need I say more?Parking is downtown PA. Typically sucky. But hey, you can't have everything, right?
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2012,9/6/2012,44,150,4,6,4>I came here with a friend on Friday night and was blown away. This little place is tucked away in a nondescript shopping center on El Camino, but you walk in to the most wonderful mouth-watering smells, and the first thing you see is two walls lined with "best restaurant" awards. Very reassuring!We sat and were quickly greeted. I was impressed at the server pulling out my chair and handing me my dinner napkin. Chivalry goes a long way with me!We ordered butter chicken and tandoori chicken/lamb and shared both dishes. The server anticipated this and brought separate dinner plates and served each of us a portion of both dishes. We ate and talked, and man...that food was melt-in-your-mouth delicious.I only had a mild heart attack at the price for about a second before I remembered we'd ordered appetizers too. Definitely a little spendy, but SO worth it. I will DEFINITELY be back.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2012,9/5/2012,13,101,6,7,4>It's hard for a lazy man to not like coming here.  I'll be blunt.  I hate washing my car.  I hate washing the inside windows, I hate washing the roof, I hate washing the rims, I hate cleaning the dashboard, and I hate drying it off.Nothing makes me happier than when I can drive in, say two words (full-service), grab a coupon next to the horsey ride, pay 15 dollars, eat some popcorn, drink some lemonade, and in 15 minutes watch someone twirl a towel saying my car is cleaned, vacuumed, wiped down interior and exterior, and they usually don't miss a spot.  Sometimes the person doing the drying is a little less thorough than the one before, but it's not that much of a difference.Now as to why there isn't a fifth star...whenever the sign says 'We are not responsible for lost or missing items' (notice they don't say stolen), they mean it.  One sad day I left an iPod and a watch in the drink tray and the items 'missed' their way into one of the fifty or so employees pockets, and I didn't notice it until a half hour later.  I can't blame the management, when you have so many people working, one or two will be a bad apple, but it did bum me out to lose items of value.  But then again, I hate washing my car, and that's why I still keep coming back here and leaving them my keys while making sure I have all of my valuables in my pocket.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2012,9/4/2012,358,1030,5,5,5>Kabul has been one of my husband's favorite restaurants around, and he insisted on taking me there. Glad I agreed to join. FOOD: For appetizers, my husband ordered a salad and a plate of lamb dumplings (mantoo), and I had a lentil soup (mashawa). For main dishes, we had two stewy dishes, chicken and beef. I had bites of everything and was impressed with the uniquely mild and comforting flavors. The bread was also delicious - I almost asked the waiter to pack it up for me to bring home. Next time I'd love to try their kebab.SERVICE and AMBIANCE: Both cozy and pleasant. Seemed like there were many regulars who ate here frequently, based on their interactions with the staff.  When our waiter learned that this was my first time dining at the restaurant, he spent extra time to explain the dishes and make recommendations. SUM: A nice change from our everyday cuisines.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2012,9/3/2012,228,336,3,6,7>These people were so easy to work with! For our office manager's 60th birthday we decided that it would be hilarious to fill her office with balloons.  One quick google search later I happened upon Peninsula Party Rentals.  They offer a package, 200 latex balloons, enough helium to fill those balloons, curling ribbon and the little nozzle attachment you need to make the tank work for $125.  Perfection!  The delivery did arrive a little bit early, which almost caused us to get caught red handed, but fortunately disaster was averted.  The delivery guy was super nice, got everything all hooked up and ready to go, gave us a quick lesson on how to use the tank properly and then was on his way.  Pick up was just as easy, everything went exactly as they said it would.  I'll definitely use Peninsula Party Rentals again.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,9/2/2012,205,149,3,5,4>I have been on a mission to find Fish and Chips cooked as if I was in the UK.  I think I found my favorite Fish N Chips spot in Mt. View at St. Stephens Green.The pub has a authentic feel.  Michael, the Irish, bartender/manager, was awesome to say the least.  He recommended the Chicken curry, when I asked what they were known for, and the fish and chips.  I went with the fish n chips extra crispy.  We ordered the onion rings for our appetizer and it was really good.  Something about the batter...  Finally, the fish n chips arrived, they were two large pieces of cod, the first bite was absolute ecstasy!  The fish was moist, the batter on the fish was the best tasting I have ever had, and biggest think for me was that fact the fish and batter fried so well together that they stayed together after every bite.  They did not separate.  Come on, this is everything I could have ever wanted in fish n chips.  The one thing I loved that had there was the HP sauce which is from the UK.  Really good sauce to dip your chips and other foods.  The malt vinegar was normal.  If you are a fish n chips fan, you need to try it at St. Stephens Green.  I can not wait to try their signature dish, which is the chicken curry with half rice and half fries.  The Irish pub had  least 6 large TVs, large area for seating and it seems like it will be a fun place to hang out during happy hour which I surely will be back for.Thank you Michael and St Stephen's Green!
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2012,9/1/2012,275,494,6,6,7>I was starving on a Saturday morning (about 10:15 ish) and I decided to grab a FAST breakfast at Pearl Cafe. Afterall, I had never been there, so I thought, lets give it a try!I ordered the combo musubi (a ball of rice topped with grilled spam and chicken katsu wrapped in dried seaweed sheet). It was like $3.50 I think for the musubi. It came out warm and there was a dipping sauce but I didn't eat the sauce because I munched it in the car as I was driving..I was hungry..starving and couldn't wait any longer.The verdict....GOOD!!! Not sure if it was because I was super hungry or what..but I thought the musubi was FRESH... they did fire up the grill and made to order my musubi and it came out WARM. The chicken katsu was crunchy and not too dry in the inside, the spam was a great addition to add some saltiness and that delicious porky-flavor.. yummm!!!I cannot wait to try more of their food.. They actually have quite a large menu with some "Hawaian BBQ" plates as well as the Taiwanese snacks like FRIED crispy chicken (similar to Tapioca Express) and pearl drinks. They also have sandwiches, cookies, and coffee.I will return for sure :)
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2012,8/31/2012,47,721,2,5,5>Love when a place has options! Came with a friend and she wanted normal pita and I wanted wheat. Both were soft and warm and delicious with our food.I ordered the beef kebabs with a side of couscous and the best sweet potatoe fries I've had hands down ($12). Light, crispy and still tender. Yum. The portions look mediocre but rest assured you will not leave with an empty stomach.Friendly service, delicious food and a great atmosphere means lines! So be prepared or go early.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2012,8/30/2012,488,309,,13,9>I came here for a birthday dinner with a friend and had a great time.  It can certainly be a bit pricey - I'd put it more in the $$$ range - but the food is very good at the atmosphere is among the best in DTPA.  We had the mussels, duck, and had the strawberry crème brûlée for dessert.  The mussels were perfect!  The duck was very good, but not as crispy on the outside as i'd have liked, and the demi-glaze was a bit too sweet.  It's also not a lot of food, so I'd recommend a salad or other appetizer.  We shared the strawberry crème brûlée, which was really a nice treat.  I'm a bit of a crème brûlée snob, but this was a nice twist - strawberry puree on the bottom and burnt caramel on the top.  Too sweet for my taste, though - I prefer a rich vanilla bean crème brûlée - but this was definitely a fun twist.The service was impeccable.  The restaurant was very empty when we arrived at 9:30 on a Friday, which was both nice but also felt a bit too quiet.  The waiter was friendly and attentive (though hard to say if this would remain the case if busy).If you pay with credit, they'll bring an iPad to the table with Square to accept payment.  It's a bit nice, but I didn't like the way it forced me into a 15, 20, or 25% tip. Mostly it's my own neuroticism, but I like the use the tip to round the total :) With the system, you had to select one of the three pre-sets.  Service was great, so not an issue, but if you wanted to undertip, not an option.Overall, a great find in downtown Palo Alto - I'll definitely be back!Greg
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2012,8/29/2012,613,401,4,9,5>Another great find from Yelp! I've driven by this place a million times but from the look of outside I would never have thought they have great foods at their deli section as it looks like just a middle eastern grocery store and I wouldn't usually shop at a middle eastern grocery store. Four stars for their lamb shawerwa only. I was craving a quick dinner last night before heading out to a wine tasting event in Palo Also, so Aladdin's lamb wrap sounded just about right as it is close by where I work. I learned that if you are going west on Hillsdale Blvd towards the mall, then you should make a left to Saratoga Dr. and go around the Pike Lane on the right to get to the front of the store, as you cannot make a left turn from E. Hillsdale Blvd to the store front. Once I made it inside the store around 5:30 pm, I saw many baked goodies (all sorts of middle eastern pies and cakes, baklava, etc) inside the counter at the deli section. I was hoping to get their fresh-off-the-oven pita bread but the basket was empty! I placed my order and the young guy started grilling my meat and heating up the pie I ordered. I looked around and the store is huge and have produces, groceries, etc; nothing fancy but it is clean and the guys working there were friendly.Lamb wrap - $7.99. This is huge and the "pull lamb" (as opposed to pull pork) was so tender and tasted so good! I don't know how they do it but I swear the pull lamb tasted like beef, so if you are afraid of lamb but like beef, you might wanna give this a try and who knows you may change your mind about lamb! I love the slightly tangy and spicy sauce (spiciness optional) and the hummus, which makes the lamb very juicy, and the tomatoes, chopped onions and pickles all work very well in the wrap with the meat. I could only eat half of it and saved the other half for next meal. If you like Waterfront Pizza's shawerma dishes you might wanna give Aladin a try as it is a couple dollars cheaper here but the food is as good!Spinach and feta pie - $1.5. This was just so-so. Maybe it would have tasted better if it was fresh out of the oven? By the time I bought it and he re-heated it the bread was real hard and had not much flavor to it. The inside filling was dry and the spinach was very acidic (with vinegar?), which was not what I had expected, having tasted the soft, cheesy, delicious cheese pie from Waterfront Pizza. I chatted with the young guy at the cashier's counter and he said they are from a variety of middle eastern countries, Lebanon, Palestin, etc. and they take at least two days to make hummus (including soaking, cooking the beans, grinding and seasoning) and that was why it is so creamy. I love hummus and will definitely have to go back and get their hummus.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2011,11/27/2011,128,123,11,13,10>Ah, the good old days of browsing the isles trying to decide what video to watch with your significant other on a Saturday night, or your lonely single self trying to avoid drinking that whole bottle of wine in the cabinet, or just looking to pick out an old classic you haven't seen in forever, but you still have warm memories about. I've been in all those video rental stages, and I'm glad I don't have to part with them just because that new fangled Netflix has come out (though I have that and love the streaming!) There just is nothing that beats the local video store. Netflix will not give you:A. That quirky, aging, hippy owner who constantly looks as if he's going to a Grateful Dead concertB. That secret section in the back with the sign that says "Over 18 Only"C. That awesome selection of old classics you never knew you always wanted to watch right at your fingertips: Hitchcock, and all the James Stewart movies just to name a few.D. The fun experience of pointing out all the ridiculous movies you'd never dare rent, and joking that this is the one you want with your significant other (like in Clerks, "Ohhh, Navy Seals!") So, Captain Video, I hope you stick around through these hard times because the rental experience just wouldn't be the same without you.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2011,11/26/2011,263,294,4,6,5>I'm seriously SHOCKED that i haven't reviewed this place yet...this place is a MUST GO when friends/family visit because it is just THAT GOOD.Try this family style:1. Lomo Saltado2. Paella (Oh my freak, so good)3. Pescado ensalsa de Mariscos (creamy orange sauce and the fish is still so perfectly cooked)4. Ceviche Mixto (the fish is so fresh and have you seen corn kernels like that before??)If you love bread as much as I do, come for lunch when the bread is still warm and right out of the oven. Oh myyy..I am drooling while writing this review. YEE!! lovvveeeee..
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2011,11/25/2011,2240,364,6,12,10>I really enjoyed our hike here because it really feels as if you are out in the wilderness.   The trails are not as - let's say obvious as other parks may be so you feel as you are actually somewhat "in the brush."  It can be a bit confusing at times but you really shouldn't get lost.  The trails are clearly marked and bring the map that they give you at the visitor center.  It's not as crowded as other parks like Big Basin so you it's quite peaceful and quiet.   There are plenty of opportunities to sit and enjoy nature.  We found a nice creek bed along the Iverson Trail to sit and enjoy lunch.  The redwoods are absolutely magnificent.  Plenty of shade cover so you won't get too hot.  The entrance fee is $10.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2011,11/24/2011,1187,969,7,7,7>Great little store!Been here a few times now to pick up some bits for dinner and they're pretty well stocked with Japanese food items. I especially like their refrigerated sauces as they're so quick and easy to prepare. And their Mochi selection (yelp.com/biz_photos/tqPv).. My goodness! So many to choose from.They have fresh, packet and frozen food items as well as many sweets (yelp.com/biz_photos/tqPv) so there is a lot to choose from and even stock some other non food items like Hello Kitty Table covers, gift bags & Stickers (yelp.com/biz_photos/tqPv & yelp.com/biz_photos/tqPv).One thing I am quite disappointed I haven't been able to get here though is KatKat, Japan has the most amazing flavours. Like Grape, Strawberry, Banana & Kiwi. *sigh* Maybe if I keep checking back I will find some.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2011,11/22/2011,562,1006,7,7,6>I've had the pleasure of seeing a few Stanford football games here over the last couple of years.   I'm a holder of the Stanford student "spouse" package: if you are married to or living with a Stanford student (including grad students), you can pay $35 to get admittance to the student section at all home football games ($50 gets you into all Stanford athletics).   Considering there are 7 home football games and tickets are well over $20 for most of them, its a pretty good deal.  There are a lot of things to love about this stadium: it's clean, it has affordable food (lots of burgers & sandwiches in the $5-$6 range), they let you bring in lots of stuff including sealed water bottles and food, seats are pretty comfortable, the Red Zone (student section) is super energetic and fun but because its an outdoor stadium its not painfully loud like Maples, & its small for a college stadium so there are really no bad seats.   One thing I don't love about this stadium is the parking: it's $15 and it seems like a nightmare getting out of there after games.   We only live a couple miles away, so we normally bike.  Oh, and one more thing I don't love: that its not completely sold out every single game.   I grew up in the midwest and college football is a Really Big Deal there, so its weird to me that people in the bay area just aren't that into it...but if you've ever wanted to come to a game, now's your chance!  Stanford football is on fire!!!!!   Go Card! :)
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,11/21/2011,109,682,6,7,7>BEST DUTCH CRUNCH BREAD, EVER!!!The s/o and I both agree that after our quest in finding a sandwich shop with the best DC bread, it's Little Lucca's FTW!  But, there's nothing "little" about Lucca.We decided to try out LL on Saturday for lunch, not thinking it'd be busy, we were wrong, the place was packed!  It was cool though, it gave us a chance to stand in line and look at the menu.  I decided to order their Chicken Salad sandwich and the s/o got the LL combo.  While our guy was making my sandwich, I almost wanted to stop him because the DC roll he was prepping was way too big, but I realized uh, there is no small or large sandwich!  When all was said and done, my sandwich easily weighed 2lbs.We luckily found an empty table to sit and and when we both unwrapped our sandwiches, I already felt full...that was a huge sandwich!  If you're a sandwich size queen/king, LL's has Subway, Quiznos, Togo's and just about every other sandwich place BEAT, not to mention, it was WAY delicious!  Since I got Chicken Salad, I thought it was cool that our guy hollowed out one side of my roll for the scoops of CS but even then so, it was still messy but still tasted good.  The DC bread for once actually had a "crunch" to it.  It was mildly sweet and so delicious!!  And best of all, the bread leave the roof of my mouth sore!  haha!  The Garlic Sauce was a little too strong for my taste but offered such a robust flavor.  I opted out of the Hot Pepper Sauce but I might be adventurous in the future!The next time around, the s/o and I agreed that we'd just order one sandwich and split it.  Mind you, this is coming from two people with hearty appetites! :D
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2011,11/20/2011,115,371,6,10,8>The pool alone deserves 5 stars. I can go there on the crappiest days and when I enter the pool area the sun comes out and I have an amazing swim. I don't belong here because I have a membership at 24 Hour Fitness but I do like to treat myself to this place once in a while. This place is clean and nice. They have the machines that emulate ice skating and I love those. I may end up joining at some point, but when a beautiful day comes along, you can definitely find me in the pool at this awesome gym.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2011,11/19/2011,148,223,5,5,6>Definitely quantity not quality....Make a reservation here! We made a reservation and cut like everyone in line because we had an reservation, but we had to have all members present to be seated...the place to small so you're going to have to wait =/My friends told me they have gigantic rolls here and dang were they not kidding...they are big....
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2011,11/18/2011,275,494,2,5,3>I haven't been to Rangoon for a couple of years since Downtown PA is no longer my scene but a couple of girlfriends picked the Rangoon for our girls night out spot.We shared:- Curry lamb with Dahl - it was the star of the night :). Delicious, strong indian curry flavor but not overwhelming that I could savor the tender lamb taste. It had a little bit of heat, but definitely in the mild side which was perfect because the others didn't like spicy food.- Pumpkin Chicken - it was sweet and savory, certainly a great fall dish. They were generous with the amount of chicken...no complaint!- Black Pepper Soup - very simple, non-pretentious and homey, reminded me of the soup that my Mom cooked back home. There were small pieces of shrimp, some wood ear mushrooms and bean curd skins. The broth had some fish sauce and it was a bit on the salty side. The broth lacked richness of meat/bones concoction though. I can certainly do a better job at home.- Paratha - it's an Indian influenced crisp pancake (similar to roti chanai)..the one at Rangoon is the sweet kind, served with sugar. I often buy the "frozen kind" from the Chinese market and the paratha at Rangoon tastes exactly the same.... guessing it was not made in house.We also ordered the coconut rice.......Certainly much sweeter and mushier than the coconut rice that I'm used to (I'm from South East Asia where we eat coconut rice)..but my girlfriends really enjoy it.The portion was small, so if you have bigger stomach.. you probably have to spend more $$$.Our total was about $44 including tax..not bad to split 3 ways..but certainly not dirt cheap..but again it's downtown PA.I look forward to trying more of their food.. especially more of their curry dishes :).ps: they have great lunch menu with great prices!
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2011,11/17/2011,186,252,6,10,9>Been here enough times I guess it's time to give it a review....LOVE IT! Especially the mile markers at every 1/2 mile - helps me to keep my pace while I'm running. Slight inclines and turns here and there keeps the run from being boring. Don't worry if you're not a hardcore runner - joggers, walkers, strollers, rollerbladers, and bikers all use this trail and share the path nicely. If you start on the other end, you will be going downhill for about the first two miles so it's easy, but remember - you gotta go back up! Start on the South end (Crystal Springs and Skyline Blvd) and you can run/walk/bike with a breathtaking view of the lake next to you. Definitely better views on the South end. I love seeing the lake on my run back - it makes me feel accomplished!Beware of the swarms of bugs on those warm days. But at least you don't have to watch out for dog poop - no dogs allowed on this trail. And you're almost guaranteed to see deer along the path. Bring water if you are planning a long run. There aren't any water fountains after 3/4 mile in (from the south end). Also, come before 8:30 on the weekends - parking can be tough if you come later.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,9/17/2012,137,208,4,5,4>bottom line: affordable, tasty, friendlyas promised, i returned to dine in and was pleasantly surprised.  the food tasted "right" and seeing my dish on an actual plate, i realized just how large the portions are.  this really underscores how great of a value this place is.  on top of that, they offered us free mango sticky rice dessert, and fried corn cake appetizer.  i'm not sure if all this being on the house is related to the grand opening or the olympics, but it was certainly welcomed and appreciated.  the only downside is that some of the dishes can be a little greasier than other thai restaurants, but certainly not enough to mitigate the value and taste.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2012,9/16/2012,31,134,4,6,3>Hubby and I don't go out for Thai very often, mostly because there aren't any really great Thai places near us.  That will all be changing now that we've stumbled upon Bangkok Patio!  Deerishius!What we had:Tom Gha Soup - Tasty, but not a must do.Pad Thai - Fantastic.  Lots of sauciness, good balance of ingredients, would definitely order again.Red Curry - Also fantastic.  Julienned vegetables with thinly sliced chicken which allows for maximum surface area for the curry.  I hate when restaurants use big chunks of chicken because the high ratio of chicken meat to sauce in each bite just makes it taste bland.  Why not just put more sauce on?  Because then I have a big soupy mess of rice which does not amount to good texture.  And I am big on texture.It's unfortunate this place is not in a better location with more foot traffic because it's really good - I just hope they get enough business to keep them going for a long time.  There are alot more menu items I still need to try!
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,9/15/2012,128,133,9,7,8>Dearest Town and Country,We've been through a lot, you and I...I remember meeting you.  I was just a wee youngin', who agreed to accompany Ma on her errands, in hopes of a smoothie from Juice Club.  Yeah, I said it.  JUICE CLUB.Don't talk to me about no Jamba.Years passed.  My 'tude took on a life of its own.  Flannel was cool, until it wasn't.  My hair color changed from brown to purple streaked to blonde during those high school years when I'd cut class and trot around with the Paly kids.  You gave us shelter from the rain.  You gave us hiding places to sneak ciggies.  You gave us plenty of options to get drinks and snacks.  You were Shel's giving tree.And maybe like Shel's tree, you gave too much.For a while after, you were nothing more than a stump.  Vacant storefronts.  TONS of parking, although, I didn't really have much use for it.  You tried to hold on.  I mean, I'm sure Hobee's was your lifeline then.  But really, that was your dark period.  Your brown wood was just an empty shell.  I actually pitied you back then.I stayed away.  I thought we were over.  I cherished the memories.What happened next was nothing short of a Christmas miracle.  Stores starting opening.  GOOD stores that I actually use.  La Belle renovated.  TRADER JOES and CVS moved in.  I'm not really a Kara's fan, but plenty of others are.  And hey, I'll take Kara's any day over Sprunkles.  Calafia, Mayfield, need I continue???  I actually go out of my way to stop by you now.And then I fight for my parking spot and do all my errands at once!  Sometimes I do my errands, grab a bite AND get a massage!  Town and Country, we have been through a lot, but your comeback blows Britney Spears' out of the Louisiana swamp water.  You've really outdone yourself this time.  Just please, promise not to leave me again.Yours always,Vanessa R.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2012,9/14/2012,676,1464,5,4,5>I wandered back in to attempt the sandwich again... after verifying it was a diff guy working the sandwich area.... Cuban sandwich. was FREAKING amazing (especially on clean bread!)I'm not slowly working my way through their list of sandwiches... I attempted the NY Pastrami on Rye and that was as good.They provide free parking on the side which is a nice plus when I'm on a time crunch and need to grab a quick and yummy sandwich.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2012,9/13/2012,128,123,3,5,8>My honeymoon has been delayed two years because my husband and I couldn't get time off at the same time, and as sad as that may sound, don't feel sorry for me, because it's been worth the wait. We finally booked our honeymoon a few days ago and we will be going to Thailand and Hong Kong for two weeks over Christmas and New Years!!! I'm so excited. So, to celebrate finally booking our honeymoon, we tried a Thai place we'd never been to.The food, ambience, presentation, and service here is fantastic! It is most definitely my new favorite Thai restaurant. We ordered the tofu salad, which came with a ton of crispy tofu over a bed of lettuce and shredded beats. The dressing absolutely made this salad. It came in a porcelain serving boat that appeared to be an appetizer itself since it was so filled with veggies! it was a tart and spicy dressing with green onions, cucumbers, and basil. It was delicious. I seriously may request to buy that dressing from them in bulk to take home (a good thing to do at restaurants if you've never tried it before). Additionally, as an appetizer we shared veggie spring rolls that were perfectly crispy and filled with yummy veggies, the presentation was gorgeous; they came in a martini glass in a bed of lettuce, with an elegant, tropical, purple flower. It was so pretty, I almost didn't want to eat it! Our entrees were crab fried rice, which was very tasty and filled with large clumps of crab meat, and spicy basil tofu, which was very flavorful and served with a side of brown rice. The ambiance is modern and bright, the presentation of the food makes you feel like you're on vacation (which made me more excited about my honeymoon). I can't wait to return!
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2012,9/12/2012,99,328,5,4,5>Finally, cupcakes in Menlo Park!  This place is retro-themed, so they have a variety of "old-fashioned" desserts.  Their cupcakes are fairly standard flavors (we are very excited to try mint chocolate) rather than being modern/gourmet flavors like basil-strawberry.They were very friendly (though they need to work on the organization a little still) and had samples of one of their cakes.  We ended up with a trio of mini-cupcakes (red velvet and chocolate - both very yummy) and a whoopie pie.  We haven't eaten the whoopie pie yet, which is a testament to our amazing self-control.The grand opening will be March 24th (1-4 PM) with free samples and music.  I'm sure I'll be stopping by to try more of their treats.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,9/11/2012,447,342,6,7,8>YUMMMMY!We ordered the Stinky Tofu and I have to say that it was pretty good.  The sauce was delicious also.  You can smell the stinkyness of the tofu. Super yum.Hot and Sour soup - Lots of flavor and not salty at all.  Love.Shrimp Chow Main - Very flavorful.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,9/10/2012,127,1093,4,13,5>Another macaron place on University!  LOVE it.Not only do they have traditional macarons for $1.75 each, in a month, they will have macarons glacés (with ice cream in the center, which I haven't found anywhere else in the bay area).  Unlike many other local places, they do NOT charge extra for the long macaron boxes. The macaron cookie halves are made in the traditional way, perfectly lines on silpat sheets, just the right texture and density, no cracks in the shell, and each one is perfectly sized.Of the traditional flavors, I liked salted caramel, almond amaretto (essentially like marzipan!), espresso, chocolate yuzu, and green tea.  For seasonal flavors, I liked the hazelnut gianduja (kind of like nutella), and earl grey tea.As I sat in front of Laduree in Paris watching them carry out giant macaron "cakes," I had wondered where I could get one like that in the bay area, and now Chantal Guillon is my answer.  The space is immaculate, all white, with nothing but beautifully made macarons.  I also had the honor of being served by Chantal, herself.  You have to love a place solely dedicated to perfecting the macaron!
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2012,9/9/2012,474,505,4,5,6>We came here after a jog at Seal Point. Ori C wanted to introduce us to a new tea place in San Mateo..There was a long wait and it seemed like the place is still new. The drinks were not bad.Only complaint is that they need to get better cups as a 1/4 of my drink spilled before they noticed and put it in a new cup.We came back the next night to get my neighbor a peach tea with the lychee popping bobba!
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,9/8/2012,153,120,3,9,4>Came here as the last stop from barhopping on a Thursday, so it wasn't all that crowded at all.  The inside is very spacious and even has one of those bull rides!The staff were very nice and gave me a free hat for my birthday (to go along with the bull ride my friends bought for me).  The ride really was probably the main attraction for me and my friends.  It only costs $3 to ride and you get to spin the wheel after to get a random drink for only $1 (actually a lot cheaper than just buying drinks).  We stayed pretty much until they closed, but it was a lot of fun and I'd definitely come back here when I get a chance.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,5/2/2014,390,76,13,17,14>"FOURTH" TIME'S A CHARM!  You couldn't imagine the painstaking effort made to finally sit and dine here at Ramen Dojo; not just any ramen place...it's the BEST IN THE WEST (or at least in Northern California)!  The only real "competition" this place may have is no threat because it's located across the country, in New York City.  It's Momofuku.Our Recent Tries:Attempt #1 ~ Closed on TuesdaysAttempt #2 ~ BF was in a biking accident just hours before our dateAttempt #3 ~ They ran out of all 3 flavors!Attempt #4 ~ Hallelujah!  We finally made it!Dojo, in literal terms means, "place of the way."  You can make the assumption that this ramen place can certainly "lead the way", as well as teach the proper way toward perfection of the ramen cuisine.  The seating capacity is quite small, but the turnaround is rather quick.  They are extremely efficient with time and are very well versed in utilizing every minute at hand.  They've got their system down!Be prepared!  The restaurant opens at 5:30pm for dinner.  Patrons line up before 5:10pm for the first seating.  Once the first seating guests have entered, then begins the good 'ol wait list.  The good news...?  Once you're on the list, you're handed a menu, then a few minutes later, you're asked for your order while standing in line.  Once they call your name to be seated, your awaiting meal has already begun manifesting its completion in the kitchen.  You're served promptly and voilà...you're out of there!  It took us 25 minutes flat from sitting to standing!  It's a good thing because we had to rush off to catch a movie!Okay, now for the important stuff...the ramen FLAVOR!  My favorite is the Garlic Pork broth, mild spicy.  By default, the ramen is topped with 2 slices of pork, a quail egg, Chicken Gravy, roasted garlic, green onions, fungi, chili threads, and garnished with lettuce leaves.  If speaking in Italian terms, the ramen is cooked al dente, which this for me, is mind-blowingly perfect!  I'm a textural kind of gal and can appreciate the varying textures food can offer in just one plate or bowl.Now that we've discovered our favorite ramen spot, we'll definitely be back for more!
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2013,5/1/2014,206,213,4,6,5>The weather changes as much as people change.  And I have changed and also changed my mind about Kokko.   I love this place now.  What's not to like...alcohol, great skewers, great appetizers and they now serve baby octopus too.  Not to mention, its a great place to eat your not so ordinary things such as animal organs like chicken heart, liver, gizzards.  I am always down to pretend that I'm Andrew Zimmerman.I don't know why I gave them 3 stars two years ago but two years later, this place is one of my go tos for good food, good conversation and good company! Kampai!
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2014,4/30/2014,149,151,,10,5>Since moving from Seattle, I had a hard time finding a Thai restaurant that not only tastes good, but also that doesn't cost me an arm and a leg.  Bangkok Bistro is it!  Upside:- Quick and friendly service- Clean & modern setting- Great tasting food!- Reasonable prices- Fast turnaround for take out (5-10 minutes)Things to order:- Pad See Eww - Thai Fried Rice- Singapore Friend Noodles - Very different from the traditional noodles since they use thick rice noodles in place of the usual thin rice noodle
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,4/29/2014,89,414,4,8,8>Been a member for well, since forever I guess.  Have been to the new San Carlos location several times now.  After the kinks were worked out (granted, there are still a few, sometimes, no biggie) - I LOVE THIS PLACE.  It's huge!I think the best part now, is that they are open every Friday - just less fun and games on Beer Friday but, those other Fridays have a lesser crowd and we can come bring the kids with no worries.By the way, I love their beer too.  Their Rye IPA is one of my all time favorite IPAs (ever), Scotch Ale is my 2nd favorite, and their Deadicated Amber is a really nice session beer.I'll post some more final thoughts before we move to Boston (going to miss this place A LOT - hell, I met my wife here!).
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,4/28/2014,1324,243,20,31,24>Sundance is hands down one of my favorite steakhouses in the Bay Area. The steaks here are large in size and mouth watering good. It's a very nice steakhouse to enjoy a quality steak in an old-fashioned, charming, and inviting environment.The service is always stellar.  Although you may have to wait God knows how long if you walk in, so a reservation is a must! The staff are always friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. I haven't ordered anything here that I did not like. The food is phenomenal. The BF and I came here several times and we were not disappointed. I highly recommend the 23 oz. bone in ribeye. My ribeye came out succulent and mouth watering. It had the perfect blend of seasonings and was seared to perfection. My BF ordered the standard 10oz prime rib cut. Overall, he thought it was an amazing piece of meat. Other dishes we tried were the clam chowder and the strawberry arugula salad which was very refreshing and complimented well with our steaks. Lastly, you can not forget leaving here without having one of their sumptuous desserts. Our waiter recommended to get their famous Sundance Mud Pie. The Mud Pie was the bomb! There are no words to describe the overwhelming feeling of love and satisfaction I feel for this dessert!All in all, a great steakhouse to have your steak fix satisfied without breaking the bank. Cheers!
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,4/27/2014,452,471,5,10,6>It's honestly hard to think of anything bad about Vesta... the food is unbelievable.  I've been twice now and there was far too much time in between these visits! This last time, we ordered poached pears with goat cheese as an appetizer.  If was a daily special and I told my server that they should put it on the regular menu! AMAZING! Also, it was a great serving for 2 people.  We ordered a prosciutto pizza and it was awesome.  I am not a huuuuuge fan of well cooked crusts but this one was all around so good I just had to eat it. My boyfriend loved it even more than I did.  I want to go back with more people so that I can try more things! The y have a good selection of beer and wine also, I had a refreshing iced tea but my boyfriend enjoyed some of the cool beers that they have available. I love the ambiance here- it's cool but not "trendy", and laid back without seeming lazy.  I will CERTAINLY be back to Vest soon! Also, It's nice that the owner is very hands on, often greeting guests at the Host stand. The prices are meh, I'd like if they were less but the food is so good that you will leave forgetting that you paid at all.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,4/26/2014,60,98,2,11,5>This place looked a little seedy from the outside, but inside they were very spacious and clean, and had a well-organized front desk.   They even had their CAMTC massage certificates posted on the wall for all the therapists showing that they were all properly certified.I came here as a walk-in, disappointed from a non-existent appointment reservation at Aroma Massage just up the street, which costed even $10 more than this place.  Here it's $60 for a 1-hour session, $40 for 30-min.   They do add on $2 for a credit card surcharge, which I learned was legal from calling VISA a few weeks ago when visiting another massage place.They had a few therapists available and were eager to take me in.  I had a very nice and spacious room (photos posted), and my therapist Amanda was very polite and made me feel very welcome and comfortable the entire time I was there.  Great customer service!The massage was great, she checked in several times to make sure I was OK, and that her pressure was OK for me, and she was very thorough which was very helpful for me as a runner, spending a lot of time on my legs, unlike other places.Overall, very polite staff and great service, so that made me a happy customer today.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,4/25/2014,218,196,11,13,11>Stupidity tax is probably proportional to the amount of carelessness and  absent-mindedness involved with the deed. One could say its human nature to reflect on such an instance with a negative framework, but recent research on cultural variations in human psychology would suggest it's my western mindset slanting toward this tendency. (psmag.com/magazines/maga )Philosophizing aside, I managed to lock myself out of my place. (Since this has never happened before, a catastrophic differential diagnosis is currently being formed.) After calling four local locksmiths, Allen at Kwik Key Lock was friendly and offered a reasonable rate of $82. Making an appointment was equally easy. The technician arrived exactly on time. He never told me his name and was initially not super friendly, but managed to slightly warm up to my hokey sense of humor during the 40 minute visit. He couldn't pick my lock which is probably a good sign that potential thieves couldn't either. I'll give him the benefit of the doubt until I befriend/fall in love with someone adept at breaking and entering who shows me how easy it is to pick locks. My lock had to be drilled which resulted in a fee of $156 (including tax) for a new key, drilling and replacement of the lock. I recommend not locking yourself out of your house, but, if you do, Kwik Key Lock is the business I recommend for a reliable and relatively pain free fix for your blunder.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,4/24/2014,17,160,1,15,4>They're open for business. It's an absolutely beautiful building and interior--the kind of place you want to spend time in. The bakers are from Japan--lots of really good Japanese style french breads here.As an aside, I just have to say, anyone who understands how real bakeries work (and I don't mean the chain kind that come out of a shipping container) knows that it takes time to get everything dialed in, to figure out the local water, to figure out the ambient humidity, and so on, before opening. So yes, they've been there for a while working these things out, and yes, it wasn't open for business during that start up time. That's how quality works.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,4/23/2014,61,91,4,9,7>These people are bombdotcom.  They always treat you with the utmost respect, are very efficient, and extremely fast.  The last time I was here I saw the head guy get presents from some really happy customers. You DEFINITELY don't see that at my dealership.I've come here for multiple oil changes and my boyfriend has come for car repair and customer service here is top notch. If you need to leave your car here for repairs, they make it a point to move your car inside so it's not parked outside overnight. What more can I say? I will never go anywhere else again.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2010,1/18/2011,836,728,13,13,12>The only two things you need to order from this restaurant are the lamb chops and galaktoboureko (try to say that 10x fast!)!!L A M B  C H O P S ($31) - Arnisia Paidakia - rib-cut, mesquite-grilled lamb chops with olive oil roasted potatoesD E S S E R T ($8.25)- Galaktoboureko - traditional phyllo wrapped vanilla bean semolina custard with pistachio ice cream*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~­*~*~*Hey, it's Lamb Chop's Eat Along,where kids come to play along and eat things are all we ever do!Come join the kids and eat along, we've got a lot of yummy stuff for you!Bounce your bottom in Evvia's chair, order lamb chops made with tender loving care!Chomp it fast, Chomp it slow, Chomp it high, Chomp it low!Chomp it as you eat along!Make sure you save room for some Galaktoboureko,that yummy pistachio ice cream and phyllo... WHOA!*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~­*~*~*lamb chops. galaktoboureko. lamb chops. galaktoboureko. lamb chops.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2010,1/17/2011,182,169,7,9,8>Upgrade 4 to 5 stars because last night we walked up to the door at 8:01pm, right after they closed, and started knocking on the door and tapping on the window (3 crazy ladies who just finished eating Thai food and sipping on Irony) and they actually opened the door to us. I was surprised because if it were me and I was already locked the door and put the closed sign up - I know you know that feeling when you are almost off the hook, just gotta pick up a few more things and your free to go home - I probably would have just ignored the 3 crazy ladies at the door. We did feel bad bothering them but as we ate our cupcakes it felt so worth it =DI tried a new flavor last night only because they were out of Pink Velvet but I'm sure happy they were because I got the chocolate cupcake with Dulce de Leche frosting and it was amazing.  The cupcake was moist and the frosting was delicious.  The only problem was that I wished I had gotten a few more - two more for me and one for the boyfriend to try ;)Anyways - to the staff that was working last night thank you for opening your doors to us!  You made our night!
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2010,1/16/2011,90,588,12,10,11>Do you like "art"? do you like nifty snarky movie descriptions on the marquee? Are you happy when your movie starts only 10 minutes after the scheduled time instead of the multiplex standard15? Are you pleased by a streamlined entry process where one person sells you a ticket and then you just walk in?Then maybe you should consume your not-so-mass media at Aquarius
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2011,1/15/2011,809,645,8,9,9>I spent my last night as a single woman at this hotel with my group of girls and it was delightful.  The room was large and not too expensive considering it was a waterfront suite.  It had a kitchen we used in the morning to make Mimosa's while the hair stylist was doing my hair.  I didn't want to get up though and could have stayed forever in that comfy bed.  The sliding door was left open all night and morning so we could hear the waves crashing on the shore.  The smell of the ocean air covered everything.  *sigh*There's a running path just outside the hotel that goes down the coast and along the beaches.  It's an easy run and quite lovely.  Free WiFi, hot tubs and a great location round out this special place.  Bonus: It's right next to Sam's Chowder House.If only I lived further away and could justify staying here more often.  Perhaps I'll enjoy the Happy Hour at Sam's a little too much one night and have to stay here in order to avoid jail.  Sounds like a win-win situation to me.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2010,1/14/2011,474,505,7,23,10>Going through what I went through in the last year or so, I just needed a change. I've been wanting to do the Brazilian Blowout for awhile and I've researched several salons in SF, SJ, all over the Peninsula, all the while La Diva was just a stone's throw from my office. When I saw that La Diva offered a Super Model Makeover and the Brazilian Blowout, I knew I found the salon to help me get out of this rut I've had with my hair.Walking in with a frizzled mess, all the ladies stopped to say hello and welcomed me before Brittini sat me down and looked through my overly processed hair. She asked me what I wanted and I basically trusted her and said she had free range. I had to do the Super Model Makeover and the Brazilian Blowout in two appts, as my time didn't allow both in one sitting, but La Diva would have tried to accommodate me either way, which is awesome!Walking out there on both days, I felt a renewed confidence. I'm loving my hair and can finally run my fingers through my gorgeous strands of hair! I truly think every woman needs to have a makeover. I highly recommend Brittini or any of the other ladies at La Diva! I do feel like a new woman. THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU! You ladies are truly amazing!!!
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2010,1/13/2011,90,150,8,12,9>Awesome.  For real.  Come here with your kids and they will have a blast.  It's bigger and better than Julius Kahn Park in the Presidio (my previous favorite park) plus it's not overflowing with snooty, Bugaboo yielding ,Bar Method practicing Marina mommies.The giant, super high tunnel slide is a total crowd pleaser.  Even though there's a sign that says kids older than 16 aren't allowed on it, I saw a s-load of adults (some pretty tubby) going down the slide.  There are lots of structures to climb on, a multitude of swings (tire swing!) and slides, and a huge grassy field where you can picnic or fly kites.  My only minor gripe is that the big kid swings are too low.  Yes, kids can climb on the swings themselves but then their legs drag on the ground when they swing.  Lame.I was expecting to pay the $5 parking fee but no one was in the booth when we went last Tuesday.   Maybe they only charge on the weekends?  Whatever the case may be, the cheap-o in me was grinning from ear to ear at my good luck.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2010,1/12/2011,330,533,6,11,12>Harley Farms is a little off the beaten track, but it's well worth the trip.  If you're anywhere near Pescadero (and if you love cheese), you MUST stop here!Dee Harley has converted a former cow dairy into a beautiful -- and green -- goat dairy.  Their goats are well cared for, and it shows in the quality of cheeses they produce.  Even people who don't usually like goat cheese love this stuff.If you know you'll be coming here well in advance, you should try to take a tour.  You'll learn all about the dairy operations, you'll meet the goats, you'll get to milk a goat, and of course you'll taste the wonderful cheese.  February visitors will get to see (and hold!) newborn baby goats.  I'm sure I don't have to tell you how incredibly cute they are.Those who don't do the tour can still try Harley Farms cheeses.  There are many different kinds in their retail shop, and I love them all.  As others have mentioned, the cheeses will generally keep for six months in your freezer.  I wouldn't know, because I can never make them last that long!
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/2/2010,1/11/2011,711,1139,9,14,13>Not the 70's burger lounge that is Godfather's, nor the 50's style diner that's Taxi's or Jeffrey's. Rave burger doesn't even look like a rave with funky lighting - it's actually pretty normal inside (yelp.com/biz_photos/jS1j) The $11.50 Kobe beef burger caught my eye. It sometimes even sells out. (yelp.com/biz_photos/jS1j)The Kobe burger was cooked perfectly and very well made. I didn't get that distinct Kobe beef flavor I was looking for though. Even though the burger was 1/2 pound, I was still hungry even after having fries. Honestly, I wasn't satisfied and I'd probably rather have 3 double doubles at In-n-Out than have this Kobe burger again.The mushroom burger ($9) was ok. I like the 'shroom burger at Red Robin a little bit better though. (yelp.com/biz_photos/jS1j)Since Rave uses Niman ranch beef, I say skip the Kobe beef and get their regular burger. Haven't tried Jack's Prime yet but I have to say I like Godfather's a little bit better than Rave because of the toppings.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2010,1/10/2011,364,222,7,11,9>It's only been my second time here at B Street and Vine and I'm still loving it.  I almost forgot about this place until my friend mentioned that it was half off all glasses of wines on Mondays.  Half off all wine glasses? I'm there!As always, ordering the bruschetta here is a MUST!  I've tried almost all of them and and none of them disappoint.  Of course some were better depending on your palette but I'm telling you now - it's all super good.   For $12 you get to choose 4 different kind of toppings out of the 13 toppings they offer.  Each topping you choose comes with 4 slices which is enough to share with a group of people.  Really good deal for the amount of food you are getting.We also decided to order the ceviche which also had a pretty big portion size.  A nice refreshing appetizer considering we were loading ourselves up with tons of carbs.My friend and I decided to split the chicken panini since we knew were going to full from our starters.  They were even nice enough to split it on two plates for us.  Great portion size to share and pretty good.  Much better then the tri tip salad I had last time.With two appetizers, 4 glasses of wine (each half off) and two panini's it all came out to only be $18/person.  Great deal for the amount of food and portion size you were getting.As many of my other Yelpers complained about, their service was not the greatest.  If it wasn't for the waiter who was kind of on the rude side I probably would have given this place 5 stars.  Even with the bad service, the price and food is well worth the trip back to B Street and Vine.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2010,1/9/2011,249,513,5,8,6>happy hour "under the attic" was exactly what i needed after a long week of work. the happy hour specials were great deals and definitely more unique than your regular drinks and bar snacks.i started with a vodka pineapple. then graduated to a citrusy concoction made by the lovely bartender. i must say, it tasted like a fizzy fragrant lemonade and was one of the best drinks i've ever had. too bad i couldn't remember the name of the drink after.$1 oysters! fried calamari, sweet potato fries with banana ketchup, fish tacos, pork rinds with lemon pepper, and adobo wings (dozen for $3!!!). i don't know if it was the drinks talking, but the food all hit the spot. what a discovery!will certainly return for happy hour again and move up to the attic above for dinner sometime.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2009,2/18/2010,83,80,2,3,2>5 stars only for my pants that I've had cleaned, pressed, and pleated ( is pressed the same as pleating, oh well.)As on e person mentioned about names appearing on tags I wasn't able to find that on my slacks. I thought about it though and my slacks cost about $130 so if they write on the tag on the inside, oh well. /small price to pay compared to them being misplaced or mistaken for someone else's. My pants were ready when stated they would be and looked fabulous.... Actually, I've been wearing these pants to work for the past 4 months and the day I picked them up from the cleaners I wore them into work and my co-worker said, "nice pants where did you get them"? I laughed and said these are the same one pair I always wear!!!! She didn't believe me and gave me the guilty you went shopping look. :)For less than $6 I got back a pair of pants that had my co-worker thinking I went shopping. I'll roll with that. I next will be trying out my white shag rugs as these bad boys will need frequent cleaning.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2009,2/17/2010,90,588,9,6,7>So the universe treats me pretty well but it doesn't want me to get cocky. I've noticed over the years that it has imposed a %95 happiness ceiling on me. Here's how that works: whenever things are going really, really well in my life a small bad thing happens to moderate my emotional level. Take last winter for instance when I had a night that included pizza, a monty python movie I hadn't seen in years, and a date with a woman whose ass was actually smaller than mine (a welcome change of pace from a troubling pattern). As I arrived home I had a low-speed blowout caused by some debris in the road. It was nothing dangerous or severe or even all that inconvenient since I was able to drive the 30ft into my own parking space. Heck, I waited till the next day to put the donut on. The universe doesn't want me miserable it just wants me to stay humble. So the Les Schwab had recently opened and I knew of their work from a previous blowout on a previous car in the North Bay.I called them up and they ordered an OEM tire for me at a price that matched the other places I'd contacted. It  came in the next day and they processed me quickly and efficiently for a reasonable charge.Yesterday, I was on my way to a lunch that included FREE PIZZA and the universe put a large screw in my path just outside my home. Hello Mr. low-tire-inflation warning light. After pumping air into the sad looking left-front, I abandoned lunch plans (managed to postpone!), and drove to Les Schwab where they patched me for free in about 15-20 minutes. Maybe I'll take the train to the rescheduled free pizza lunch; I doubt the universe would derail a bunch of innocents on my behalf.This experience also puts a point in the column for chains. Frequently Yelp reviews reflexively give extra credence to local family-owned businesses. Les Schwab shows that it is possible for a small business to grow and prosper without morphing into a corporate entity that treats its customers as enemies. Large multi-site businesses can offer superior service through standardized procedure and policies as evidenced here. Performing minor maintenance on existing customers in exchange for goodwill towards future purchases from the system of stores seems to be S.O.P. and would likely be harder for a single location to pull off. If I were to move to Portland before my next set of tires I would still consider using a Les Schwab location there.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2009,2/16/2010,249,513,3,8,6>i read all the yelp reviews before venturing to try medallion. i must say the impression i got was hot and cold, you either thought it was good or hated its guts. well i thought i'd give it a chance, and i ended up thinking it was great! off the bat, when we entered the restaurant, we were pleasantly greeted by all staff members. we were waiting for other people in our party so we sat down at their sleek lounge for a drink. drinks were very strong pours.when we were sat at our table, our waiter was right on top of things and introduced us to the specials of the night. bread and water were placed in front of us without question and we did not have any missing silverware throughout the meal as someone noted. i think perhaps medallion's management reads these reviews as well and they are on the road to vast improvement.for appetizers, we had the wood grilled oysters and calamari. i didn't care too much for the oysters since they were luke warm and drowning in garlic butter. i'd rather just eat them raw next time. the calamari was crisp and light mingled with deep fried red onions. i like! the dipping cocktail and aioli sauces were lacking flavor though.choose between grass fed or corn fed different cuts of beef and a choice of 2 sides. i tried a piece of the grass fed boneless ribeye. i must say the flavor was fantastic and the bouncy/chewy texture of the meat was surprisingly not off-putting. the sauteed mushrooms were excellent and flavored amazingly well, the creamed spinach was smooth and tasty as well. someone from our party ordered seabass which got great reviews. other sides like baked potato and chilli brocollini also got good remarks.for me, i had the maine lobster risotto. let me tell you, this risotto can have a review of its own. it was laden with lumps of perfectly cooked lobster, handfuls of delicious mushrooms, rice was soft and creamy yet not mushy, and a nice ladel of pungent and flavorful lobster bisque across the top. the portion was also more than enough. i think this might have been the best risotto i've had in a long time. and i must admit i didn't expect this from a steakhouse. when it came to dessert, i had seen and heard of their souffle. but dissappointingly, they have temporarily taken it off the menu to improve upon the recipe. which i think is a great thing...it shows they are willing to strive for perfection. so we skipped dessert and took a raincheck for our next visit. throughout the meal, our waiter was very attentive and often made side jokes here and there. i found him to be quite good at what he does. overall, medallion exceeded my expectations and i definitely will be back!
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2010,2/15/2010,199,286,9,7,7>with a clever name like thaiphoon, how can i, someone who appreciates lame jokes and corny puns, resist?boy and i have been trying to break out of our usual castro dining venues and i suggested this place.  the place is all dark panels and thus seemed a wee bit more sophisticated than your usual casual dining establishment.  definitely a different atmosphere than amarin right across the street.  it wasn't bad, just something that made the place seem more 'modern'.ordered the PAD SEE EW and the CHICKEN WITH BASIL.  for the chicken dish, i liked that they had a brown or white rice option [even if i don't like brown rice, it's always nice to know that the healthier option is available].  the pad see ew came out steaming hot, and at first i was kind of disappointed by its size, but found that the dish had a lot of meat, vegetables, noodles and etc.  maybe it's the plating that threw me off.  whatever.  it was all yummy in my tummy anyways.not a bad place to try if you're in the area.  prices seem a bit higher than the normal lunch menus, but whatever.  i still think that thaiphoon blew me away [get it? get it? hehe].
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2009,2/14/2010,220,362,5,8,9>So the owner wrote to me, letting me know that based on my review that their taco tasted too close to a Mexican taco, that they revamped the recipe to make it more Indian-based and that I should stop by and give it another shot.  Kudos to an owner who reads constructive criticism and actually does something about it!  5 stars for that alone!Well, I did indeed give it a shot....and they did a great job!  There is now a faint, yet distinct, layer of heat and spice in the desi salsa on the taco that makes you smile.  It definitely is more Indian in flavor, which is what it needed.  I also tried the chicken tikka masala lunch platter and the deconstructed samosa - YUM!  The samosa was very rich and substantial for a supposed snack.  The chicken tikka masala had a milder spice level than I would prefer, but I think it's probably the right amount of heat considering the truck's in Burlingame and not Mountain View.  Everything was delicious....I think they're improving more and more as they get used to this business!  I love how fresh everything seems despite being on a taco truck - I mean, they're rolling out flatbreads as you wait....it's quite impressive.Came on a Saturday afternoon and lines were about 6-8 people deep.  I'm sure it will start getting more and more crowded as word starts getting out, and as they start venturing into weekday lunch territory.  I've already picked out what I'm trying out next time....double rotis covered in condensed milk....I'm drooling as I type....
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2009,2/13/2010,31,556,3,5,3>Ambiance/Decor:The ambiance and decor are nice & quite aesthetically pleasing.  Just being there made me feel all fancy!  The whole restaurant (decor, food) creates this well-fed, upscale feeling.  Mmmm.Side Bar:Pretty tasty!  A lot of standard items, but I was surprised to also find croquettes, coconut couscous, prosciutto, fruit cole slaw, and an assortment of hard cheeses.Side Dishes:At the table were plates of cheesy bread puffs (DELICIOUS - a kind of airy biscuit that I've seen only at these Brazilian churrascaria-type places), fried banana (pretty good), and fried polenta (pretty good).MEEEEEEAT:There were 13+ different meat selections.  My favorites were the parmesan-crusted filet mignon and the sausage.  Other selections include: tri-tip, top sirloin, skirt steak, lamb chop, leg of lamb, bacon-wrapped turkey, chicken heart, spicy chicken leg, herbed chicken breast, coriander pork, filet mignon w/o parmesan.  Impressively, the chicken was super-moist.They also bring by skewers of roasted pineapple - so good, don't pass this one up! It contrasts really nicely with all the heavy, salty meat that you're eating.If you have a large group, then your table gets one red/green card to flip whenever your group is ready/not ready for more meat -- for smaller groups, each person gets an individual card.Minus 1 star because: * it's pricey ($44 for rodizio all-you-can-eat), especially if you don't have the appetite of a football player. * sadly, pork ribs weren't included in the unlimited meats... they're a separate appetizer.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/22/2009,2/11/2010,523,353,5,10,7>SOLID 3 star establishment.b/c i decided to heed yelps advice i decided not to over-indulge myself by having to much sashimi/sushi/fish here, i was debating if i should get a chirashi bowl ($16.95) but i ended up having the shio ramen ($8.95) and an order of sake nigiri. Bf had rainbow roll, dragon roll and sake nigiri. bill came to be around $43 ish before tip. pretty reasonable i guess?flavor wise, i was pleasantly surprised. i'm not a ramen snob, but the ramen was pretty darn decent to me to say the least and my bf seconds that opinion. I know santa ramen is down the street by 20th, but this place is open till 10pm, and there was NO wait. The pork was sweet, the broth wasn't too salty or oily, the noodles weren't over done. I'm easy to please and i had no complaints. My sake nigiri however, lacked that small dab of wasabi in it. The rice had a pretty ok flavor too. Although it is a korean owned sushi joint, it THANKFULLY is a little different from hiro sushi, joy sushi, sushi o sushi, and sushi house. b/c all of those korean-sushi joints taste the same to me! i only say this b/c they do have a small, tayaki menu. I didn't get to try anything, but since its an open kitchen, i did see the chefs cooking a couple of things up on the grill. we sat at the bar, so we got our food as soon as it was ready. The sushi chef gave us and this other couple that was sitting at the bar free LOBSTER something. that was SOOOO NICE of him. I was totally full, but it was nice, and i felt like i had to nod my head in affirmation, and eat all of it. LOL.I asked for hot water but i ended up getting tea, and i'm sitting here typing this review at 1:39am in the morning. this is not good. when i ask for hot water, there is a darn good reason why i ask for hot water! :poverall, i probably won't come back here only b/c there are other places in san mateo that have superior sushi. this place has NOTHING on my current fave YUZU. But i do commend them on good service and that end of the night freebie. seriously, that was so nice of them. LOBSTER!!!!oh yeah. they're closed on sundays. open for dinner only on saturdays.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2009,2/10/2010,125,185,10,10,10>My friend and I were originally going to take Skyline and the backroads to hit up breakfast in Pescadero, but when Mother Nature decided to throw a bunch of cold fog up on the mountains (not very fun on a motorcycle), our plans changed and we ended up cruising to Woodside.I've had breakfast in Woodside several times, and when confronted with the "this breakfast place or that breakfast place?" conundrum, every time I've chosen the Cafe because of the outside patio. Luckily, I was with someone who had heard of Buck's before, so I decided to try something new.And WOW. The outside of the restaurant does not give away how kitschy it is inside. Anyone who is easily distractible like me will be overwhelmed with things to look at and completely forget to have a conversation ("You know, there was this one time--holy crap there is alligator carpet! I mean, that time--oh my goodness, look at the astronaut with the martini glass!" - so on and so forth). They even have a Shaq's sneaker on the wall, bought for $20,000 at auction and donated to the restaurant. Really. Kids can get a scavenger hunt paper, and run around trying to see how many things they can find (like the giant print of San Francisco in jello). But I'm a dork and grabbed it for myself with a couple crayons. Yay!As for the food, I was mildly impressed. We ordered a coffee cake to share, which we ended up maaaybe eating 1/8th of it because it was about five inches square and three inches high. I also forgot to ask whether it came with nuts, and it actually contained my nemesis, the evil horror that are walnuts.I ordered the Woodsider, an omelette that comes with avocado, mushrooms, artichoke hearts, and something else. The avocado was severely lacking--a couple slices arranged on top--but the rest of the omelette was pretty good. Not sure I would have artichoke hearts again in an omelette; the canned stuff is rather greasy and marred the taste. I got fruit instead of home fries, but it was rather un-artfully cubed pieces in a bowl... but every piece of fruit was fresh and in-season, not like the hard, unripe fruit that some breakfast places sell. Great place at the middle of a road trip through the mountains, and probably pre- or post-hike in the mountains. The experience here is more fun, and I'll likely frequent Buck's more than the Cafe from now on.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2009,2/9/2010,198,505,5,5,5>Both the fiance and I read about this place separately and when we came together one day while talking about places to try out, we both agreed this was a spot we *had* to try out. After hearing a friend talk about this place, I knew it was in a sketchy neighborhood on the border of Menlo Park and Palo Alto, but the food was anything BUT sketchy. On a weekend, you'll be lucky to find a seat in the "restaurant" if you don't come early or later than usual. For us, we got lucky, as a group decided they were too big to fit in the restaurant and moved outside. Don't come here expecting a restroom, you won't find it. I had to turn the corner and ask the neighboring haircut place if I could use their ladies' room. If you can get over the fact that this is a hole-in-the-wall which is turning out to be quite the popular Jerk place, then you would love this joint!Chicken Jerk Plate - this is what they're famous for, and I can see why! The spice was just the right amount of kick (and they even offer you some extra sauce in case you want even more kick to it). The portion are nice and generous - 2 thighs, 2 drumsticks, along with beans mixed in rice, salad, and some fried plantains. If you come here, this is a must!Pork Jerk Plate - because we wanted to try out something else besides the chicken, this was the default other plate we decided to order. Same exact spice as the jerk chicken, pork was nice with just the right amount of fat to it. If I were to pick a favorite, I don't think I would be able to decide between the chicken or the pork.Fried wings - comes with 2 scorching hot and soft Hawaiian like rolls. Normally I'm not a fan of buns, but this was a keeper! If we didn't over order, I would've scarfed down that bread like there was no tomorrow. The batter was unique, a good kind of unique. It was a bit puffier than your normal KFC wings (oh wait, why am I insulting this place by comparing it to KFC?!). I'm normally not that big of a fan of wings, but this is different. In case you're into more flavoring, they also give you some extra sauce on the side... kind of reminds me of sweet and sour.Corn festivals - I did my research before coming here, and didn't read much about corn festivals (I didn't even know what it was walking into this place). This was not on our original order, but after sitting in the restaurant and glancing around at pretty much 75% of the tables with this puffy fried fish shape looking like thing, we *had* to ask what it was. I went down the list of fried foods and couldn't figure it out, so the server told us it was corn festivals. Oh what the hey, there was no description of it, but if everyone and their mama's were ordering it, we were going to do it too. For less than $3, it came with 4 freakin' large corn festivals. My best description of it is sort of like hush puppies but better, it had a mix of corn meal inside and it was crispy and slightly sweetened on the outside. For all you Chinese folks out there, it's like a Chinese donut (perhaps even better tasting). HIGHLY RECOMMEND ORDERING THIS.4.5 stars. -5 stars for no restroom and you don't really come here for the service.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/12/2009,2/7/2010,676,1464,8,11,10>Fatty tender beef... MMMMMMmmmmm... I love kobe style beef sliced thin, quickly dipped in the boiling broth and pulled out while it still slightly bleeds... I love Shabuway... I love the ponzu sauce and the endless garlic paste on the tables. I love how the food tastes light and fresh. I love how that plate of sliced beef looks while I sit there and drool. They've recently added a spicy miso broth to change it up from their standard boiling water. Even the standard boiling water gets a makeover with a piece of kombu! Service here is prompt, I wish they had more a la carte things instead of lumping everything into set meals.Oh yeah... we were here as they were closing and they really clean everything! Short of taking apart the meat slicing machine, they were bleaching and cleaning and wiping. A+ for sanitation in my book!
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2008,2/2/2008,125,89,7,8,8>Sometimes what you need is a greasy hamburger (or a greasy boca burger.)  Certainly not everyday, probably not every month, but sometimes...on possibly rare occasions.At Red Robin, you might say the secret ingredient is just the right combination of salt and grease.  (And probably some kind of overly sweet sauce...maybe BBQ sauce?)  They're good greasy burgers, but just be sure to say "No" when they ask you if you want a "free refill on your French fries".  (You can thank me for this later.)They get an extra star for being next door to Chuck E. Cheese, which seems to grab all the families and leaves this place open for those of us who are bitter, lonely, and family free.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/25/2008,2/1/2008,733,936,8,7,7>The Girl couldn't believe I hadn't been here before.  I guess since she works nearby she frequents this place.  After a VERY late start on a Saturday morning, we came to Joanie's hoping to make the approx 2:30pm cutoff for brunch.  We found parking right in front and the guy was just about to turn over the sign saying they were closed, but saw us and waved us in.  SCORE!We were famished and ordered home fries, a waffle, and a scrambled eggs plate.  The waffle was fairly good and the eggs over easy were done well.  The home fries were excellent and the scrambled eggs were good.  Had I written this before the review for Bistro Maxine, I may have given this a 4.  However, after such a stellar breakfast at Maxine, this has to be a 3 for now. The home fries deserve a 4, but the waffle was just a 3, I have to admit.  Maybe I need to go back and get something else.  It seemed that the waffle was pre-made and not homemade, which disappointed me.  Next time, we'll see how it comes out.This didn't affect my rating, but there was an older couple next to us where the man was (dare I say) crotchety and griping about the environment, the government, the economy, and some sort of rash.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/20/2007,1/31/2008,249,513,6,8,6>almost everything is bbq'd until it's dry as dried hay. to compensate, copious amounts of bbq sauce is slathered over the meat. the sauce is tasty and tangy...which is good because it somewhat masks the moistureless meat.potato salad is decent. but i'd prefer more potatoes and less mayo. there is nothing texas about their texas toast. it's not even thicker than a normal slice of white bread!prices aren't exactly cheap either. for a mixed plate of bbq meats, it can run you up to 16-17 bucks a plate. even a chopped chicken sandwich is 7.50 (and it's more of a burger than a sandwich). the shredded cheese is unmelted...which is a pet peeve of mine. why bother shredding the cheese in a sandwich? wouldn't it be easier and less messy just to put a slice of cheese?i do however, like the roll of paper towel in the middle of the table...cuz god knows when you're eating bbq, you need a huge napkin.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2008,1/30/2008,493,463,10,9,7>If Beltramo's were a boy, I'd kiss him!  Lots!  I might even bring him flowers from the Sunday farmer's market ... Cuz that's just the kind of girl I am!  ;)How many times have you found yourself in the wine aisles at Draegers, Safeway, Mollie Stones, etc. with a blank stare on your face - wandering aimlessly for something to jump out at you and scream "the best bottle of wine you'll ever have for $10, $20, $40...."?  Too many times to count for most of us!  Enter Beltramo's in Menlo Park...Each and every time I walk into Beltramo's I am greeted with exuberance and friendliness.  All of the associates here have excellent knowledge of the wines and never feel like you're being cheap .... Let's face it, we don't always want to go for the "wow" when bringing a bottle of wine to a party - and sometimes we just want a good, solid bottle of vino to snuggle up with next to the fireplace on a cold & rainy night.  No need to impress ....Not only does Beltramo's have a HUGE selection of international and domestic wines, champagnes and liquors - they have some wonderful snacks to bring along for the ride!  How better to enjoy a nice bottle of Zin than with a creamy brie and a deliciously sinful slice of Salumi Toscano ....So .... Beltramo's, will you be my Valentine?
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2007,1/29/2008,440,185,8,11,9>I have a confession.  For a little bit of backstory, refer back to my Mollie Stone's review.  yelp.com/biz/mollie-ston.  Something about breaking up and unhealthy relationships, etc.  Well, I'm 'fessing up.  I still go to Mollie.  I went to Mollie for a bottle of bourbon and a stick of butter this weekend.  I just had to.  What can I say?  Bad habits are hard to break.This weekend, I'm back at Mollie's, and lo and behold, I run into my old boss passing out samples of Stollen (that's German coffee cake, kinda like a fruit cake, but not necessarily with fruit, and a hundred times richer and moister). Turns out in addition to being some big product/marketing guy, he was helping his two friends, Jared and Natalia, the awesome couple that started Sterntaler Bakery, to spread the word about their bread for the day.  Pretty neat!Well, in addition to a bottle of bourbon and stick of butter that day, I also scored a Walnut German coffee cake and two sticks of bread, all of the extremely dense, rich, and moist variety.  Yummmm.  The breads are scrumptiously indulgent just butter spread on top, and the coffee cake is perfect with coffee or to bring to a dinner party or something.  Everything looks so homey and rustic, and coming from San Carlos, it's all super fresh. Hopefully, I'll get to try their pretzels soon too - authentic German pretzels sounds good to me.  And as an aside, Sterntaler baked goods are sold at a few more "exes" of mine - my "Mr. Big," Bi-rite, and the long-distance relationship gone awry, Piazza's in Palo Alto (yelp.com/biz/piazzas-fin).  Or have I now taken the metaphor too far?
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2008,1/28/2008,566,414,12,14,22>Condensation drips from the steamed-up window, the meat slicer, pounding out plate after plate, each covered in thin slices of beef heaven; steam billowing above each pot - you know you're in for some serious shabu-shabu.                                                                                    C       C                                                           H     H                            (                 )       O      O             )        (       )         )  (      P     P           (    (       )   (         (        S   S             )    )   (       )   (     )  T   T    )       )   (    (       )   (       ) ( I   I  )    (     (       )    )   (       )   (C C   (         )       )   (    (       )   (   KK    (     )    (     (       )    )   (       )M   )     ) (       )       )   (    (       )   (E A(     (     )   (     (       )    )   (       )T    )     ) (      )  shabushabushabushabushabu  shabushabushabushabushabu       shabushabushabushabushabu                                      shabushabushabushabush        abushhabushabushabus            habushabushabushaShabuway is the perfect place for a small group (less than 5 or 6). We arrived right after a wave of people, so our wait was about 40 minutes. At least it didn't feel that long. They have few options on the menu and Companion H, K, and myself, ordered the Original, which includes a plate of Kobe style beef, a SMALL platter of vegetables (napa cabbage, enoki mushrooms, 2 baby carrots, 2 leaves of spinach, and 2 slices of tofu), udon, and rice. Companion P (vegetarian) ordered the Veggie shabu-shabu which comes with extra veggies (broccoli, asparagus, and pumpkin). Since we were seated at a small table, we had to share the pot. If you sit at the counter, you can get your own. (Makes it easier if you have a Veggie friend) Each table has a set of spices and seasonings, and each order comes with small bowls of Ponzu sauce, and Sesame Sauce. YUM! Price-wise, the Original is totally worth the price. I'm not convinced that the Veggie one is worth it though. Decor is slightly modern. Cutesy. While we waited for our Veggie companion to cook up his veggies, we marinated our meat with the minced garlic and chili pepper.. So it all worked out. The meat was perfection and I didn't come out smelling like meat or broth. SUCCESS!
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2007,1/27/2008,116,160,6,20,13>In my life, I have dealt with thousands of businesses, big and small.  I can honestly tell you this: I have never in my LIFE had such a wonderful experience purchasing something.  If I could give them 500,000 stars, I would--honestly.  This business does not even compare to anywhere else I've been, jewelry store or otherwise.  They are FANTASTIC.I found Geoffrey's through Yelp.  I needed a local jeweler to look at my engagement ring, which my fiancee and I purchased from a jeweler in Oregon.  The ring had been majorly screwed up by the other jeweler, and I needed a second opinion about how to deal with the situation.  I drove all the way to San Carlos from Oakland, just because of the great reviews they had, and it was totally worth it.  Geoffrey and Andy spent 45 minutes inspecting my ring and educating me about what the other jeweler had done and how the ring should be properly repaired.  They didn't stand to make a cent off of me at that point, but they were kind enough to spend nearly an hour with me, just to help.  I really felt (feel) like they cared about me and the horrible experience I had, and I really felt like they wanted to make it better in any way they could.We ended up getting a refund on that ring, and when it came time to buy another one, we went straight back to Geoffrey's.  I was seriously scarred by the previous experience with the other jeweler (they messed up the ring FIVE TIMES), so I was feeling a little apprehensive.  Geoffrey and Andy were so understanding, and did their absolute best to make this experience a great one.  Over the course of four or five appointments, they helped me design a custom ring for a VERY reasonable price.   In the grand scheme of things, we didn't spend that much money at Geoffrey's (I had an heirloom diamond and just needed a setting), but they spent hours with us.  They made me feel special every time I walked into that store--everyone knew my name and everyone was smiling.  They were excited about my ring, which in turn got me really excited.The custom ring process was really fun and interesting: I brought in some designs I liked, which I had printed off the internet.  Andy, Geoffrey and I discussed what I liked about each one and came up with a general idea of what I was looking for.  Geoffrey then drew out a picture of what I wanted.  When I approved it, he made a wax mold of the ring...and when I approved that, they made my ring.  When we went to pick up the ring, Geoffrey was so amazing and understanding.  I wanted to change a small thing about the ring, and they did it right there in the store in less than an hour.  In addition to the ring, they gave us a polishing cloth, cleaning solution, and a little complimentary pocket knife for my fiancee.  I'm a sucker for details, and I really liked the box they gave me for my ring, too.  :)   Their quality is impeccable, and so is their service.  I also genuinely TRUST them--and for a person that isn't particularly trusting (especially with her grandmother's 72-year old heirloom diamond!), that's saying a lot.  I would never go anywhere else, and I mean that.  I drive 40 minutes to get to the store every time I go in there, and it is ALWAYS worth it.I am absolutely thrilled with my engagement ring.  The experience with the first jeweler was really bad.  REALLY bad.  But it led me to Geoffrey's.  And you know what?  The four months of hell with the other jeweler was worth it, because Geoffrey, Andy and all the other wonderful women at the store made up for it in a BIG way.Thank you SO much, Geoffrey.  You've made me SO HAPPY and so emotional that I get teary every time I think of you and this experience.  I would recommend Geoffrey's Diamonds and Goldsmith to anyone and everyone.  I've never had a better experience anywhere.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2007,1/26/2008,205,93,3,10,10>This place has a great collection of model aircraft spanning the history of aviation to look at while you wait for your breakfast which sometimes can take a while so drink your coffee and look at the little planes then look out the window at the larger real-life planes and see the people fueling them up and about to get into them and remember that you just saw them a few minutes ago sitting at the table across from you and think wow I guess it's kind of cool to be able to drive up, eat breakfast, and then hop into your plane (if you're lucky enough to have one) and then fly away somewhere so nobody knows where you are.Meanwhile, back at my table, next to the Amelia Earhart photo,  I'm sipping the freshest fresh squeezed orange juice I've had in ages and chowing on the very yummy Pilot's Plate (a scramble with lots of sausage and veggies served with an English muffin) or the equally awesome Eggs Benedict.  The bottom line is the food is great, the people who work here are very cool, and the location is quintessentially Coastside.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2008,1/25/2008,291,146,10,7,7>Yummy bagel's and free Wifi. Go go Izzy's.Oh, you want more? More you shall have then.It's small. Usually packed. They have large menus full of good stuff. You'll squeeze back towards the registers and pickup counter to grab your prize and then squeeze back out to devour it. Not much more to it.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/14/2007,1/24/2008,2524,2645,6,7,9>andale!...andale!...arriba!....arriba!...talk about speedy gonzales service.......beep!..beep!..even the road runner can't hang.....lightening quick meals.....in this simple..plain ol'..no frills...thai joint....fast and furious meals...from the second the order is placed...the sizzle of the grill....clank of the wok....emeril's bam~!..and out comes your order....in and done in 30 minutes...meal didn't really leave me disappointed or ecstatic...it was well~~...simple food..basic....light on the seasoning from the norm....light...the biggest variance...$6.95 appears to be their favorite number...for...glance at the wine by the glass and lunch meal prices....a roll of $6.95 straight down...mildy humorous for some odd reason...*shrug*
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2010,8/22/2010,1509,3598,7,12,13>luckily, they have worked out the kinks, and it's good now.menus updated with picsthe pork katsu is more tender than the chicken katsu, but both are still goodmedium spice curry sauce is hearty and satisfying.  noticebly better and complex compared to box curry.  i still add in the veggies and choose white rice over brown.  portion huge.dinner includes salad with either miso or wasabi dressingStill obviously working out the kinks at dinner. Reminds me of restaurant wars on top chef. Everyone scrambling trying to put out fires. Understaffed: no one taking names down as customers stand around cluelessly, running out of sushi rice thus crossing out a bunch of items, salad brought out but no utensils and thus patrons had to ask for utensils, I get my entree first but they forgot my salad, another lady complaining that she waited forever for her bill...In any case, the curry sauce is good, nicely complex, but they could give you a little more. Rice was dry like it had been plated long before my chicken cutlet. Meat was good, breaded well, moist, but still could be moister. I tried mild sauce (no spice) and added veggies (carrot/broccoli 75 cents). Get both wasabi and miso dressings for the salad if u can since they give u only a little.Overall portion is large, seating is cramped; I hope they will have their act together soon...i happen to like yuzu's (san mateo) lunch only chicken katsu curry
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,8/21/2010,1379,168,7,14,13>I'm going to say I love this place.  Absolutely solid in every aspect.  At first, I didn't know what to expect, but with the 4 stars on Yelp, couldn't really go wrong, right?The all meat omelette was delicious, fluffy, and had great texture.  The hashbrowns were unique in cut, full of flavor, but a bit cold and I would have liked them to be done crispier/longer cooked.They serve bagels with everything. Ex: eggs, potatoes, and a bagel.Bagel? Yes Bagel.  Grilled/toasted/buttered delicious chewy warm mouth watering.  You can ask for whipped cream cheese if you like which spreads so nicely on this robust creature of carb.Banana-pecan waffle- WOW.  Light, fluffy, refreshing with cold whipping cream and bananas.  Perfect consistency.  Well mastered.Pancake. Plain pancake.  Whipped butter. Warm syrup. Best I've ever eaten. Best.  I could eat a whole stack.  Not dry.  Perfect. Best. You just must go eat this pancake.Out of everything, the bagel and pancake blew my mind away.  I wish the hashbrowns had, because they are truly unique.The pancake is going on the battledish.com list.I will be back to try the benedictions.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2010,8/20/2010,103,187,6,16,10>I have been eagerly awaiting the opening of this place...Taking the train to/from work has prompted me to walk by on countless occasions and peak into the windows, watching the progress and anticipated their opening.I would be lying if I said I haven't been daydreaming - imagining a hard day at work, rough meetings, only to depart the train and step right into the Savvy Cellar for a soothing class of Pinot.  Owners Brent and Jennifer are extremely savvy (see what I did there?) business folks to put a wine bar at the train station, not to mention at the end of the most happenin' street in MV.  Mountain View has been in dire need of a quality wine bar - this new, additional location for Savvy Cellar is perfection.After months of watching and waiting, my beau and I decided we had to stop by here after dinner on their first open Saturday night.  After previewing their menu during a walk-by Thursday night, I knew had to save some room for some small nibbles and bubbles.  Their wine list is well thought out and plentiful.  Jennifer is the establishment's sommelier and did an excellent job putting together different flights and options for all palettes.  While I love my Pinots and Zins, it was definitely a night for bubbly.  I started with their flight of sparkling wines (a Proseco, a Champagne and a Napa Valley sparkling wine), and my beau did the port flight.   Both were paired to perfection with the chocolate plate we ordered, which was also divine.  We were really enjoying ourselves and since we just had a short walk home, we decided to keep the fun flowing.  More wine please.  =)  We followed up our flight and chocolate tasting with a glass of Pinot (for me), and glass of dessert wine (for the boy).  With that we decided that a little bread wouldn't hurt and ordered the olive oil tasting.  OMG, the olive oil tasting... the Spanish one was our fav - super yummy!  Beyond all the spectacularly fabulous wine and nibbles, this place is set up beautifully; very clean, fresh, pristinely decorated with beautiful hanging dim-lighting, and provides an intimate yet comfy vibe.  The cherry on top is the amazing staff... while Jennifer was helping us most of the night, Brent and a few other staff members also came by to chat, check on us, etc.  Very knowledgeable, cheery and thoughtful crew.Needless to say, we'll be coming back... I think tomorrow might be the "hard day" at work that I have been daydreaming about...  ;)
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2009,8/19/2010,125,185,6,11,8>Adding to the slew of 5 star reviews, because I'm cool like that.Finally made the time to come check this place out. FIrst off, kind of a skeezy looking location. DO NOT BE DISCOURAGED.Everyone recommended the jerk chicken meal (including the precocious kid behind the counter) so I got that and my boyfriend got the BBQ rib meal. It takes about 15 mins for the food to be ready (which is nice, since you know it isn't just sitting in a pile behind the counter, they're actually cooking it).First off, both were amazing, but the ribs blew my mind. I love love love ribs, and these were absolutely fantastic; falling off the bone, covered in tasty BBQ sauce, and the sides of fries and coleslaw went perfectly. The jerk chicken was moist and the fried plantains were really good, but man, I don't think I can NOT get the ribs here the next time I go.Highly deserving of their high ratings!
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2010,8/18/2010,29,86,5,7,4>Everything we ate in this restaurant felt very hand-made and authentic -- I was the only white person in the restaurant (if you're questioning the authenticity of the clientele).  The dumplings were made after we ordered them and we could see finger prints pressed in.  The place is surprisingly clean, and there isn't a lot of northern chinese cuisine in the bay area. I'll definitely be returning to try out their much-praised beef noodle soup and weekend wheat bun menu.I recommend eating everything as it comes out of the kitchen, even if it's not your intended order because it's very fresh and hot.What we ate:Chinese broccoli (w/ garlic. very tender)Jing Dong Pork Pie (AMAZING)Fish and Chive Dumplings (i've never had fish dumplings before.. would try again. Make sure you use vinegar, it's a little bland without it)Red bean buns (bun + red bean were perfect)
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2010,8/17/2010,41,220,4,7,6>**6 STAR ALERT**(That's right--I would grow fingers to give them a higher rating)$37 (all-inclusive, same price as 2009!)8 minutes (ave)Straight-forward, laid-back, friendly, playful.Fluid top-off & tire pressure checks.Fast (NOT careless).Why can't the effing DMV be this good?
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2010,8/16/2010,116,166,3,6,5>Ok, as per my last review it is no secret that I was dissatisfied with my hair cut...however, Maral PROMPTLY (like within a day or two) sent me a PM apologizing for any mis-communication during my appointment and offering me a complete refund for her services.In terms of customer service, this is definitely as good as it gets. True, I wasn't happy with my hair and ended up trimming it myself later that weekend, but the fact that Maral stands by her work and knows the actions to take when a customer isn't satisfied is seriously 5-star worthy.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2010,8/15/2010,34,43,4,4,4>My sweetie and I had a really nice late dinner here last night.  We came it after 9pm and they were kind enough to allow us to order before the kitchen closed and sleepy Burlingame rolled up the streets.We shared the Caprese salad starter which was really lovely!  I adore this salad normally, and make it at home all the time.  Trapeze made it with a bit of a twist.  They drizzle a little pesto vinaigrette over the top, which gave it a light, bright finish.  Very good!He had Spaghetti Toscana - pasta with Italian sausage, fresh tomato, garlic, basil, and marinara.  He really liked his food and was almost a member of the clean plate club.  ;)I had one of the Chef's specials - Lobster Ravioli in a fresh tomato Cream Sauce.  I liked the food, but I have to be completely honest.  When it was placed in front of me it had the distinct aroma of fish.  Fresh lobster shouldn't smell fishy - so that made me nervous.  It did taste a little fishy - and in retrospect I should have known not to order from the "specials" list.  But it taste good, and I ate half of the order.The service was really good, our waiter was fantastic.It was entertaining to listen to the inebriated Burlingame cougars still hanging at the bar on a Sunday night.  ;)We'll be back.  Good Food, great service, really nice room.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2009,8/14/2010,694,903,8,12,9>I had a GREAT date night here!Bruschetta was very good - I love the creativity and great price. Perfect to share. I can't wait to try 4 more types - my fav was the prosciutto and figs one....I also recommend sharing the tri tip salad - which the split for you.Good selection of wines by varying price. We had a bottle of a  great red and the above for $55! Also the "live music" on this Friday was very soft - which I much prefer.Will be back!
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2010,8/13/2010,217,249,6,10,5>Wow! What's up BELMONT and all these new restaurants opening?? I'm loving it! This place is so close to my house so we decided to walk over and were we ever surprised!! The inside is awesome! Who ever decorated this place deserves some props. It's really very cool and modern (not very Belmont-like) and I loved the brushed aluminum tiles at the entry way the the "river" that runs on the ceiling. Very, very cool!I think I've noticed I'm a bit hard on restaurants that have just opened so I'm going to be a little less mean. We were seated promptly and our server was the most adorable sweet thing. The food here is deemed Thai and Japanese. Sushi and Tom Yum and Pad Thai.. interesting combo! We ordered:  the uni and sake negiri, the miso seabass and a poke salad.We received: sake negiri, miso seabass and mochi for free.So, the miso seabass was delish and the negiri was perfect. It was good quality fish and very fresh. I would go back for those again. Next time, I'd like it if my entire order was brought to me though! But we'll be back to give it another try just based on the food we had and the decor. It was really a fun experience.EDIT: Came here again last night and it was spectacular! The tom yum soup was great, sake cocktails were yummy, again the seabass was off the hook, the rolls where DELISH... Sex on the mountain? Yes, please! Uni was fresh and the tuna sashimi was great. And to top it all off, our waitress was excellent and the owner, Tony, was super friendly. I ADORE this place and I think you will, too! Welcome to Belmont ME.N.U!!
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2008,10/14/2008,160,222,5,5,5>The moment I step into this Oasis I knew it's owned by the same people who run Little Jake's.  They have essentially the same pizza and burgers you can find in Little Jake's. Even the board with the menu looks the same as Little Jake's.It may be somewhat unfair, but after Little Jake's this just isn't a new experience any more. The fact remains though those are good pizzas and burgers, so good I think I won't be going back any time soon or risk getting a beer belly the size of their large Gilroy Special, or even the size of Bush's budget deficit.The beer collection wasn't huge but there are enough decent brands for not-so-special occasions. We went there over lunch to celebrate my friend Lauren's passing of the qualifier, and it was fun enough while we were there. They have good fries and onion rings, also. The place does feel like a dungeon sometimes because of the poor lighting, but I'm willing to sacrifice some pleasure for style. Yes, a dive bar has a style too.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2008,10/13/2008,541,1054,10,12,13>Great place to get out of the fog (or out of your wetsuit), to warm up and enjoy some comfort food.  The sunny yellow walls give you an instant shot of happy from the moment that you walk in.Just the fact that the wait staff has to recite the entire breakfast menu to you should earn this place a gold star.  Why they don't print it, I don't know, but it's actually kind of nice to get the live version.From that list, I chose the slow-roasted pork hash with 2 poached eggs for my meal, at the recommendation of the server.  Really delicious, with another great recc of using Sriracha hot sauce with it.  That, plus the complimentary biscuits and jam (warning:  addictive) made for a wonderfully hearty and filling breakfast.  My dad and brother enjoyed the biscuits and gravy ('cause you just can't have enough biscuits!) and Eggs Bennedict.  The only thing that wasn't up to par was the coffee (according to Dear Old Dad), so you might want to bring your own to sip in line while you wait for a table. Yes, it is popular, so there is occasionally a line out front, but there is also counter seating if you don't want to wait.  I don't blame you - hot biscuits now!
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2008,10/12/2008,86,79,8,7,7>So I went back to Spasso to actually, you know, try their food. One cannot live on bread pudding alone, or so they keep telling me.My meager  little college student wallet gasped at the prospect of spending so much money on "luxury food," but what the hell, I was celebrating. I'm not sure exactly what I was celebrating, but don't tell my bank account that. I DESERVED this expensive and delicious food, goddamnit. I'm very ADD when it comes to restaurants (as opposed to being OCD about everything else) so I really like to get as many tastes of a menu as I can without declaring bankruptcy. Spasso offers a wonderful little appetizer sampler called the Spasso Sampler (how inventive and unique a name!). And for only $17!Seeing that this dish made the most economic sense (being that I wanted to try it all, baby) I bravely ordered it as a meal. When the plate got to me I was a little stunned. Really? This is what $17 gets me? Do you have any idea how long $17 would feed me at Jack in the Box? It looked basically like a tasting menu - and really, that's what it is.The Spasso Sampler is made up of Spring Rolls (1),  Bruschetta (2), Crab Cakes (2),  Calamari (a little heap) and some mixed greens.Even Alana's Cafe feeds you more than this, and for only 2/3's the cost.Skeptical, I started munching. I was stoked to discover that Spasso does calamari with other tasty fried bits, like fried green beans and artichoke. The Spring Rolls, though tiny, were stuffed to bursting with real honest-to-Poseidon crab meat. The crab cakes were soft and moist on the inside and delicately breaded. The bruschetta was amazing - the perfect balance of tomato and cheese with no oily aftertaste. I was in $17 a plate heaven. I actually didn't feel ripped-off in the slightest. What I want to know is how Spasso can charge $17 for all this delicious seafood, when you could go next door to Kaigan and order $50+ worth of sushi and never see actual crab meat. No excuse for those sorts of shenanigans - we're practically coastal! It's not like it's hard to get crab meat around here.Q. Why doesn't every place serve seafood and shellfish as fresh and delicious as Spasso? A. Because being Spasso takes hard work. And killer staff. And a quick kitchen. And a lovely interior. Oh, and bomb ass bread pudding.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2008,10/11/2008,632,981,8,13,11>I've always loved pie and when I saw Heidi's big yellow sign along El Camino I knew this was a must try for me.  The restaurant is  very casual.  You walk in and you find your own seat.  We were trying to stay away from the sun so we grabbed seats at the counter and salivated at the sight of dozens if not hundreds of tins of pie on the counter and on roll-away carts.  We took a glance at their available pies sign and it was mind-boggling with over 30 different varieties to choose from.Like my friend Sara A who accompanied me I actually considered just having pie for dinner until the senses clicked in and reminded me I hadn't had food for nearly seven hours.  The menu features selections very similar to a Denny's type restaurant with breakfast, lunch and dinner choices and photos of many of the items.  I selected Heidi's "Legendary" Meat Loaf dinner for $10.99 which came with a choice of soup or salad, a choice of potato, a daily vegetable and garlic toast along with a Pepsi.  I ordered one of the two daily soups, and as soon as our waiter filed away our menus I had a cup of soup in front of me.  The Tomato Vegetable soup (yelp.com/biz_photos/FCIu) was thick and hearty with lots of leafy greens, chunks of carrots and celery and soft sea shell pasta.  A packet of Kraft oyster crackers came on the side.  I munched on them after I had finished my soup while constantly eyeing the big slice of pie that was being consumed right next to me.  The fresh peach pie sure looked good.My meat loaf (yelp.com/biz_photos/FCIu) arrived along with a thick slice of toast.  The meat loaf is served on top of a bed of crispy-fried onions (just like the ones in a can that you can buy at the supermarket) and topped off with a very thick and tangy barbeque sauce.  The mashed potatoes were smothered in thick brown gravy, and dish of green beans with slices of bacon looked as if it had been steamed far too long.  The meat loaf was firm and almost rubbery.  I scraped off some of the barbeque sauce and ate all four pieces.  The potatoes were whipped smooth.  Could these have been instant potatoes?  I tried to figure it out but came up blank because there were bits of potato not familiar to instant potatoes.  The beans and bacon were tasteless; I put a piece of bacon in my mouth and it was so bland I could have been chewing on paper and not know the difference.  The toast had just a hint of garlic.  I had maybe three bites while constantly eyeing the big slice of banana cream pie that was just beginning to be consumed by the person next to me."Would you like a slice of pie for dessert?"  Oh hell yes!  I ordered a slice of the fresh strawberry and asked for some whip cream (yelp.com/biz_photos/FCIu).  The pie was outstanding.  Big, fresh and ripe strawberries with a sweetened glaze were piled high atop a thin layer of custard.  There is very little crust on this pie just a bottom layer underneath the custard.  It was delicious, and I know the person sitting next to me was constantly eyeing my slice of pie because I saw her.Free drink refills and excellent service.  2 stars for the diner plus 5 + stars for the pie.  I know it's way out there in San Mateo, but I will be back for pie and pie alone!... Let's see I'll have one of the fresh peach (yelp.com/biz_photos/FCIu), one of the fresh strawberry (yelp.com/biz_photos/FCIu), a slice of the lemon cream, a slice of the chocolate cream, a slice of the blueberry sour cream, mmm maybe a slice of the banana ...
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2008,10/10/2008,2300,8619,4,16,10>Hopefully the curse of the old Q space is over. Pampas has transformed the abandoned brick building into a formal somewhat post modern venue. There's a lounge/bar area up front where you can participate in a smaller menu, imbibe, and watch whatever local game's on. Otherwise you can move down either side of the restaurant along the walls or head up to the upper tied located in the center. Lots of dark woods, glass and white linen go throughout. There are two MC Escher-like chandeliers of swirled metal that hang above everything. We were seated at one of the larger tables along side the left wall within hoping distance to the fairly extensive salad bar. I had brought pretty much the whole operations team from my company and if you know operations people, they are some hard hitting, big time meat eating folk.After looking at the menu the choice was easy; hit up the unlimited rodizio and side bar. You have a choice of eating at the side bar only for significantly less in addition to the choice of Seafood skewers, and single entrees. The menu is as follows:Apppetizers:- Crispy polenta crusted calamari with peppers and pineapple-Steamed clams with Linguica-Prawn Cocktail with malagueta pepper (one of my faves) glaze and avocado relish-Vegetable empanadas with curry, parmesan, and smoked tomato oureeEntrees:-Ribeye steak with potato-butternut squash puree, celery root and pearl onions-Alaskan Halibut with potato gratin, passion fruit and crispy beets-Duck breast with orange-star anise glaze, dried cherry risotto, endive and walnuts- Garbanzo stew with eggplant, tomato, ginger and couscous.So you see this is a tale of two separate restaurants. All the above doesn't involve the rodizio at all which has:-Picanha - Brazilian top sirloin-Maminha - tri tip with rock salt and olive oil-Cordeiro - leg of lamb marinate in yogurt, garlic, mint-Lamb Chop - marinated with garlic and ginger-Lombo1 - pork tenderloin with a dry run-Lombo2 - pork tenderloin with parmesan-Sirloin1 - with garlic and herbs-Sirloin2 - with parmesan-Frango - chicken legs/thighs marinated in white wine and herbs-Frango Picante - chicken legs/thighs marinate with garlic, spicy peppers, and vinegar-Linguica - Brazilian pork sausage-Presunto - ham slow roasted with pineapple-Peru - turkey breast wrapped in bacon-Fraldinha - skirt steak with onion and herbNeedless to say this is a lot of meat for the unlimited rodizio. If that's not enough for you there are seafood skewers in addition that you can order a la carte:-Lobster tail-Prawns with olive oil and lemo-Scallops with garlic-Scallops wrapped in baconActually I think you make this 3 restaurants in one depending on how you break up what they offer, with the 3 menu sections being the most obvious. Between the 10 of us (who've collectively been to about 35 different churrascos), we  tried all of the rodizio and then sprang for some dessert, with one of them notably containing bacon, if you didn't get enough meat already. It was pointed out to me that their dessert chef is on top chef but since I don't get Bravo I had no idea. I did recognize however that we were seated next to the owners, GM and another manager who we got to talking briefly. Very friendly people and they were definitely glad to see how full their opening night is. They told us that come May 12, you'll be able to go here for lunch. The service was definitely top notch, they were trying their best to please though there were some small hiccups here and there but nothing major. I think for those who think Cleo's or Espetus up north is  too salty, this place will fit the bill. I actually thought some of the cuts were undersalted but then it depends on how close to the crust you are because the skirt steak, picanha and Frango  were perfectly cooked. I wish I could remember some of the sides but I wasn't really paying attention to that. Lots of traditional and some various fusion selections; all very fresh.I think after a couple of weeks they'll have everything ironed out and I'll be returning for again for the regular entrees, again for the seafood skewers, and then again for the rodizio. :) 4.5 stars.--------------------------------------------------­-----------------------------------------New Brazilian Churrascaria taking over the site of the Q Cafe.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2008,10/9/2008,97,283,5,7,7>Before there was Krispy Kreme and Dunkin Donuts there was and still is ROLLING PIN DONUTS!  No other donut shop can compare.  As a child of the 70s/80s I have lots of memories of my dad dropping by here before coming home from work to buy us a box of a dozen assorted donuts.  Then in high school my friend worked at the now closed location across the street from South City high to give me day old donuts after her shift ended.  I used to have this for breakfast every morning before walking across the street to school. YUM. So why do I love this place most of all compared to every single donut shop I've ever tried? 1. Their regular/chocolate glazed donuts are HUGE and fluffy 2. Custard filled donut holes with regular glazed and chocolate glaze over regular glaze 3. Best apple fritters, lots of apple chunks and the right amount of cinnamon 4. Coffee ain't too bad either.  5. Their donuts don't taste like anyone elses.  Every single time I go to a donut shop no matter what location, why do they all taste like they came from the same bakery?  If you don't like Rollin Pin it's probably because you're used to the bland donuts out there.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2008,10/8/2008,263,388,8,11,11>FIVE FAT STARS for some good, clean fun intertwined with a physical workout!!!  This evening of badminton kicked my a**!  I was sweating BUCKETS before our first 30-minute session was over - and I don't mean 'perspiring;' I mean SUH-WET-ING.By far, one of the best cardiovascular workouts I've had in a while; And I've recently started jogging and running up/down bleachers - badminton had my heart racing throughout our time on the court.  I do have to say that there was a lot of laughing/giggling goin' on so that was partly to blame for being winded between rallies.I wholeheartedly agree with Jessica T.'s advice - "come here... if you feel like you want to get out more... exercise more... and don't want to do it alone."  Some particulars:- $8 after 4p.m. on a weeknight for unlimited play!  *each 'session' is 30 minutes; tonight, the place looked packed but we were able to grab/keep our court for our twosome for an equivalent of about three sessions;  otw, if space was limited, you'd have to share with others;- upon entering, the people at the front desk are super-friendly and explain everything very efficiently and thoroughly;- they have change rooms, complete with lockers and two shower stalls for the women;  I giggled, at first, thinking how 'hardcore' you'd have to be to shower here, but believe me - I would've preferred to shower before goin' out to eat in public if I had an extra set of clothes;- huge, vast space; and you can sit on the sidelines (bleachers) on either side of the courts so every court is pretty visible for spectators;- if you have carpal tunnel syndrome, it would be wise to make sure you use some grip tape (i.e. don't just drive over to the nearest Target store, buy a pair of rackets and shuttlecocks for $10.29, and have at it!  use grip tape - trust me);- not as intimidating as I thought it might be; you can come decked out in your finest badminton attire and footwear OR just come in a tshirt, shorts and running shoes; either way, you'll fit right in (don't get me wrong, I am sooo gonna sport a cute tennis skirt soon and I WILL justify buying a racket cover for my fly-swatting racket);- wide screen t.v. in lobby with plenty of seating and tabletop surfaces AND free wi-fi;- after we got in about an hour and a half workout session, we just chilled on the bleachers and watched other games which was entertainment enough while we cooled off;- their computerized queue system is pretty cool and straightforward;  you can keep time while on court by viewing the large projection screen indicating how much time you have left in your session;Props to my pal, "Sweet and Sour" for trying something new with me!
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2008,10/7/2008,183,131,3,7,6>Every time I step into Little Sheep, I walk out with a big smile on my face! This is the BEST place if you are craving for hot pot.  The decor is nice and clean.  There's a private area for big groups (15-20pp) , cute round tables for groups of 6 or more, and very comfortable tables for groups of 4. The food is...well, you cook it yourself! But what is so special and what makes a hot pot a real hot pot are the soup base.  They offer 2 types, spicy and non-spicy (herbal).  I personally love the SPICY soup!!!   YUMMY!!  You should order "HALF & HALF", just so you won't kill your taste buds or if someone in the gang can't stand spiciness.    They also have a wide variety of fresh meat or cooked (i recommend the lamb shank, or skewers) and a whole load of Veggies for vegan/ vegetarian. The SERVICE: excellent! you don't expect much positive services from an HK style restaurant, but they are really really nice!  no attitudes!  The Price: fair, a little on the pricey side for chinese food.  2 people expect about $50The Spicy soup base + great service earned them  BIG 5 Stars! - until i find out the secret recipe, i will be back -Be prepare to STINK though!
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2008,10/6/2008,751,680,9,17,15>I still stop here in the morning 4 times a week before I make my trek to work in San Jose.  Bear claws are still good with their brown sugar and almond paste filling, and sliced almonds on the outside.Amaretti cookies are still the best.  Nice soft, yet chewy texture, and sweet almond taste goes well with a cup of coffee.  Brought in a box of these cookies to work: a dozen with pinenuts, a dozen without.  Offered left them in my office and offered them to my coworkers.  Like seeing their faces after their first bite.  It's always "What are these?", followed by "Um-mm, these are good!", then followed with a hand going into the box for another.The ladies who work here in the morning recognize me, and always welcome me by name.  Coming in here reminds me when I grew in in SF's North Beach.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2008,10/5/2008,234,115,10,10,10>I needed a nice but not pretentious place to take my S.O. for his belated birthday dinner on the way to a concert at the Shoreline Amphitheater.  After talking to my friend, I decided to try this place out since I've heard so much about the food.Wow...this place was realllllly good!  It was a bit dark in there, but with a nice ambiance.  I checked out the surroundings and I really want to go back and hang out at the bar some time.  We had an early dinner to make the show and not deal with the later crowd at the restaurant.  Thank goodness because by the time we left every seat at the bar was full and the restaurant had a wait.  We ordered the cornbread to start things off.  Oh boy....I could totally taste the butter but it was so good I didn't care.  It was moist with nice crunchy (not burnt) edges.  It had a lot of flavor, other than just butter, and there was a LOT of it.  In fact, I still have some more downstairs.  (YAY for me!)For our entrees he ordered the Barbecued Beef Back Ribs with mashed potatoes colcannon and broccoli subbed for the coleslaw.  Wow...those were some awesome ribs.  Large, tender slabs of meaty goodness that didn't need any sauce.  They were very flavorful and cooked to perfection.  FINGER LICKIN' GOOD!  ha ha  Those potatoes were delish, too.  I'm not sure what was in them but I'd like that recipe...or maybe not because I might eat them all the time.  he heI ordered the "Hacked" Chicken Salad Arugula with Rotisserie chicken along with honey-lime vinaigrette and peanut sauce.  Note that I ordered the dressings on the side...and I'm glad I did because I only put a small amount of each on my salad, mixed it up and it was good to go.  A little really went a long way in the flavor department.  Plus that chicken was really tender and juicy.  I was so excited and think I ate everything but a few of the chip strips...since I was trying to be healthy and all...NOT!  =)Last but not least...I made a "deal" that I would take some cornbread home to allow myself permission to get a dessert.  (Funny, I know...the waiter thought so, too.)  We got the homemade Oreo dish.  WOW...that is to die for.  I really stuffed myself to an ill state because I couldn't stop eating it.  2 large oreos made with ice cream in the middle between crushed oreos to make the sandwiches...and then covered in a large mound of delicious homemade whipped cream topping on a sea of thick, rich fudge.  OOOhhh la la!  I scraped that bad boy CLEAN I tell ya!  Would have licked it if I wasn't in public.  Fun but chill place.  No one was dressed up...lots of jeans and shorts.  (Maybe that was partly because we were there on the earlier side.)  For the 2 meals, appetizer and dessert it was just under $80 with tip.  A little pricey, but definitely worth the quality of food and the service.  Note that our water was never more than half empty...and the glasses were tiny.  I also have to give props to the manager...that is one good-lookin' wait staff!  I'm looking forward to going back to try some more items.  I'm full just thinking about it...
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2008,10/4/2008,428,2224,12,11,10>My coworker (being more Japanese than I although he is Chinese) brought me some goodies from here. OH MY @#$ @#%@%@$$%#$% GOD! LITTLE FISHIES FILLED WITH CHOCOLATE? NUTELLA? CREAM? RED BEAN? ARE YOU SERIOUS!  Warming these up in the office I got glares of jealousy from my high school students... it smelled amazing. These when paired with espresso are gone in 2.3 minutes. LMAO... to add to the hysterical-ness of my coworker-- who is totally blunt and sometimes is called an a-hole(but is a sweet guy) he asked the person behind the counter if breams was supposed to be a cruel joke because my people (Japanese) cannot pronounce certain combos of American words..... to my laughter and his disappointment... Breams is not intended to be a cruel joke..but the name of the fish that is the shape of these little packages of goodness.. Charles I heart you... only you can get away with some nonsense like that...
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2008,10/3/2008,658,593,14,16,16>This has been in my bookmark list for the pass 6 months probably. Finally had the chance to try it this week! Located in the Tanforan mall, which is for some reason, not so popular since it was practically empty, I think I will be coming here more often since one, Monster Dessert is here, and two, FOREVER 21 is here and hardly anyone was there! No lining up!This place has probably the most confusing menu, at least to my friend and I. We were literally standing there staring at the menu for the longest time trying to figure out how to order and what to order. We waited until another customer order just to see how she ordered before we embarrassed ourself by ordering wrong.They have soo many options to choose from that it gave me a headache. Everything looked so good but we decided to go with the teaser size of  strawberry mixer. You get creamed shaved ice with strawberry and your choice of another fruit. We chose mango. For $4.50, you get a lot! Even though it may sound expensive since you're paying $4.50 for ice and fruits and you're really paying for the fruit, I think it's worth it. The teaser size is definitely enough for two. It was huge and the fruits almost toppled over the cup. Fruits were fresh and sweet. Mango was so good! The creamed ice... mmmmm I love sweetened condensed milk!!!! OMG so good. I can't wait to try more...(F.Y.I: If you like sweetened condensed milk, toast a French style bread, the one the use for a Vietnamese sandwich, and have a bowl of sweetened condensed milk on the side and dip pieces of the bread into it. It is GOOOD. Also, as a beverage, crack an egg yolk into a glass cup, add sweetened condensed milk, and club soda, mix it with a spoon. That shit is fucken BOMB!
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2008,10/2/2008,318,202,12,20,14>oh...OH MY....OH MY GAWD!!These cupcakes are DELICIOUS!! I was one of those crazy people who stood in line on opening day to get one of the delectable cupcakes.  After 30 minutes of waiting I finally was able to enter this sweet smelling bakery. YUMM...just looking at these cupcakes made my mouth drool.  Normally, I'm not a huge fan of sweets..and I didn't understand the whole cupcake craze until I met Sprinkles. Sprinkles MEET your new BEST FRIEND - ME! ok..ok..so I ordered the following flavors and here are my favs in order:1. Strawberry: I knew there was a reason this flavor was sold out - so I waited for 5 minutes while they finished frosting a batch that just came out of the oven. My friend and I knew we had to try this Strawberry right away because it was fresh and oh man...when I took a bite of it - I felt like I died and went to heaven. Seriously. It was so good, I was not ashamed of stuffing my face with that cupcake with all those people in line staring at me in disbelief. Sorry - I didn't mean to rub it in...actually I did!! :) haha...The cake was so light and fluffy and tasted of sweet and slightly tart strawberries. And the frosting?! oh...the frosting. It was sweet, creamy and full of strawberry goodness all at the same time. What I liked the most is biting into the soft cupcake and then the creamy frosting and getting a slight crunch from the strawberry that had lightly crusted over.2. Vanilla Milk Chocolate: The best of both worlds - what more can you say? It's almost like eating a vanilla cupcake and then dipping it in creamy milk chocolate. drool.....3. Red Velvet: I'm surprised that this one came in third, but it wasn't as good as the first two. But still good nonetheless. The cream cheese frosting was MUCH better than Kara's but I still feel like it needed a little more cream cheese flavor.4. Vanilla:  Still very good - but there's no way it stood a chance against the other three flavors.SERVICE: The service is impeccable. The lady who took my order was totally acommodating and instead of just handing me my cupcakes, she called me over and thanked me for waiting and apologize! Girlll....you don't need to apologize. The line was insane outside! I felt sorry for the poor workers.  VALUE: The cupcakes were a good size. You can get a good 8 bites (depending on how hungry you are) out of these cupcakes. I got 8 cupcakes for $26 and yes it's a little pricey, but one bite of these cupcakes and you forget what you even paid for them. In conclusion. I L-O-V-E this place. LOVE. LOVE. LOVE. Tip: If you can get a cupcake fresh - WAIT. It's so worth it. I have a feeling that there may be a wait for some flavors on opening week...but the fresh ones are really good!  The only thing I don't love about this place is that it's good and SO BAD FOR YOU!!  I swear I felt my butt get bigger after eating their cupcakes. Oh well...you live life only once, right?! :)This is officially the BEST cupcake store EVER.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2008,10/1/2008,83,205,9,13,11>I am not sure why I haven't reviewed this place yet, because it's amazing. My boyfriend mentions wanting to go to Rainbow Pizza usually once every 2 weeks if I'm lucky, and I understand his cravings because the pizza here is unlike any other pizza I've had. One slice of this pizza probably weighs about a pound, they seriously load the toppings on that high! My favorite is the #2, the Greek American Pizza with Salami, Pepperoni, bell peppers, onions, fresh mushrooms, Italian Sausage, feta cheese, smocked bacon. Believe me, if you are into combo pizza's this one is worth a taste! I normally like the margarita style pizza, definitely less is more, but not with this monster. Their toppings are all high quality, especially their feta, which I absolutely love. Two slices of this behemoth should fill up any stomach. And when you get it fresh from the oven, the crust is still nice and crispy...mmm...Not a fan of pizza? Rainbow has got you covered. They offer a ton of different items that are equally appetizing. I am always happy when someone from my party gets something else off the menu so that I can try that too, because I can't seem to get away from their pizza's. They are just too good, and being in San Mateo, it's not a common stop for us.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2007,9/30/2008,106,25,2,4,4>I just took my sweet Sophie here the other day for a grooming.The staff are all very friendly, and they make sure to get your pets name correct and treat them the same way we treat them, as royalty ;)I was satisfied enough with the grooming.  Not having taken a cat to a groomers before, I wasn't sure what to expect, but she was clean, smelled great and they even trimmed her bum for me, er, rather for her ;)I don't know if $50 is a lot for cat grooming, but Petco wanted $65...so I will most likely go back here.  Plus they seemed knowledgeable about pet food and what is best for special needs pets.PLUS, there is parking in back, so you don't have to fight the old folks for a spot on Laurel st!
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2008,9/29/2008,130,305,3,5,6>I'm 26 years young! What better way to celebrate than dinner with 20 of my closest friends and lobster - the best crustacean ever?ATMOSPHERE:* Doesn't take reservations, so I emailed Russell (the owner) and he responded right away! He was so friendly and wonderful... Russell, if you're reading this, THANK YOU!* Sort of in the middle of nowhere... the "shack" is part of a strip mall next to a Supercuts* Was able to reserve their entire "boat section"... we were sorta up on a platform, felt like we had the whole restaurant to ourselves!* Service was suuuper friendly, accomodating, and attentive! Shay and everyone else who helped us that night, if you're reading this, THANK YOU! They poured wine for us and even gave me a wine glass to bring home as a bday present. Only con was that they charge 25% gratuity for big parties! I mean, seriously? 25%?!?! It's unheard of! * Informal... and we could be as loud as we wanted. Decoration was cheesy charming with its boat/oceanic theme. There were long, picnic-type tables, toy lobsters, and fashionable, plastic bibs that were totally meant for fun pictures. * Everything (including appetizers) was in the $20 range... but c'mon... it's lobster... FOOD: * Lobster cakes were teeny tiny, but delish. Mussels in white wine and calamari couldn't compare to Phil's in Moss Landing. To summarize, don't order appetizers. Stick with all main courses that include the word "lobster" in it and you'll be golden.* I shared the naked lobster roll and the lobster mac n' cheese with the bf. Both were heavenly! I highly, highly recommend ordering the lobster roll because not only is it a New England treat, it's the restaurant's speciality. I like the naked roll because I'm not a big fan of mayo. With the naked, you get a side of mayo and can add however much you want. I just like to drizzle butter over my lobster meat. The roll was fresh-baked, buttery, golden - perfectly made! The lobster tasted FRESH and they were generous with it. The chunks were huge and satisfying. Mmm... drooling as I type, how attractive. We ordered the mac n' cheese because, well... how could you not? They were generous with the lobster chunks there too. Sauce was creamy and non-artifical... this is homemade stuff! * I was surprised with a huge cube of blueberry bread pudding and it was very good! There was a candle and an eruption of "Happy Birthday" and it was beyond lovely. Especially since my friend and her date are professional opera singers... wow!  IN A MOUTHFUL: Will definitely return when I'm missing my second home - New England. I really wanted to give Old Port Lobster Shack 5 stars BUT really, 25% gratuity? All my friends were baffled and so was I. That aside, thank you Old Port Lobster Shack for a greeeat birthday!**UPDATE**Russell (the owner) read my complaints on the 25% gratuity and he emailed me 2/8/2008. He said: "When we do full service for a table, depending on the time involved and how the bill is presented we might add 10-15% tops, never 25%.  This is unheard of even in 5 star restaurants.  Please except my apologies and I am going to mail you half that amount back, and some gift cards for your next lobster craving."NOW THAT'S WHAT I CALL SERVICE!!!! If this isn't 5 star service, I don't know what is. Thank you, Russell.**YET ANOTHER UPDATE**It's been almost a month, but I still haven't received the money or gift cards that Russell (the owner) promised me... I hope he doesn't go back on his word!!**FINAL UPDATE**I know a few of you have been wondering what happened... well, I'm pleased to say that it was a happy ending. Finally got the check and the gift cards. Thanks to everyone and to the OPLS.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/21/2008,9/28/2008,449,368,9,11,13>I've always been a huge fan of "urban suburban" districts, and luckily in the Bay Area, there is no shortage of them. For those looking to get away from the sometimes suffocating chaos of the mall, these open air, walkable areas provide many of the amenities of the city - shops, boutiques, cafes, high end restaurants, nightlife, etc. - with one major advantage - convenience and parking.Although none of them rival my favorite urban suburban downtown, Pasadena, the Bay Area's quaint versions stand very well on their own. From San Mateo to Walnut Creek to Burlingame, and even up and comers such as, dare I say,  *gasp* Hayward and Old Oakland, each provides its own character and charm to attract the masses from all around. Sure, nothing beats heading out to SF, but sometimes you just don't feel like dealing with the maddening crowds and traffic.Best of all, in addition to the shopping and restaurants, many of these locales offer lounges and bars such as Burlingame's popular Vinyl Lounge. Drinks may be a bit more expensive than at the big boys, but there is no cover charge, and patrons are generally more relaxed, just out to have a good time. Long gone are the days when the only bars in the suburbs were the Patrick Swayze Roadhouse dives, right next to Pokey's adult book store. They have all given way to more modern, sophisticated joints that attract higher end clientele.Now, although I wouldn't exactly call Vinyl Lounge "upscale," it does have aspirations to be. The drinks area is nicely laid out, with absolutely sizzlin' hot, emo rocker blonde bartenders. This place actually reminds me a lot of EZ5 (yelp.com/biz/ez5-san-fra) in SF, but just replace all the Chinese people with preppy Peninsula folks. Above all, the beats are knockin' like Jehovah's Witnesses, without the overplayed current batch of typical "hit pop" jingles. On one night, I heard everything from hair metal to new jack swing to gangsta rap to techno. Furthermore, one night of the week is strictly alloted to 80's jams (I believe it is Wed). Although Vinyl Lounge is somewhat on the small side, you don't really get the claustrophobic, "packed sardine" feeling. In addition, since this is the Peninsula, thugs are not part of the equation.In closing, while certainly not a replacement for the gamut of bars and clubs in either SF or SJ, customer interest in places like Vinyl Lounge is quite high. As more and more of these urban suburban strips start to materialize all around the Bay, you best believe that the demand for more Vinyl-esque establishments will only grow stronger. I mean, after a night of debauchery, who in their right mind would prefer to stumble 14 blocks back to their vehicle - or shell out $57 bucks to the valet - over the luxury of parking right across the street?
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/26/2008,9/27/2008,49,130,8,7,6>Why the place is named after a DC Comics superhero I'll never know. It clearly doesn't possess a power ring to control the physical world with, unless you count the strangle-hold it has over your wallet with the $3 pints on offer during happy hour. But even then that's a bit of a stretch.Cheap glasses of Hoegaarden, Bass, and other assorted beers aside, this place emits a Champagne Room-via-Suburban Chinese Restaurant feel, which wasn't what I was looking for when my work crew and I rolled in. We're regulars at the ever-posh Mervyn's Lounge, so I wasn't exactly ready for a place with actual sofas (red velour!), a menu, and 90s rock music (Live, Oasis, and Gin Blossoms, I kid you not).Bottom line is if you're looking to try somewhere new there's no harm, but Sinestro and I will stick to our Monday Night Football and $3.50 Tanqueray & tonics at Mervyn's.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2008,9/26/2008,801,1755,9,9,8>Froyo: of the not-so-tart variety. I've grown to love the original tart, and I also love their new mango flavor. It's so refreshing. Toppings: somewhat minimal variety. My favorites are the raspberry puree which goes great with original tart.Mochii: of the EXCELLENT variety. This is an absolute must-order topping.Best plain mochii I've had, Clear Optometry has good flavored but highly mediocre (at best) plain mochii. Mochii Yogurt in Sacramento also has homemade mochii but it is waaaay more mooshy.Now, if only I could combine Clear Optometry heaping portions, with Harmony's original Frozen Yogurt, and Fraiche's plain mochii....
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2008,9/25/2008,14,16,6,12,8>This was our menu (split between two people). I wanted to do Omakase, but I couldn't resist ordering straight from the white board all of my familiar favs. So I ordered some things myself, and the chef filled in the rest.KampachiAmaebiBlue Fin ToroAjiUniAkami (Red Blue Fin Toro)Pike MackerelTairagi (Shellfish)Flying FishShimaji (Striped Jack)ButterfishAnago w/ Anago BoneEverything was flown in from Japan except toro, akami, and anago.It was delicious! It's so very hard to find good quality sushi (traditional kind, not rolls) in the Bay. I do have a favorite place in Berkeley - Sushi Sho, but nothing else has ever come close to the quality of fish. Sakae sushi was recommended to me by a friend, and I must say, I do approve. But the type of fish experience is very different. Sakae has so much more variety of fish. Very good flavors, very big portions. Not that Sushi-Sho is not as good, but just different. Portions are HUGE!I spent about $85 on the meal including tax and tip. This seems expensive, but it was because we ordered all the special fish flown in from Japan. *Went again yesterday night and ordered the Omakase sashimi platter (beautiful presentation, and excellent Amaebi, Kampachi, and Hotate sashimi) as well as other fish from the white board. Tried some of the ones we had before, and the chef recommended the Alfosino nigiri, another winner. Also, if you love Uni like me (it's my favorite!), be careful to order the Uni from Japan (I believe it was from Hokkaido). The chef has two kinds of uni - we tried both. Very big difference.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,7/22/2014,390,76,9,13,11>AUTHENTICITY COUNTS!It was a late dinner for us; 9:00pm on a Sunday.  I immediately felt at home with the slightly dimmed lights and simple, uncluttered decor.  I felt I could simply relax and enjoy a quiet dinner.Authenticity is key.  Subtle clues throughout, confirmed that we were about to enjoy a taste of Nihon delight!  From the unique menu absent of the typical mainstream highlights, the Japanese earthenware to the young male server striking up conversations in Japanese, provided enough visual clues to me, that we were about to enjoy a very authentic Japanese meal.  But wait, it can't be all about the looks; the true test is in the taste.My BF had been there for lunches, but it was our first time for dinner.  He started off by ordering me a cold, sweet plum wine; sweet, but not syrupy.  It was perfectly refreshing after spending a day in the hot sun, as it also complemented my meal.  OUR DINNER LINE UP:* Agedashi Tofu (deep fried) with Scallops ~ Served in a thick "soupy" sauce.  This was the best Agedashi tasted to date!  The delicious sauce was thickened, as to adhere to the tofu, giving it a great flavor all around.  The sauce was so delicious that I used it as an accompaniment to my plain white rice.* Octopus and Seaweed Su-No-Mono ~ Marinated in a dashi vinegar.  The chunks of octopus were delectable.  The octopus lay on a bed of 2 varieties of seaweed, sprinkled with sesame seeds and slivers of radish.  The sweet and tart marinade is perfect for bringing out the delightful flavors of the octopus.* Salmon Skin Hand Roll & Sushi:  Hotate (scallop), Sake (salmon) & Hamachi (yellowtail).  Their sushi is fresh and the texture and flavor of the rice is exacting which is a necessity when making sushi rice.* Chawan-Mushi ~ Steamed egg soup (custard-like) with Shiitake mushroom, shrimp, chicken, eel & spinach.  Now, this dish brings back childhood memories, as my mother used to make this for the family.  Although it was good at KNN, I'd have to say that my mother's was better.  It was nice to experience this dish again, as not a lot of Japanese restaurants include this very home style appetizer on their menu.* Black Cod Saikyo Yaki ~ Seasoned with a sweet rice miso, then grilled.  This dish was simply devine.  The tender cod was infused with the delightfully sweet marinade...it was mouth-watering delicious!When both the appearance and flavors are in accord, that is what makes for a wonderful dining experience.  Here, authenticity is what fueled my satisfaction, as we both look forward to returning.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,7/21/2014,905,867,6,19,14>Doppio Zero is the latest Neapolitan-style pizza to debut in the Bay Area and it's well placed on the busy and popular Castro Street.  For those who follow the local dining scene, there have been many of these pizzerias opening from the traditional Terun in Palo Alto to the more creative Vesta in Redwood City and Oak & Rye in Los Gatos.  [Local S's informative review has more details regarding Doppio Zero being a much smaller subset that are officially licensed by the Naples AVPN trade group.)The hallmark of each is quality ingredients and a top-notch wood fire brick oven.  Doppio Zero continues that trend and it's name is a reference to the "Double Zero" flour used in Italy's famous pizzas. We arrived on a weekday and were happy to find that they were open for lunch.  The interior is a spacious and comfortable one with several rustic cues and a color palette that reminds me of Restoration Hardware (I like RH).   There's a bar counter dining area as well as a few outdoor and plentiful indoor tables.  We sat inside with a great view of the brick oven where the magic happens.  The menu is a surprisingly extensive one with numerous appetizers, salads, as well as the aforementioned pizzas, calzones, and even a fried pizza or two (pizza fritta).  The appetizers were particularly drool worthy with baby octopus, arancini, and burrata cheese all striking my fancy.  In many ways, it reminded me of the excellent Scopa in Healdsburg.  Our order:Polpetta - savory and rich marinara sauce covers tender, fresh made meatballs. Tasty and flavorful.  We actually tried this as it was mistakenly taken to our table.  No worries!Popletti - baby octopus cooked in a marinara sauce with olives and lots of caper.  Like the other dish, this was great.  Very flavorful, tender octopus and soft olives and capers that just enhanced the dish.  Worthy of the Scopa comparison. Doppio Zero Pizza - burrata cheese, prosciutto and plentiful arugula.  The pizza was nicely sized and great for sharing for two.  The crust was crisp but not burnt like my version at Terun. The prosciutto, arugula, and burrata are all cooked just slightly (warm vs melting or crisp) and while I was initially worried, I savored it in between the fantastic thin crust (a touch salty and so enjoyable).  The pizza dough really is wonderful here and pulls all the ingredients together. Overall, we had a great lunch at Doppio Zero.  The interior is warm and inviting and it's clear this will be a popular spot on Castro Street.  There were a few hiccups with service but they've just opened and are extremely friendly.  The appetizers were great and the pizza is the real deal.  While it's strictly traditional Neapolitan-style here (vs the more creative Vesta/Oak &Rye versions) it's just as good.  I'm glad Doppio Zero has arrived and look forward to trying more of the menu. Doppio Zero accepts credit cards, including American Express.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,7/20/2014,116,108,5,7,5>This is the definition of a hidden gem. It's a tiny grocery store that I definitely wouldn't have found if weren't for Yelp. So if you're reading this, congrats! You've found the hidden easter egg in Menlo Park! Nak's has a great assortment of imported goods from Japan and other parts of Asia, but the most important reason to come is for MANGOSTEEN.If you've never had mangosteen, it's a purple fruit from Southeast Asia known as the "queen of the fruits." When I lived in Singapore and Hong Kong, I would eat it as often as I could - there's no beating the combination of light sweetness with a hint of citrus. Nak's also has a bunch of other good stuff. I come here for soba noodles, soba dipping sauce, sweet tofu dessert and other assorted snacks. They also have some produce too so if I only have time to make one stop I'll pick up some cheap produce as well.More than just the specialty goods though, is the service! The first time I went to get mangosteen, Ken felt bad giving me what he said were slightly older ones, so he opened a couple and let us eat them right on the spot! They were absolutely delicious to me so I didn't know what he was going on about. He also gave us some free tofu dessert too!Overall this place is a great, local business that has fantastic specialty food and great service. I know I'm shooting myself in the foot by advertising how great it is (less mangosteen for me!), but really everyone should know about this place. Go and grab your queen today!
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,7/19/2014,273,395,4,6,5>I have been looking for snow ice in the Bay Area for 2.5 years now.  I have been to a few places that serve it and heard of others, but by far, HoneyCreek has the best one that I've tried!  Not only do they have a wide variety of flavors, sauces and toppings, but they also have the right consistency.  The portion is large, great to share!Two of my friends and I went last night, and we each ordered our own.  If I went with one person, I might just share one... But here's the breakdown of what we ordered - OsmanthusMango w/ Condensed MilkTaro w/ Condensed Milk and Lychee JellySnow ice on it's own is $6.99.  Sauces are additional; however, condensed milk is free.  Then toppings are either an additional $0.75 or $1.00 each, depending on what was selected.The way that we ordered (inclusive or exclusive of sauces/toppings) was actually perfect for each flavor.  Osmanthus, a floral flavor, was sweet on it's own.  If anything additional was added, it would just have been too sweet.  It was subject to debate at the table whether the mango needed or didn't need the condensed milk.  But we all agreed that the taro with condensed milk and lychee jelly was a great combination.An observation worth noting - as the snow ice melted, the mango flavoring started tasting more and more artificial.  My friends said that they noticed grittiness, probably due to powdered flavoring used.  Then as the osmanthus melted, it started getting sweeter, almost syrup like sweet.  However, even if the taro is artificially flavored (and I wouldn't be surprised if it was), it still held up it's flavor.When I go back, I definitely want to try the green tea and rose flavors.I think it's great that Downtown Mt View has a cafe like HoneyCreek.  It's something that fits a growing need - open late, serves a wide variety of drinks (alcoholic and non), has food, snacks, and dessert. I was never fond of the previous options that were available. So, "way to go!"
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,7/18/2014,1556,579,13,18,17>They always take care of their customers. Solid Fish Tacos, and apparently great Carne Asada Tacos as well ( more than a couple of my friends have enjoyed them thoroughly right before my very eyes.) Don't expect to be swept away with any kind of fancy-ness; instead expect a clean and comfy atmosphere that's got plenty of little dining tables that are sufficient enough to grab a Mexican beer (with lime and salt, of course), some great, traditional Mexicano  grub and maybe even catch a game in the process! It's one of the nicest, hole-in-the-wall taquerias (and so much more) around!Thank you Nikkos, for your consistently good food and charmingly sweet employees!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,7/17/2014,37,254,2,7,5>The Oshman Family JCC's child pool is wonderfully child friendly. Starting at a depth of zero, the pool slowly gets deeper. At the shallow end, toddlers and those unable to swim can play on the frog slide, the 'mushroom' and the circle of water. At the deep end, a small child can learn to float and swim. To top it all off is a fun water slide, though there is a height minimum of 48 inches.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2014,7/16/2014,185,210,4,7,6>The Menlo Grill Bistro & Bar offers a perfect way to start a day with an outdoor brunch.I had duck hash with grilled tomatoes and duck eggs.  It was excellent... as was the coffee.One son had a burger and said it was really good.  My other son had steak and eggs and really liked it.Service was good overall (very personable and accommodating... but a bit slow at times).Dessert was disappointing.  The flour-less chocolate cake lacked the richness that we usually experience and had a bit of an odd aftertaste.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,7/15/2014,452,471,5,8,6>If you want breakfast, you come to Buck's.  There's really no thought about it. Being only a couple of miles from home, I find myself here more than once a month, at least.  The decor is obviously the pull, but the food is great too.  The menu has all of the breakfast/brunch basics and then some awesome specials.  I had 2 eggs and toast, (awesome), while my sister ordered the special oatmeal crusted french toast with berries.  Equally awesome.  The prices are rather steep, but the portions are great and the service is kind. I asked a server whom I recognized how long he'd been working there and he said "12 years", obviously they treat their staff well because after going so often there are lots of friendly, familiar faces.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2014,7/14/2014,207,95,3,7,4>Great gelato spot with lots of flavors to choose from. 2014 Summer Flavors:Honey LavenderStrawberry Fresca Dark ChocolateS'moresVanilla BeanSpumoniPistachioPumpkinCréme Brûlée Raspberry SorbetMango SorbettoStrawberry SorbettoChocolateFresh Banana Walnut Coconut Macadamia NutCaffe MochaMica Almond FudgeCaramel PecanCookie DoughBurgundy CherryFresh Ginger Green TeaCookies and Créme Chocolate HazelnutLycheeStracciatellaBavarian MintWhite Chocolate RaspberryDouble Espresso BeanYes, there is usually a line but it moves pretty quickly. Unfortunately, it is cash only. I love how they open late and are very nice about letting you sample. Very creamy texture that could sometimes mean your gelato can melt quickly. I got a cone and within 5 minutes it was dripping. So be a quick licker! Flavors are natural without any hint of artificial flavoring. You can taste the matcha in the green tea and bits of lychee in the lychee. My favorite is bavarian mint and spumoni. But chocolate hazelnut is popular among the crowds.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2014,7/13/2014,149,60,35,41,37>In this store you feel like you've been transported to Paris. The staff, the tastes, the display items!!  The displays are beautiful and the staff is helpful, and completely non-condescending, even though I don't speak a single word of French ;-)This is an absolute must try if you are walking in downtown Palo Alto - you've NEVER had Macarons as close to Heaven as these are!  The flavors are amazing - Italian Pistachio, Salted Caramel, Earl Grey, Red Velvet, you simply can't go wrong :-)
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,10/21/2014,44,100,5,11,6>This is as good as it gets in terms of pizza on the peninsula. 5 stars for being a good value restaurant in the peninsula. It scores well on all key components:  -- Just excellent Neopolitan pizza the few times we have been here, and not at an     outrageous price.   -- The wines were nice as well, though they might consider adding a few better    wines at the low end price range.  -- The salads were good appetizers.  -- The desert was tasty as well.  -- Snappy service.  -- Nice ambience.One of our favorite places in the peninsula. Why get a chain or American pizza when you get the real-deal Neapolitan goodness around the corner.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2014,10/20/2014,68,316,2,8,4>I was running out of time and patience on my ingredient scavenger hunt. With A.G. Ferrari now closed in Los Altos I was looking for '00' flour for a fried pizza recipe in my Fine Cooking magazine , brown rice oil to fry it in, and whole mini carrots for a gourmet salad out of the same issue. The organic baby whole carrots were on sale $2.99 vs. $4.39!Draeger's Market had all three! If you are looking for specialty products they have an amazing selection of items and amazing prices. There were signs indicating they now enforce parking and will boot and tag your vehicle if you are seen not patronizing their store, so hang on to your receipt!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2014,10/19/2014,342,133,8,11,13>CARLA, CARLA, CARLA: AMAZINGShe is the best massage therapist I've ever had. She is thorough, and very strong. For someone like me who NEEDS DEEP TISSUE. Finally someone who is not afraid to hurt me because I'm small. She really gets in there and loosens all the knots in my neck and back. Her hot stone therapy is soooooooo relaxing. After all the massages I've ever had, I feel like after having Carla, all the others don't count. The pricing is VERY reasonable. Me and my husband are members. He has his favorite too. His therapist is named Ferdinand and my husband raves about his work as well. We love coming for our couples massage. Although our membership is for 1 massage a month, we sometimes come and extra time and just pay a little extra.I recommend that people take advantage of the $49.99 Introductory massage. You'll be hooked! ( that is if you get the right therapist). I once had someone that Carla was training. NOT THE SAME. Carla is the winner in my book.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2014,10/18/2014,95,17,9,8,7>So, I feel I should start my review by saying that my husband and I are addicted to sushi. We were engaged in a sushi restaurant, and have tried sushi on both coasts and in places where the only word on the menu in English was "sushi". We've tried em all, had glorious ups and defeating downs in our never-ending quest for bay area sushi supremacy. We moved into a home in Redwood City about three years ago and our quest for greatness continued. About three months ago a flat tire and series of what we now consider to be pre-destined events led us to walk through the doors of this fine establishment, we came, we dined and we haven't considered another sushi joint since.Amazing fish, amazing sushi chef, and amazing service in a casual and welcoming environment. Have I said AMAZING enough yet? Trust me loyal yelper, I'm repeating myself because my lexicon doesn't contain a word to accurately describe how awesome the food is here. Not convinced yet? Keep reading...  The environment here is casual and relaxed. This is a great place to bring your significant other for a chill night out, or a few friends or family members for some great food and a good time. The service is attentive, prompt, and responsive to special dietary needs and requests. My sake vase is never empty, and I feel like part of the Ahi Sushi family every single time.To say that the chef is amazing (I totally just said it again) would be an understatement. Kevin has talent, not only when it comes to creating interesting and new flavor combinations, but also has some of the freshest and most flavorful fish I have ever had the privilege of gobbling up. From the sashimi to the nigiri and even the most complicated deep fried rolls, whatever your taste in sushi, Kevin's attention to detail and top notch ingredients will blow your mind.Seriously, if you're a hardcore sushi fan, or a beginner get here now, and experience this place for yourself. Do it...now!
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2014,10/17/2014,12,264,6,7,5>Yes, what many people say is true: this place does pastrami very well.  Top it off with some chopped liver and you've got true atherosclerotic goodness.  The price of this sandwich will also shorten your life just a little bit.  Is it overpriced?  Well, I recently taught my kids that technically nothing is overpriced as long as the market can bear it.  And obviously, the sandwich market in tony Menlo Park can bear an $18 reuben ($23 if you want the liver) and beers with single glass prices that are more than many excellent bottles of wine.  Do I see myself paying these kind of prices for pastrami in the future?  Yes, probably, but not too often.This place is famous for its pastrami, and while I think it is very good, it isn't super special either.  The reuben actually suffers from a very bland sauerkraut, which I think should be an easy fix given the amount of care given to the preparation of the meat.  The nachos appetizer is pretty decent; I'm not a big fan of excessive toppings, but at least it's not so wet with ingredients that the chips get soggy.So overall, this is a good place for an upscale sandwich experience.  I haven't commented on the outstanding Belgian beer selection mainly because I've only had a limited sampling of their offerings, but if I stumble across a huge bag of cash someday then I'll start working my way through their drinks menu.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,10/16/2014,364,464,8,12,10>Danielle loves hair and it shows in how she treats your hair!For all things extensions, non pretensious advice and very reasonable pricing, just get an appointment with Danielle. She has worked in the show business with travelling artists and models and knows everything there is to know about hair.She does not take in walkins as she manages her schedule based on your needs. She is open till as long as you would want her to work on your hair and she will never ask you to do stuff that is harmful to your hair.So let me tell you about my experience, I went to her late in the evening in the middle of the week as I was visiting the bay area and my microlink weft extensions were annoying me and wanted to get them removed. I searched on yelp and found her and she immediately accommodated me. She removed the extensions with such gentleness, I wish she could train other hair dressers and she gave me advice on hair color and cut and did a v minimilistic but satisfying job on my cut and told me not to get color done as it would harm my hair.For all the 2+ hours of service she provided, she charged me a $100 only which is awesome for the bay area. Her salon itself is very vintage, charming and has everything you need. She will give you directions to her suite when you call and you have to just follow instructions. Parking isnt an issue at her location.Will definitely come back to Danielle when in bay area coz I can trust her to give me the best service there could possibly be..
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2014,10/15/2014,116,108,7,11,9>Can something be a hidden gem with nearly 200 glowing reviews? Since I've only just found out about this place after three years of living in the Bay Area, I'm going to say yes. You wouldn't think a place so nice and so well-kept would be just a fifteen minute drive from Palo Alto.Go north on Shoreline past the golf course, past where you have that feeling that you shouldn't be there, until you reach the aquatic center. Here you can rent all sorts of floating fun stuff, from pedal boats and stand up paddleboards to canoes and kayaks. The prices are reasonable ($17 to $23 per hour for seating up to four), and they're kid-friendly (though kids less than 2 can't go on). The pedal boats are the best for beginners, but they have something for everyone.After about an hour of water mischief, we found a nice spot of grass overlooking the lake near the nautical-themed playground for a picnic. With beautiful scenic views and a nice lake breeze, there's no better place for satisfying the appetite you worked up while on the water. This is definitely my new favorite recreation spot!
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2014,10/14/2014,424,202,6,8,7>It was a Saturday night (actually, it was last night) and I felt like going out for dinner. I searched for about two(2) hours on the computer debating where I should go. Suddenly, it just hit me -sushi sounds awesome. Unfortunately, every place in Palo Alto seems to be on the expensive side, usually quite slammed (base on my past experience) and usually doesn't taste that different than cheaper spots.LOCATIONProbably difficult to locate if you weren't looking for it. I looked for this spot at night, so luckily they have the "sushi" letters lit.PARKINGThey have a small parking spot around the block; behind the main street. If you are lucky enough to catch it empty, then you should be able to find a parking spot. Otherwise, you will need to find a spot on the street. This private lot is shared with three(3) other businesses.OUTSIDENothing really stands out from the outside (remember, I ate here during dinner time). From my first impression though was that they place looked really small -then again most sushi spots are small.ENTRANCEI was greeted with a sweet, soft waitress (which I find out later on that her name is Katrina -receipt it was printed on). I asked to be seated at the bar (given that I came solo I figure it didn't seem as sad if I were to eat at the bar alone). Happily granted, she placed the menu there and served me water while I debate on what I should consume.INSIDEIt is a rectangular little restaurant. Probably couldn't fit more than 50 people. Upon your entrance, on the left hand side there is the sushi bar and chef. On the right -and pretty much around the bar- has tables for groups of four(4). Upon my entry, there was a group of two(2) and four(4). A few others came in during my dinner which was great for them :)SERVICEKatrina and the Chef was very polite, professional and warm. They really made the ambiance on my Saturday meal very pleasant. I enjoyed it. They both smile when they greeted me and speaking to me. Which I love (you know me and smiles -comes hand-in-hand with customer service).FOODI order (what I usually order at sushi restaurants) a bento box with salmon teriyaki (teriyaki on the side), tempura veggies and usually comes with salad, miso soup, rice and (sometimes) edamame beans. The salmon was very well cooked -tender, full of flavor and the tempura was perfectly cooked. I also ordered a roll (which I do not know the name of because I ordered it for two(2) most important reasons: it was spicy and a tempura sort of roll :)). That was delicious as well and I savored it as long as I could. I ordered a small house saki for myself just to help me relax a bit (I had a long stressful week at work). Once I rested for about 10 minutes or so, I ordered a hand-roll Spicy Hamachi (actually, this was suggested to me by the chef. The last time I ordered something off the menu at a sushi spot, it ended up being incredibly delicious). It was very good. I'm not sure if that was on the menu, but I definitely would trust his recommendation again (should've asked for his name).VERDICTI will be returning here again on my next weekend off. Just because of this spot, I might make my Saturday evenings (when I have it off) a dinner at Oh My Sushi time.Thank you to the chefs and waitress this night (9/13/14), it was a wonderfully pleasant experience. See you soon!
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2014,10/13/2014,186,252,7,7,8>FINALLY I found a massage therapist who knows what a runner's body needs.  Training for a marathon puts quite the toll on your body and I've learned that it is imperative to take care of yourself to put up with the demand of training. Before I saw Jen, I was basically limping after my recent marathon. When I walked in she asked what was hurting/sore. I told her that my legs were VERY sensitive to touch, and she assured me that she would take care of me. She proceeded with the sports tissue massage. OH.MY.GOSH. It hurt soo good on my tight quads and calves! I let her work her magic, and the pressure was perfect. She knew exactly what I needed - deep, slow pressure. She even noticed that my IT band was a bit tight and recommended that I roll it out at home on a foam roller.I try to treat myself to a massage once in a while, and I've seen so many different massage therapists at Burke Williams, Massage Envy, and other random places I've been to. But I'm stopping the search at Jen. She is a completely professional and experienced therapist. Let her know any areas that are tight or sore and she'll work them out. She listens to your concerns and gives you recommendations on treatment and/or stretches that you can do at home.If you have been looking for a massage therapist, stop your search right now! Seriously, stop wasting your time (and money) and make an appointment with Jen.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,10/12/2014,273,395,6,7,7>I finally went into On Your Mark for the first time the other day, when my neighbor mentioned that the sneakers that she was wearing was from that store. In the 2 years that it's been in town, I never thought about going in...I've been missing out.Great store!* Incredibly helpful, knowledgable staff* Amazingly cute apparel* Good selection of shoes, not just running, but for all sorts of trainingI'm still in the middle of deciding what shoe to buy next, but the women who was helping me was very helpful. She recommended:1) bringing in the other pair of shoes that I ordered online to compare against the one in their store2) to bring in my old shoes to see what longevity was left in them, and 3) to come back for a gait analysis.This is a store worth checking out!
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2008,7/17/2009,674,366,13,20,17>While trying to find a good place around University Avenue, I remembered someone mentioning this place to me which is in front of the Aquarius theater and right next to the Chicago pizza place called Paxti's. Apparently it used to be Itapas. What I think about it? Excellent.What can I say about a place I went to 2 times in 2 nights?I even forgot my credit card on the first day when I was leaving because I was pretty  satisfied with this place.The moment you go in, there's a huge projector focused on a part of the huge wall showing some sports events, the noise is low and you can talk over the quiet music going around. There is a jazz band on Wed. from a sign also. Happy Hour is by the bar where the sangria is 4$. The decor is pretty nice and neat. Its a nice meeting place for after work drinks with nibbles. An extensive drinks list, several beers listed which country they came from, several kinds of martinis, mojitos, sangrias and etc. I had sangria on my first night, 3 different types of martinis on my second night. (Yeah I had to try the Appletini twice and Shanghai 1931, I know its a bit of a girly drink but the menu lists all the ingredients that I really wanted to see how it tastes like!)Did I forget to mention to you that the martinis are only 5$ every night, all night long? As for the food, I ordered the Calamari, Dungeoness crab cakes, Ahi Tartare on the first night.Calamari, duck tacos (comes with guacamole, duck sauce, lean duck meat, some mango bits I think) and garlic prawn noodles on the second night. You have to try the duck, it is damn good! The noodles are tasty too. Dishes are good for 2-3 people and they were supposed to be small plates. The service was great, our server or the server who was serving me for 2 nights was very attentive. I was surprised the place wasn't packed on a friday or saturday night. I mean, the drinks are great (5$ martinis in Palo Alto??) and the food is just spectacular. Perhaps everyone is too busy doing Christmas shopping?I am coming back Bistro...errr D'asie (The name escapes me too) and next time with a big group of Yelpers...
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2008,7/15/2009,291,146,6,12,10>I used to come here all the time before I moved to the city. There was this old guy who would make different fresh deserts like Italian wedding cake or Tiramisu. We caught him once at closing time singing an Italian opera (and he was actually good). "Si lo so! Amore che io e te! Forse stiamo insieme!"There are these quirks about the place that are charming. Like the cramped, somewhat bizarre entryway or how they always have the same specials available (swordfish or salmon). I'm not sure why they aren't on the menu since they are *always* mentioned.But really it comes down to the food. Fresh pastas, perfectly cooked veal, excellent risottos, and wonderful deserts. I mean try the heart of palm salad, try the linguine with clams, try the mozzarella. Sure there are a few duds on the menu, but you learn which ones those are and stay clear. I've got so many favorites I'll likely never run into them again.One thing that bugs me: They put ice in the butter dish. Boo! Yes, it probably keeps the butter from turning, but try spreading cold hard butter. I once pulled the ice out and tried heating up the bowl with a flame.What else? It gets busy, so make reservations, and go on slightly off times. Don't get trapped in the minuscule waiting area because you thought of just dropping in at 8pm.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2008,7/14/2009,85,1621,8,10,10>Had our office meeting here today and the facilties look high end as soon as you walk in through the lobby entrance. We will be working right across the street from the Pacific Athletic Club. Our managing partners had coordinated our company luncheon/ meeting here and my dish was tasty and delicious. I opted for the filet mignon which came with a baked potato and steamed vegetables. The filet was cooked to perfection which was surprising. They had these garlic bread slices which I thought were great! Service and the waitstaff was good; friendly and attentive. They offer valet parking. Swanky.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2008,7/13/2009,318,202,5,10,10>Recently came here to pick up cupcakes for some of my friend's birthdays. I called ahead to make sure I got the cupcakes I wanted.  It was sweltering hot that day and I made the mistake of sticking the cupcakes in the back of my trunk while I headed off to target. Sad to say, only 4 of them made it without melting. But the four that did survive were some damn good ones. I tried the red velvet cupcake with the cream cheese frosting. The cake itself was a little on the dense side, but it was still good and the cream cheese frosting was a perfect compliment to the cupcake.  My girlfriend had the chocolate cupcake and was in LOVE.   Needless to say, I don't think their cupcakes are the best ones I've had, but they're definitely THE best in the area. Their cupcakes are not to sweet and pack plenty of flavor. It's the perfect place to go to when you're craving some guilty pleasure.The cupcakes are a little pricey - but their size and quality makes up for it. Now if only they can move a little closer to Palo Alto... :)I think the taste of the cupcakes is somewhere between 3-4 stars, but they really individualize each cupcake and they are so cute - so I bumped it up to a four. :)
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2008,7/12/2009,140,479,3,12,10>$7 for a bowl packed with shaved ice and hella fruit toppings plus gelato? Hell yea! We split the bowl between four of us and I'm pretty sure most of us were happy with it and couldn't stomach anymore, then again we were pretty food coma'd out from Maru Ichi over on Castro. The shaved ice bowl consisted of kiwi, strawberry, mochi, and blueberries placed on top of the shaved ice which was finally topped off with a large scoop of gelato of your choice. Yum. Didn't get a chance to try the froyo here but from what I could tell the portions are relatively large, maybe next time. On another note, not your typical Asian owned store and the decor feels modern and not too overwhelming color wise on the eyes. We managed to take the only soft padded booth seat in the store and it's definitely where you want to be if you come with a group.Also, very friendly and patient service, especially for the indecisive who need time to choose their flavors.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2008,7/11/2009,93,59,4,6,7>Now that I'm finally writing a review of Sibby's, I was trying to think back to when I first discovered them...and I think it was on Yelp! If memory serves, I was randomly browsing for sweet treats - when I get bored, I hop on Yelp to try to find bakeries/ice cream parlors/other teeth-rotting yummies in my area. (Note to self - try gym instead.) In any event, I believe I stumbled upon Sibby's as a happy accident - and I have gotten cupcakes from them twice now. Now, after seeing all of these glowing reviews about this place, you certainly don't need to read mine to convince you to try this place out - but I love reliving my Sibby's experiences, so I'm going to write a review anyway. :) The first time I got an order of Sibby's cupcakes was for a surprise going-away party I was throwing for a friend of mine who was moving from San Francisco back home to the OC. She loves sweets - particularly frosting - and I was throwing the party at a club, so cupcakes seemed like a good option for a grab-and-go dessert. I had looked at their website before ordering so I could familiarize myself with their flavors (yummmm!) and order policies and all that jazz. When I called, they were super nice and I told them that the cupcakes were for a going-away party. I ordered an assortment, thinking we'd take a roll of the dice and enjoy what we were given - and boy, did we! To the best of my knowledge, we received: Carrot Cinnamon (I'm not usually a fan of carrot cake, but these were moist and delicious, with amazing cream cheese icing!)Choco Choco (for the die hard chocoholic - i.e. me)Red Velvet (for Christ's sake, to this day I can't really describe the taste of a Red Velvet cupcake, but they are delicious!) Grandma's Chocolate Tea Cake (my FAVORITE - chocolate and cream cheese cupcake with fudge icing...*drool*...) Snickerdoodle (like the cookie, but a bazillion times better.) They even decorated the cupcakes with drawn-on airplanes, suitcases, and the letters "LA" and everything - their attention to detail is really thoughtful and fun! I went and picked up the cupcakes, as the shop is very close to where I live, and Sibby herself, at the time, gargantuanly preggers, helped me to my car - in the pouring rain - and was an absolute doll. Excellent Sibby's experience #1. My second Sibby's experience was quite a bit like the first - this time, I had ordered cupcakes for a friend's birthday party I was hosting at a club in SF (yeah, that's right, I host bomb-ass parties. Be my friend!!! ;). This friend loves chocolate and is super girly - she loves anything pink and sparkly and cute, and I told Sibby's that, and again, super-cute custom decorating job that my friend loved. I got most of the same flavors as above, but in this order I also got Mmm Good Mocha and Chocolate & Cream. They were, as always, a huge hit at the party - and when the asshole manager of the club where I threw the party told me I shouldn't have brought in outside food (even though I had TOLD the party planner at the club I was bringing these cupcakes!) I was ready to throw down to defend them. Yes, these cupcakes are worth getting thrown out of the Bubble Lounge. They are that damn good. :) I only wish that you could buy just a few, so when I get that Sibby's craving, I could swing by and grab some - I would take any flavor they had, since they're all amazing. Sibby's are the best cupcakes on the Peninsula (yes, I'm talking to you, Sprinkles Palo Alto.) ;)
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2008,7/10/2009,92,303,4,5,4>Depending on the dish you order, this is a great take-out place for vegetarians.  For example, the Kun Pao Eggplant is awesome and tasty (not too spicy).  The Tofu Delight was pretty flavorless - except for the handful of black beans that were thrown in and poisoned the taste (I avoided eating any of them).  The scallion pancakes were fairly tasty but greasy.  I like that everything is served with brown rice (MUCH healthier).  The prices are reasonable and service is fast.  I'll go back again to try more of the spicy dishes (indicated by the red chili pepper on the menu).---------------------------I returned recently and ordered the KUN PAO VEGGIE CHICKEN. Asked for it extra spicy - they "delivered!"  This time, however,  we didn't receive any rice - disappointing.I'll keep coming back because they are one of the only restaurants in the area that is vegan friendly.NOTE: $20 credit card minimum
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2008,7/9/2009,375,796,6,9,8>Truly amazing how many cool items they pack into this tiny, tiny space! Really amazing produce, cheeses, breads, among many other items. When I came here two days ago, I picked up some milk for my cooking, as well as a beautiful portabello mushroom. Soo many things here I want to try! What helped me be a most uncompulsive shopper on my last visit was that the day was Christmas Eve, so the place was very much overrun with shoppers preparing for holiday meals, to the point I would have lost it if I hadn't been able to leave when I did. Not to mention the kids running around in such a crowded place really began to get on my nerves. But not to worry, I hope another trip will prove a little more calm as well as more conducive to browsing all the wonderful wares at The Milk Pail.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2008,7/8/2009,247,87,10,12,11>4.5 StarsCrystal Springs is one of the most beautiful places to run and walk! It's only a few minutes from my home so the convenience is also appreciated.The paved trail is great for the many strollers and baby joggers I've seen there but as much as I can, I try to run on the dirt because pavement isn't so great for the knees. Not always successful, but I try.The view of the lake, trees, and wildlife is positively alluring! Winding in and out of the sun & shade makes for a great balance as well.(And may I mention that there are a lot of "lovely" physiques running and biking out there? Oh gosh, don't act so surprised! Who can't appreciate the discipline and hard work that goes into great abs and the toned body of a girl or a guy?)To sum it up, Crystal Springs is highly enjoyable! If the heart-stirring scenery or the great abs running by doesn't inspire you to get outdoors more, I don't know what will.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2009,7/7/2009,97,506,6,9,8>My hubby and I had our second meal at Kabul last night (after being driven away from The Refuge by the crowds) and it was just as good as the first. I had the same entree this time as I did the first, the mater challaw.  This dish is just outstanding. It's sort of a lamb curry or stew, with onions and peas. The meat is fall-apart tender, and the flavor is subtle but delicious. I'm not a big fan of rice in general, but the type of rice you get (challaw) is light and fluffy and fantastic.   We also had the Bulanee appetizer, which didn't wow me,  I liked the mantoo we had last time more. My hubby got the lamb kebab, which I think is basically what he got last time, too, and the bit I had of it was perfectly grilled, still a bit pink inside, and super delicious.  We also love the salads they bring you. That dressing they use (which contains sumac, I think) is awesome.  The hot tea they serve is also very nice. Tastes sort of like Earl Grey, with extra spices. Very earthy and warm and comforting.  As others have said, the staff are very cordial and attentive, and the whole experience goes very smoothly every time.  We showed up at  busy time (about 7PM on a Friday), without a reservation, and within 5 minutes they were showing us to our table. Kabul is definitely a hidden gem, tucked into a random shopping plaza.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/10/2008,3/19/2009,237,131,17,15,17>recently, i've been described as the following by yelp members....1. hot feirce tranny mess (oh girl, this is a good thing) me: at first i was like HUH?!?!!?  but iiiiiiiii LIKE it!!!!2. sweet, gentle, kind, edgy, crazy mankiller.  um is it because of the way i eat?  static.px.yelp.com/photo3. and then from the same person.  i went from looking 37 years old to 57 years old, AND from weighing 125 lbs to 250.  you know what mr. smarty pants, HALF of 250 belongs to my ass and bewbies THank you for your honesty i love you too.isn't it amazing that people could tell sooooo much about a person just from reading their reviews?  oh and btw, NONE of these people have ever met me in person.  SO....i have been a member of yelp for a little over six months, and i've never been to any events, and i have never met anyone in person.  that is, until yesterday!  yesss, i thought it was about time to show "my big bad self".  i just call myself this in order to give me the courage to really go out and meet people because i AM 51% shy when it comes to meeting new people.  especially....if i had to show up to a yelp event without knowing anyone.  maybe this fear stemmed from standing in the corner when all of the other girls were asked to dance except me.  i had a great time talking to myself....soooooo much fun!  anyway.....after many pm's, phone calls & text messaging, kako and i decided to meet at sushi sam's for lunch.  i've been here once a longgg time ago and really didn't remember what the food tasted like so when keiko suggested this place, i said why not!  she ordered the chirashi and i ordered the 10 piece-assorted-sashimi plate.  the fish was pretty fresh, but the miso soup was sorta bland.  the meal was nonetheless average ($40 total, tax & tip - a little expensive for the quality of food we got), but the company was awesome.  thanks to "k" for breaking me in.  it's almost like losing your virginity except it's for a yelp date, and it's to a girl too!  YELP inspires many possibilities as you can see....ps.the three yelpers who paid me those compliments are actually nice men who have a great sense of humor.  "thank you" for the laughs, it's good for my soul  :)
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2009,3/18/2009,281,250,12,16,15>Went here after a great lunch next door at Crab Landing Seafood & Steakhouse.wow!! personally, the best gelato ever.  Texture was perfect and with the perfect amount of sweets too.  They make their own gelatos here.I had both hazelnut and coffee.The guy behind the counter was very friendly as well.  He let me try all the flavors i wanted to try without being annoyed of me.  Most people would have been since i have a problem with making quick decisions.We also picked up NUTELLA CAKE (DELICIOUS!!!!) and CANNOLI for the road.  The nutella cake was very moist and that little sucker was enough to satisfy my sweets craving for the whole day.  The cannoli which had lemon zest to it, was also wonderful.  I must go back soon to try the rest of their pastries.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/17/2009,3/17/2009,278,355,16,18,18>Lunch here closes at 2:30, at least on weekends.  But they took us at 2:40-ish.  Props for that.The dimsum was okay.  I'm glad that they cleaned the poop out of the shrimp... major props for that.  I have a serious problem with having poop in my food.  If I bite into a shrimp and see the black "dot" then I spit it out into a napkin... I have poop-phobia.Anyway how did I get on that topic?  I hope this place does well.  Its already the 3rd restaurant in this space in the 2 years I've lived in San Mateo.  First Iron Chef, then Chef Wai, now HK Causeway Bay.Its a big clean space, service is fast, and it was $30 for 3 people which is reasonable.  Jasmine/Chrysanthemum tea was really nice, not that cheap Jasmine found elsewhere.  I'll try more of the food items, but for now 3 stars is fair.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2009,3/16/2009,902,420,16,15,16>the highlight of the evening was not going to pickup our new flatscreen at sonystyle on a super rainy day...but right on the corner at good ole shaub's held the cure to any poopy mood..MEEEAAAATTTTT!!!!!  iam a backwards-ass carnivore in this world of sustainability...living the green lifestyle and not so ashamed of it.  i tried to go veggie once and i damn near croked, like i have no will-power, when i see a cow i see a walking tenderloin ready to be drenched in a worchester, soy-sauce, monterey spice marinade.we came here for the fred steak.  which, i have heard can make any PETA, vegan, or krishnah come to the dark side.i have tried the marinated steak from everywhere, and pretty much felt that andronico's held it down besides of course my dad's shit...no shaub's is holding it down on some real-real.i wouldn't even offer a bite to lori and asked her to mute the tv so that i can enjoy my carcass from the heavens in peace.had leftovers today and even one of my non-meat eating co-workers had a bite and i swear one tear dropped from her eye.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2008,3/15/2009,353,194,8,9,8>You really really gotta pay attention to where this restaurant is located at, its somewhat hidden because of the trees in the surrounding area.I went here for lunch with a buddy of mine who now works at VMWare. So i was assuming on the safe side to better make reservation for the two of us. Right when we got in the hostess pointed to us that we can sit anywhere.The place was nice and quaint, it makes you feel like your in Thailand with the decorations that they have around the restaurant. So my friend had ordered the lunch special which is the pa nang it looked good but ill try it next time when i eat with my boyfriend and our friends and i had ordered the pad thai within 5 or 10 mins our food was ready to be eaten. Pad thai was so delicious that bite after bite the noodles was still hot and i couldnt believe it!! Soup was delicious as well, and the thai iced tea could used a little bit of sugar. All and all my experience here was great, went back to work happy and i was in a food coma. LOL
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/10/2009,3/14/2009,154,237,5,9,7>A decent place to go if you're craving a dog!  The drive thru is convenient for those times you don't feel like going into a restaurant.  Honestly, this isn't my favorite place and I rarely eat hot dogs, maybe a couple times a year, but my guy is a huge burger and dog fan!!  The chili cheese dog is pretty good, it has a generous amount of meaty chili and cheese on it!  The link is firm and has a good "Snap" to it.  Their burgers are very greasy, to the point where the bottom bun soaks up a ton of grease and you have to remove it!!  Gross!  The fries are nothing special.  They also offer milkshakes, which I haven't tried for ~ 2.50.  For 2 chili cheese dogs and a burger meal (burger, fries, drink) was just under $19. So, mid range prices.  Overall, an OK place to satisfy your dog craving!  But, not a place I would frequent.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2008,3/13/2009,128,241,8,6,6>Z pizza is a nice addition to the Castro / Moffett Blvd lunch scene.  Cashing in on the organic trend, this place offers a variety of classic and new, creative menu items such as Santa Fe or Tuscan Mushroom.  Grab a menu or visit their site for details!I love the lunch combos you get: 2 slices of pizza and a drink for under $7 bucks or a slice, a salad and a drink for about the same price.  The latter is good for people who need to slim down like myself.  The former is good to try the premade pies they have.The one thing I really like about this place is that the crust is crispy, but not too dry or oily.  Just right.  I suppose that comes from the organic side of the house, or pizza wizardry.  One or the other.I find it funny that their pepperoni doesn't have MSG.  I didn't even know pepperoni HAD MSG.  I'll remind myself to avoid select Asian restaurants and other pepperoni pizzas from now on.As you leave the store and clear your table, you get a friendly farewell from the trashcan.  I wondered why the z pizza place had "mahalo" on their trashcan, then realized the place used to be ohana's.  See, they even recycle furniture!  You can enjoy your pizza knowing that this place respects the environment.For you business types, this is a great example of the triple bottom line: positive economic, social, and enrionmental policy.  Hope you learned something today!
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/10/2008,3/12/2009,853,724,6,14,13>We got the school of little fishies...  My favorite was the Nutella flavor (how can anyone go wrong with Nutella??).  The chocolate flavor tasted a little pasty, the vanilla flavor was okay, the azuki bean flavor was fine, and the peanut butter flavor (special) was okay...When I opened the box (cute packaging), I was pleased to find that we were given more than 13... more like 20!  I wasn't sure if they had accidentally made more than they should have but we sure had fun eating them all.Overall, the concept is cute and kitschy for sure - but would I go back?  The novelty wears off pretty quick.  However, I do wish the best for the owners...
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2008,3/10/2009,218,378,24,28,26>i've been eye balling this charming, tiny chocolatier for the longest time ever and over the weekend  with my two precious home boys tagging along, i was finally able to purchased and savored one of the most delectable, luscious and pricey pieces of chocolates there is in the bay area.so i bought myself and my homies an orange truffles, which you can really bite into "real orange rinds" pieces and certainly it was rich, but not too sweet AND a milk buttercrunch, which has a nice chewy texture mixed with a subtle crunch of toffee.having an extravagant morsel of that heaven put into your mouth, you should eat it and savor that goodness in 3-4 bites as much as you can! their confections and other "sweetmeat" stuff is a favorable & deluxe gift or offering on any occasions.they decorate their place in a way to entice the young and the old with colorful, pretty puppets & some flowery adornments. that fraction of a short tryst with a chocolate was very desirable, worthwhile and enjoyable.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2008,3/9/2009,230,224,16,21,17>Happy to note I can finally stop wondering what a lobster roll tastes like as I busted my lobster roll virginity a few weeks ago at the Old Port. It's expensive. It's delicious. As far as anything I've heard and read, it is the real deal. Get the original style which is mixed with mayo and some green onions  - the mayo is so light you can barely tell it's there. A tasty delight, and now I can see why people who grew up with these crave them. The lobster bisque was quite wonderful as well. I'd be back for many of the other menu offerings. Lobster mac and cheese, anyone?
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2010,7/16/2011,358,1030,9,13,11>Okay, so MAYBE I'm a little biased here, being Japanese and all. But I truly love this garden for what it is. I find it more genuine than the one in Los Gatos or San Francisco. Located in the middle of Central Park, the space is quiet, serene, peaceful, relaxing...and makes you forget that behind the four walls is the busy downtown San Mateo. I give all five stars to the Japanese gardener who meticulously maintains the beauty and the authenticity of this garden. We really have to give him credit - he's doing an excellent job. I especially enjoy strolling over the bridge where my son curiously looks at the swimming koi's. Lastly, the tea house would be a perfect venue for a small, but special wedding ceremony.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2011,7/15/2011,139,177,7,7,8>I lived in Ireland for awhile.  A long while.Ya know what I like best about Ireland?Pub exports.Owner Eoin O'Neill has done a great job with this place, and I understand that he comes from a line of Dublin pub owners, so his street cred is pretty clear.  The motley collection of hurling sticks and GAA (Google it) jerseys on the ceiling is a cool foreign touch, and the Joyce quotes on the wall are, well, Joycean so that's to be expected.I've been coming here for years and have always found a warm welcome, a great pint, and good company.Note: They don't do food themselves but you can order from a variety of nearby restaurants who deliver directly there.Bottom Line: the craic is mighty!!
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,7/14/2011,171,275,7,11,10>I had suffered from insomnia for about 2 years.  Trust me, sleeping 4 hours/night for the last 2 years have been very miserable.  To cure this, I was going to a massage therapist, but the effects would only last that night.  I was also suffering from anxiety.  This was all in part from not getting enough sleep.  I would have racing thoughts at night and have fear that I can't sleep..staring at the clock every now and then to see that an hour had passed and just envying my husband sleeping away..how much I had wished to be able to sleep like the rest of the world..Its amazing how one can get very little sleep and be very exhausted but cannot fall asleep still.....I was also experiencing irregular periods and recently, I had a  bad accident during snowboarding about a month ago, so I cracked and injured my neck.  My neck was stiff and in pain for a week, but it went away...Recently, just 3 days ago, out of no where, my neck pain came back...I've been massaging it and streching it but nothing...I was always skeptical about acupuncture but my dad and my friends really believed in it and thought that with my symptoms, I should give it  a try, so I did.   It was very easy making an appointment.  Dr. Lau was very nice, professional and really listened to my problem.  I was very nervous at first because the thought of needles piercing into my skin, but he was very gentle.  During my treatment, I feel asleep 6 times and even caught myself snoring so loud, that it woke me up! I even had intense dreams during those 6 times I knocked out.  After we were finished, I felt very good.  Brand new, recharged.  That night, I slept so good, I have not slept so good in 2 years.  My husband even said that I was snoring very loud and didn't wake up when he did...Thank you so much, Dr. Lau.  You are my hero.  I can't wait to go back...I am so glad that I gave it a try.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2011,7/13/2011,1509,3598,5,15,12>so they are gunning for a michelin, but almost there.  it's not often that you get to try indian food served this way.  the dishes incorporate those flavors in a nice modern fusion menu.  chef has good training and chose a cool house ambiancea lot of great execution, and garden out back to grow some fresh veggies*Indian Bread Fritter "Ma Mere" -- Stuffed with mushrooms, potatoes and ciligini served over stewed chickpeas: tasty, complex flavor* Star Anise and Fennel Confit Chicken Wings -- with spring onions, lemongrass and yuzu served with red chili sauce: kinda messy and wing drum meat a little too soft, but sauce tasty*Lavender and Cumin Scallops -- with bacon and black cardamom potato sauce, good*Mustard-Dill Seabass -- roasted, with fresh dug potato coins and curried tomato sauce: fish covered in mustard-dill, cooked well, and the bed of veggies was a highlight, including brussel sprouts which can be a tough sell*Poached Black Cod -- accented with chili oil and served with rutabaga puree and spiced southern greens: my favorite dish with such soft poached cod, excellent greens worked very well*Pumpkin Dosa -- crisp rice and lentil crepe, nigella seed-flavored pumpkin and goat cheese, roasted garlic tomato chutney: this dish was very tasty, nice combo of sweet and savory, goat cheese accented as a modern twist.dessert = Balsamic blackberry brulèe with creamy orange-honey yogurt with a burnt sugar crust, this was different -- the yogurt gave it a whole new take on brulee.this place has a good thing going and can't think of other places like it.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/16/2011,7/12/2011,2524,2645,7,12,8>random pricing and inconsistent...seeing familiar faces in 2014, but quality of alteration is getting bad...uneven stitching and crooked folds...quality has gone down from past service from few years below...pile of old jeans from spring cleaning...pair of old rock & republics...paid near $two-hundred-fifty each in the distant past...unbelievable how long good quality jeans last...been hanging in closest...too big and too wide...testing out le's alteration for some jean refitting...tapering from top to bottom only $sixteen each!...without even asking, given next-day or two-day turnaround...near antique pair of earl jeans...always comfy, but worn and old...taking two more, brand new and never worn...over $two-hundred each...free hem at nordstrom, but inconvenience of wash, take back, over week-long wait and pick up at the mall....simple hem for $six..
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2011,7/11/2011,125,68,6,9,6>It's hard to find good pupusas specially when you have tried the real deal. I've tried several places, and not too many have come close to the the taste of those pupusas I used to eat as I was growing up in El Salvador.America's House is nice and small. Their staff seemed friendly, and it offers a pretty good selection of different typical salvadorian dishes. This time I had two kinds of pupusas. One of them was cheese with loroco (yum!) and the other one cheese with beans.Will be coming back real soon to have some more salvadorian delights!
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2011,7/10/2011,131,144,9,8,7>This is so far my favorite korean place around this area!!! The tofu soups are decent, like most of the places, I have never tried anyone that's super bad or super good, all around average.I like to order their BBQ meats--rib, beef, pork are all really good, and they give a lot too, definitely worth the price.  Not too much comment about the food on the menu, what keeps dragging me there and gets me addicted is their side dishes--they give many different kinds of side dishes and most of them are sooooo good!!! I especially love the potato and kimchi!!! I usually ask like 3 times for refill, (yeah I know I eat a lot ^o^), they never give me a funny look, always bring back fast!The potato is the best side dish potato I've ever had, I can eat that all day! Even if when I was really full, I just couldn't stop. And the kimchi...I would say the taste of their kimchi is not the best of the world, but it's always fresh!!! I don't eat sour kimchi, not at all, even if it's just a little bit sour I don't eat it, but many times I went to this place, I never had once sour kimchi, it's always good and fresh!!:)For the environment,  it's kinda noisy, don't know why. Doesn't seem like anyone was talking super loud, but it's hard to talk there, have problem hearing the one sit on the other side of the table...
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2010,7/9/2011,182,169,10,10,10>OMG - Why didn't anyone tell me about this place sooner?!The boyfriend and I went there for the first time last night because we wanted dessert and we wanted to try something new. The place is a hole-in-the-wall, almost not noticeable unless you know your going there. There are some places to sit but not a lot - one counter right by the window that seats two (but I would never sit there because when I'm scarfing these things down I don't want passer-byers to be looking, it's probably not a pretty site) and there is a table in the middle but it seems like it probably wouldn't be comfortable with people walking in and out right behind you. Seating isn't a big issue with me though, these things are like a grab & go type of snack. We got a school (12) for $5.50, the boyfriend got 1 vanilla and 1 chocolate creme and the rest nutella. He tried the vanilla and chocolate creme but I knew nutella was going to be the best so I didn't even want to try the other flavors, I wanted all six of mine to be nutella.These things are amazing! I know we will be back sooner than later =D
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2011,7/8/2011,210,226,8,14,21>On June 8, 2011, both of my dogs got out of my house.  I had just moved over the weekend and I haven't quite figured out all of the quirks of my new home.  What's worse is that one of the dogs didn't have a collar on.  Yes, I know.. horrible owner I know.... In the house, he never wears a collar.  Anyway, they slipped out and I flipped out.  My younger dog came back on her own but the little guy didn't.  Mind you, he's a 14 year old furball that's hard of hearing.  I did all the right things I'm supposed to do in this situation.  I called local vet clinics, filed a lost dog report, etc.  Well, later that afternoon, I got a call from the SPCA saying they found my dog and here's the story they provided.  "Your dog was spotted by the Redwood City Police Department on Veterens Blvd.  It took some convincing but they managed to get him to go to them before he crossed the street."  When I heard that, I was shocked!  I am so grateful that the officers were there to catch him. If they weren't there or better yet didn't care, he probably wouldn't be at home safe.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2011,7/7/2011,1533,1062,17,18,18>My friend and I shared a pulled pork sandwich ($7) since we were around the corner and he loves this place.  Half of the sammie was definitely big enough for me.  The sammie was stuffed with plenty of tender pork meat, coleslaw, and sweet, tangy & somewhat spicy bbq sauce.  It was a cheap and filling lunch that wasn't too messy.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2009,1/14/2010,1533,1062,5,9,6>Yummy froyo!  They only have two flavors: original & the other one changes daily, but you won't be disappointed.  I've been here twice this week! hehe  I've had the mango froyo with rainbow mochi & the lycee froyo with strawberries.  They give you a whole lot for three bucks (starter size).  Don't let the name fool you, the starter size is huge, it's 8 oz and they give you so much froyo and a choice of one topping.  The mango and lycee flavors pop out and the froyo is creamy & doesn't melt too quickly.  The mochi is great too & the strawberries were sweet enough.Not in the mood for froyo?  Get some organic ice cream or gelato.  They also offer delicious looking Satura cakes (so close to buying one today) and cupcakes from That Takes The Cake in SF which make great cupcakes.  The clean aesthetics of the store is really nice with its modern look.  Besides the sweets, stopping by the store may make you tempted to spend more money then you intended because they carry some nice glasses and shades here (like Tiffanys).  Clear Optometry, as funny as it may sound, based on the name, is my new favorite place for froyo in San Mateo!
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2009,1/13/2010,403,410,7,15,9>I recently had my first major dry-cleaning experience and thanks to Yelp for rating this place well and leading me to it.  (I only live like 2 minutes away which is another plus!)I needed more than a few things dry-cleaned for the first time:1 Banana Republic cashmere sweater1 grey Anthropologie pleated skirt1 grey JCrew dress skirt1 red Anthropologie dress1 white blazer with black piping from ZaraI brought in my clothes on Friday and got them back Wednesday.  Everything came out amazingly clean, fresh, pressed, and like new!  I was most impressed with the work they did with my white blazer!  That thing was amazingly white and all the little stains and stuff were gone!Total cost was $36 which is really quite reasonable.  What's more is I got a $3 off coupon for my next dry-cleaning experience.  Yay!  I will definitely use this place again and hopefully try their tailoring services since a petite girl like me always needs some dresses hemmed!And yes, there is currently major construction going on in this plaza and the parking and everything is a mess... but didn't hinder my experience at all.  Just drive carefully and pay attention.  This store is around the middle of the plaza and there's only a small sign outside the door.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2009,1/12/2010,493,463,7,8,9>Absolutely adorable boutique!  And wait ... what?  Was that the price tag?  No way ... I love it!  FINALLY a boutique with prices that reflect this recession we are in ...  High on fashion and style!  Low on price!Not to mention, you can also walk out of Pink & Harmony with some fab home decor and accessories ... Again, affordable!  I scored a beautiful bedside lamp - reminds me of ones I've seen at Restoration Hardware or Pottery Barn.  But I like the price oh-so-much-more.Stop in, tell Rebecca HI ... Browse.  Shop.  Buy.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2009,1/11/2010,293,735,14,13,12>In my 2006 review, I posted the prices of doughnuts: A dozen doughnuts for $6.50. Half dozen doughnuts for $3.50.Now, single doughnuts are $.95 each. My favorite is the chocolate cake doughnut and despite the recession and price hike, I try to find any excuse to come here for a treat. It's probably the worst thing you can eat (whether you're on a diet or not-- I am) but sometimes an apple with peanut butter just ain't good enough and a doughnut really hits the spot.I took a star off because $.95 is kind of steep for a doughnut, just like $3.50 is freaking expensive for a cupcake.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2009,1/10/2010,634,310,7,13,10>Crepes and Wraps, Wraps and Crepes. I hit another jackpot!It was 2:20pm when I strolled in with ten minutes to close, and the guy in the bistro let me order and dine in too. Luckily, I was able to view their menu online before going in to order, but there were some specials noted on a separate paper clipped to a menu. As soon as I saw their Ham and Pineapple Crepe, I knew I found exactly what I was yearning for.I ordered a Soy Cafe Latte and a Ham, Pineapple and Swiss Cheese Crepe. I asked the guy if I should pay now, but he said to settle the tab when I finished eating. The bistro was small and cozy with yellow walls, a big mirror, and a tall ceiling. Several french inspired paintings and artwork graced the walls and decorations. There were a few tables and chairs, and the bistro smelled aromatic with a sweet fragrance. I sat facing the kitchen so I was able to watch the cook make my crepe. I received my Soy Cafe Latte in a matter of minutes and asked for a to-go cup. [see pic] With a few circular motions and flicks of his wrist, he flattened the liquid batter into a thin sheet using his wooden crepe spreader. A few minutes later, the waiter came out with my order.The presentation was simple yet marvelous. My blue ceramic plate was covered with a nice flat light brown crepe and a side of greens with vinaigrette. [see pic]  As it looked like a manila envelope, the crepe was very delicate with a slight sweet taste. It was easy to cut into with a knife or fork. Bistro Maxine used cooked ham and thinly sliced pieces of pineapple with light cheese to make this flat crepe. The pineapple might've been canned, but it sure didn't taste like it and was sweet but slightly tart. Very good! The vegetables were crispy fresh and I didn't notice any browning or limp vegetables. I was worrying that the crepe might be too hot when it came out of the commercial crepe maker, but it was just right for a sunny but chilly day. The savory crepe went down very well. The total tab came to $8 Ham & Pineapple Crepe plus $3.50 Latte with $.50 Soy totaling $13.11 after tax. And because he stayed open for me to dine-in even though they were closing, I tossed him a good tip.My overall conclusionCrepe: checkTasty: checkGuiltless: checkBistro Maxine: Priceless
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2009,1/9/2010,200,281,4,4,4>This is a REALLY nice restaurant.  It's got a nice bar/lounge at the entrance, and the rest of the place is obviously the actual restaurant. It's very modern and the interior looks very nice.Came here for a friend's birthday. Too bad it's way out of my own preferred budget to really want to come here a few times. An average meal was $17, or $22ish (for meats). Appetizers were roughly around $10-11, side orders about $8, desserts about $8, and drinks ranged from $8-12.Sorry, even for a date, I'm scared what my next date would even imagine of ordering... for a college student like me, ya know ;)  Oh.. you must be very special to me if I want to bring you here hehe... or any restaurant with similar standards.The food is alright, actually to be honest with you, it's quite good. Different from the last adjective I used, but that's because I say "alright" a lot.  They're just expensive and made me worry about my hard-earned money going into 1 meal.Service is pretty good, the waiter we had definitely knows what he's talking about.  And the waitresses..oh damn they are HOT!! I couldn't stop ogling over them during the whole dinner! No, I'm not being creepy. But I am pretty sure you would agree with me too if you were there.Drinks are good, I never really tried them except for taste, but they got the birthday girl all good and drunk.CHECK OUT the bathrooms!! They're so nice! Except no TV, minus 1 star for that, because we all know we like to watch TV while we're on the toilet.Highlight of the night: Danced with a very creepy old man, I felt bad for him dancing by himself and everyone laughing and making fun of him, so I joined him.  Maybe I shouldn't have, because he got uncomfortably close to me.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2009,1/8/2010,210,226,5,13,11>I have been here 3 times.  I have been lucky enough to get in the same day I call.  It's tough to find places with availability with such short notice.  The staff is always super friendly, everything is clean and the atmosphere is gorgeous.  They have a private parking lot and if it's full, there's plenty of parking on the street.Every time I've come, I ended up with different therapists but they have all worked out so far.  I definitely have my favorites and will ask specifically for them going forward.  note:  if you like Shiatsu, Vincent does it. Jenny's got strong hands and will work out those kinks in your back and your IT band.  She's also quite entertaining to chat with. Charis also has strong hands and did wonders to my lower back and hips.  She really seemed to know exactly what areas to work on to relieve the tension. I've also used the tubs before.  I can't sit still for a full hour so I typically just go in for half an hour.  Its nice and relaxing.  There's a shower and a bed there too if you just want to relax.  A++ for this place.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2009,1/7/2010,61,111,8,7,8>YUM.  This place serves fantastically tasty classic diner grub (plus a few non-diner items!).Previously, I had been to the Stanford Shopping Center location.  While the food was great, I wasn't terribly impressed with the service.But let me tell you, this location is fab.  After the Roaring 20's Halloween YEE, myself and my um...alcohol-saturated +1 came here to get our grub on.  The service was quick and friendly, and everything was delicious.  The best is the patty melt w/turkey patty (I get it w/dijon and grilled onions) - another one of my many artery-clogging favorites.  The calamari is also stellar.  Unfortunately, I didn't have room for it and had to get it to go.You have to understand.  I'm about as graceful as Helen Keller on rollerskates.  That being said, as I was leaving, I dropped my calamari on the floor.  Of course, it flung out of the container and went EVERYWHERE, and a little piece of me died.  Of embarrassment, yes, but mostly of the unjust death of fried goodness.The busboy literally RAN over to gladly help me and said it was no problem.  Thanks, PA Creamery.  Your service made me feel like a little bit less of an ass that night.  I'll be back for more calamari!
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2009,1/6/2010,247,87,6,9,8>My 50th Review - WHOO HOO! I can't believe that I finally made it (and I still have TONS more to catch-up on). Nevertheless, Coast Auto Body Shop definitely deserves the Golden Review No. 50.Okay, now that I'm done celebrating, let me say that Coast Auto Body were absolute professionals and extremely skillful at their craft!On Voting Day 2008, I was heading to work after pulling-out of the nearby Starbucks. I stopped at a light to observe the oncoming traffic. A few seconds before I was about to take my foot off of the brake, I was rear-ended. Luckily, they didn't hit me hard but hard enough to dent my rear bumper. Also, the driver assumed full responsibility and her insurance company contacted me within a day. The insurance company highly recommended Coast Auto Body but of course, I wanted to get a few estimates and research various body shops before deciding.After doing my homework and speaking with Steve at Coast Auto Body, I decided to go with them, which is a decision I'll never regret!First off, they had my car back to me within a day or two. Secondly, the estimate was competitively much lower than the other shops that I looked into.Thirdly, Coast Auto Body provides excellent customer service and a lifetime guarantee on all of their work!Finally, when I saw my car, all I could say was "Holy Moly!" The work they did was beautiful and my car looked brand new! Oh my gosh AND they detailed both the inside and outside of my car! She looked gorgeous! Since then, I have returned to Coast Auto Body to have a scratch removed from the trunk (received by the St. Francis hotel valet parking - Grrrrr!). Before charging me, they tried to get rid of the scratch with some industrial auto body stuff and since that didn't work, they went for something a little more intense. After an hour of waiting at the nearby Starbucks, my car was returned to me in the same beautiful, detailed condition as last time and the fix was very inexpensive. Once again, five stars!
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2009,1/4/2010,876,750,13,16,16>Not been Yelped since February 2009? That can't be good ...Look: Tokenz is probably not a place where customer service will win any awards, but the folks here let us wander the place for at least an hour today w/out saying a word. A word! Personally, I LOVE this. There are so many funky and unexpected things here. It's a journey of discovery, so go it alone and see what happens. What do you want, my high school friend, Jerry K., used to say. A cookie? You won't find any cookies here but there is quite a bit of other stuff, some senseless but a lot sublime and even a little bit sacred: stones, incense, jewelry, glass baubles, clothes, beads, bags, scarves, séance gear, painted turtle avatars, plastic skull heads, wind-up Catholic nuns, Buddhas, candy canes, metallic  phish (I mean, fish), an awesome Christmas tree and ornament display, aboriginal items, native American goods, etc. etc. etc. It's all weird and good. It's all here. And they don't really care if YOU get it or not. That's so not the point. Quite possibly, the customer does not come first at this place, and maybe that ain't such a bad thing. But if you give a little, you'll probably get something back. Once the staff saw that we were ready to buy, they were nice and friendly and offered us advice about other places of interest in HMB. We left with some incense, a magnet, and a few little glass pieces for the house. Nice. Inexpensive and nice.Don't come here expecting a tour guide to show you around. They can smell a tourist a mile away. I'll bet that they see ten people come in and browse w/out buying for every one person who leaves with something to take home. So take a chance and get lost looking at this unusual stuff. Here it is all about the order of the things. Les mots et les choses, as Foucault would have said. We miss you, mon ami poststructuraliste!
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/8/2008,7/21/2008,149,196,9,7,7>I am persnickety about ice cream, and Marble Slab has a kickass cheesecake version.  Mix that with some berries and graham crackers, slap it into a waffle cone, and hand it over!Being a true American glutton, I was dismayed at the tiny scoop I received.  Dock one star.  I removed one more star because, unlike its better-looking step-brother, ColdStone Creamery, at Marble Slab, you pay for each mix in you want in your ice cream.Super.  Lame.I paid $4.79 for a tiny ball of ice cream with two tablespoons of mix ins.  I know Redwood City is trying to get all upscale, but this is not the way to achieve greatness.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2008,7/20/2008,86,177,12,12,11>Being the glutton that I am, my bowl of ramen somehow came out to a little over 20$ with all the add-on.  My words of advice: don't do this. Add maybe one or two things, and try not  let yourself get overwhelmed with all the choices.I really wanted to try the pork flavored broth, but didn't get it--I got miso and my companion got the soy sauce.  As every bowl with that white, creamy looking pork flavored broth went by, I felt like someone had kicked me in the stomach repeatedly.The stewed pork was delicious; it melted in my mouth and I barely had to chew it.  But at 4.50 for two pieces, it is a bit overpriced and overhyped.  I wouldn't go here just to order it again (i.e., get in line before they open so I can order it).I'm used to lines for breakfast and brunch places in SF, which always mean a very long wait (45 min minimum till you can eat).  Imagine my surprise when I read about the wait here, but in actuality had to only wait 20 minutes or so.  Really, it's not so bad.Right now I have a fever that is diminishing, my appetite is coming back, and I am craving some ramen.  Unfortunately, everyone I know with a car is at work, and so no one can pick me up and drive me there.I wonder if my friends will think I'm delirious for venturing out of my apartment, catching the Caltrain from SF to SM, and then walking to Santa Ramen with a 102 fever?  MMMmmmmMMM... pork flavored broth, chewy egg noodles... mmmm.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2007,7/18/2008,289,378,5,8,10>I have big breasts. There. Its such a problem. I hate hate hate trying on dresses. I know that I will have to wear something that is 6 sizes larger than my waist and will look like a maternity gown on me because its so loose. I am really about to cry writing this - damn traumatic Yelp.Well Lucy makes me love dresses again. Most other places charge me about $75. With Lucy's affordable prices, and great jobs I can wear dresses again and not worry about paying more for the alteration than the dress. She also adds boning for extra support, and how she does it (invisibly) with some of the material I've made her work with, I don't know. She did my cousins wedding and thats when my Lucy-terations started.Make your custom dress orders like 9 months in advance and come back for 3 fittings. She can even make ugly material look quite nice. (I'm talking about other peoples bridesmaid dresses, not my dresses)Warning - she is ALWAYS booked - wedding season or not - and she goes to the PI alot. Call ahead.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2007,7/17/2008,344,213,6,7,8>I never realized how very good Maine lobster is until I moved to California and it became just another item on the list of food that I search for constantly, a search which only leads me to disappointment and stomach upset.It is completely bizzare to find this place in a mini-mall on Veteran's Ave in Redwood City, but i think the strange location is the only thing keeping the crowds at bay.  When you arrive, there's bound to be a line out the door, but the turnover for a table is quick.  You order form the cashier, pick up your beer and take a number back to your table.  The food usually arrives about 10-15 minutes later.I recommend the naked lobster roll--the good parts of the lobster are already picked out and placed lovingly on a plain roll, which you then should absolutely douse in melted butter and cram into your face before you have a spare moment to think about calories or the fact that you just spent $17 on a sandwich.  It ain't cheap to fly those puppies across the nation, so just sit back and appreciate the fact that you didn't have to go through security and sit on a plane for 6 hours to get it.they've got some great beer on tap, and some neat bottled sodas, including moxie, although unless you're really curious, I wouldn't recommend moxie--it's kinda nasty.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2008,7/16/2008,358,250,4,10,11>Yelper, Holly M. and I took second place in this morning's round robin tourney.  We didn't realize that we were competing against a state champion, but we gave her a good run for her money!Bay Badminton Center is the best!  It easy to find off the 101, signed in quickly at the front desk and walked over to rent our gear ($8 entry/court fee and $5 for the racquet).  In no time at all, the game was on!  We set up a small tourney amongst friends and before we knew, 2 hours of fun, exercise and smack talking flew by.  Oh, I'll be back.  This was one of the best Sunday mornings ever.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2008,7/15/2008,854,542,23,19,18>Contrary to my roguish, brutish nature, I do quite enjoy a glass of wine or three...(do girls dig guys who dig wine?  if they don't, I'll stop right here...)And so, to bid a fond fond farewell to SoCal-bound Linda T, a yelpy gathering at The Wine Room sounded fun... sophisticated above and beyond my caste, but fun!!  Thank you, Scott L, for organizing this event...The little "cottage home turned bar" is definitely unique compared to the newer, commercial structures immediately around it, and I get the sense that the typical patrons here would be of the sort not usually found at neighboring raucus places like NOLA's or Old Pro across the street.  But this night, at least, when Yelpers send off a fellow Yelper, trust that we party loud!I started with a Melini Chianti Classico ('05?) which was bright and fragrant in the first sips, with undertones of tart raspberry.  But less than halfway through the glass, it became very faint.Next up, I'd eyed the Lupine Hill Cabernet Sauvignon ('06).  They were nearly out, so the wine tender comped me the remainder of the bottle, which still amounted to almost a full serving.  An understated Cab, softer on the palate and nose than I expected.Lastly, I tried the Mannstand Syrah ('06).  A full-bodied wine; notes of oak and black cherries with a potency that lingers long after the sip.  Excellent.  My favorite of the evening.Hmmm.You do know I know next to nothing about wine other than "mmmmm, yum, me likes" and "heehee, I'm kind of drunk... you're cute", right?  (I kid, I kid.  I only LOOK like ghettostreetrubbish...)But I really did enjoy the venue very much, and regardless of my gruff appearance I was treated VERY well and the personable service was outstanding!  And the night's events were priceless!  From meeting new and favorite people (always a treat!) to running across the street for beers and hurricanes, Yelp events never fail to entertain!All in all, Linda T!  I'll miss you!  Good luck in everything!______________________________________Legendary Roots t-shirt, pink-n-green Nike SBs?Yeah, extend the pinky finger... that'll class it up!
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/3/2008,7/13/2008,86,79,16,11,15>Borrone's is like a black hole. Whole universes collapse here. Friendships and affairs spawn and die on it's patio.  Like high school, but with better food. I have a lot of good memories here, and made a lot of drunken bad moves. I've drank enough alcohol here to make Amy Winehouse nervous. I've spent whole paychecks, one night at a time. I still nearly orgasm over their hand-made whipped cream. They should really have a seat named for me for how many years my ass has parked out on the patio.It's the emo-filled center of this peninsula drama-twinkie. It's over priced, full of stuffy people and attention whoring kids. That tomato and mozzarella salad I loved? $8.75 - $9.75 - $10.95. So go the times, right?So why do we flock to Borrone's like suicidal moths to the flame?What, do YOU know another place that stays open past 10 on a weeknight in Menlo Park? (BBC is not an option. If it shares the patio, it's the same place).
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2008,7/12/2008,222,202,,8,6>I've been to Caprino's three times now and figure it's high time for a review...First off, believe everything you read about the bread they serve before the meal...it's like doughy crack, and the olive oil with garlic they provide for dipping just enhances the high...Regarding the meals, I've tried three different things and am ranking them in order from least favorite to most favorite 'cause I like to end on a high note:3. The third time I went I tried their meat calzone...the dough was a bit too doughy and the sauce was a bit too sweet, but it was decent overall (3 stars for this baby).2. The second time I went I tried their pesto pizza, but asked to hold the tomatoes (which are the only topping, if I remember right)...solid pizza and quite tasty, but lacking a bit of 'zing' compared to some other pesto pizzas (garnering 3.5 stars as a result). Perhaps it's meant to be enjoyed with the tomatoes?1. The first time I went I tried their chicken parmigiana (which isn't always on the menu but they'll make it if you ask nicely)...jackpot! Excellent dish, and the pasta that comes with it compliments it nicely (5 stars, baby!).Anthony (the owner), Francine (my server all three times) and the rest of the staff are cool people and have taken great care of me each time I've dined here...give 'em a try next time you're in Belmont!
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2008,7/11/2008,589,848,4,4,3>First off, I'm surprised there are so little reviews for this restaurant.  Either the patrons of Chantilly don't yelp (they don't know what they're missing out on!), or not many people know about this little place.  Next, be prepared to drop some serious bills dining in this restaurant.  The service and food however, do not disappoint.  My foie gras (yes, I know how it's made - for those of you who don't, en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fo might be helpful - and I have no reservation whatsoever) was served on top of portobello mushroom.  My lamb chop was perfectly cooked - pink in the middle.  The piece de resistance, though, is the chocolate truffle cake with its molten choc center and gelato.  Pleasantly plump and carrying the long-stemmed rose presented by the server at the end of our dinner (I don't like flowers due to its too-high corniness level, however I did appreciate the gesture), I walked out of the back entrance which really is the front entrance (funky, I know) and straight into my car.  Gotta love the complimentary valet service.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2008,7/10/2008,376,527,9,14,11>Not to get too personal here, but if you've ever thought about getting a colonic, Natural Health is the place to go.  It has a very relaxing and super super professional atmosphere.  It's a bit out of the city (in Burlingame) but was well-worth it for a 15 min drive with lots of parking.Owner Fred Hsu started this place after revolutionizing his own lifestyle.  He suffered a severe stroke years ago and Western doctors told him he'd never be able to walk or function normally again.  He became obsessed with nutrition and health and read everything under the sun about it.  After putting himself on a strict (veg and fruit) juice diet and getting regular colonics,  to the shock of doctors, he regained his strength and mobility 100%.  In short, he's also really passionate about nutrition and talking about diet and lifestyle.  He believes that colonics are very effective in preventing the absorption of stagnant toxins into the bloodstream through the colon wall, and that they can improve skin and overall health.  I definitely feel fresher and lighter on my feet. =DNatural Health offers 100% organic green peels in addition to colonic hydrotherapy.___________________________________________
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2009,3/14/2010,836,728,13,13,13>Night of entertaining eventsOdd and yet interesting decor throughoutLove the New Orleans kind of feelAlways more enjoyable with rowdy co-workers!I came here last night for our quarterly team outing!!! We rented a section of the upstairs for a good 3.5 hours! Fun times!! Our menu was quite extensive!! So much food and drinks!! I couldn't even attempt to look at the dessert! O_OI really love the decor at NOLA. Totally Day of the Dead kind of art inside! Lots of smaller dining areas throughout the restaurant. And you can totally walk by this place at night and miss it! I really like coming here in the evenings when it's darker and there's more people. There's quite a lively feel like you've traveled to New Orleans, Louisiana... minus the humidity! heheWhen we arrived at our tables, they had set the tables with colorful mardi gras beaded necklaces and we had our own printed menu with the food choices! I wanted to order and try everything on the menu!!! :DShared Appetizer+ NOLA frites: fried sweet and russet potatoes, okra, and japanese eggplants with spicy chipotle ranch dip :D+ Crispy Fried Crawfish & Calamari with lemon-garlic aioli :)+ BBQ Chicken Quesadilla: bbq chicken, manchego, cotijo, oaxacan cheese, salsa, sour cream :)+ Slow Roasted Pulled Pork Sliders: smoky bbq sauce, and creole slaw :|Kick-Starters+ Chicken Andouille Gumbo: slow roasted chicken * andouille sausage gumbo seasoned with ham hocks, holy trinity, okra, dark roux, and rice (quite spicy, but LOVED the deep-fried cornbread/fritter thing on the side) :DEntree (now this was the difficult decision)+ Southern BBQ Pork Chop: cider brined pork chop, grilled and smothered with smoky homemade bbq sauce, scallion mashed potatoes, and green beans... :D I was only able to inhale 2 bites, but it was yummy!but I also tried...+ Skirt Steak: teriyaki marinated steak :D very, very good (i wish i had picked this)+ King Creole Salmon: Creole-spiced king salmon (a bit greasy)+ Big Easy Fried Chicken: fried buttermilk double dipped Petalume free-range chicken :D YUM!!!!Dessert+Beignets du Monde: rustic doughnuts with sugar, warm chocolate-caramel fudge sauce (I didn't have... cause I was way tooo FULL!)
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2009,3/13/2010,228,624,6,6,5>Even after a 45+ min wait to be seated last night (they were freaking busy!!), Sushi Tomi's nigiri and combination bento set still turned my frown upside down.Let's talk fish first: I have yet to be let down by Sushi Tomi's sashimi selection. It is always fresh and delicious-- you can tell because everything is sweet and melts in your mouth. Last night was no exception. I ordered mirugai, hotate and hamachi. The hamachi was sliced a little too thickly for nigiri, but I appreciate that they didn't skimp on the portion. The hotate and mirugai were AMAZING. So delicious, I wish I had ordered more.Combination bento: At $16.90, this is a really good meal deal. You get to choose 2 items from their combo list, plus you get rice, salad and miso soup. We ordered beef sukiyaki (personal fave) and tonkatsu. MMM. Although the pork isn't as tender and juicy as I've had in Japan, its still delicious in all its panko crusted glory. The sukiyaki comes in a huge pot and is filled with goodies like napa cabbage, bean thread noodles, carrots, tofu, and of course, beef. YUM.Tip: Either go early or late to avoid the dinner rush hour, or be smart and call in a reservation ahead of time... unless you enjoy standing around,  shuffling around to avoid the staff, and drooling from all the delicious scents wafting your way.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2010,3/12/2010,876,750,22,29,24>Tell me: does your local pub serve green garlic soup w/ crispy frog legs and nettle cream? Or Dungeness crab flan with sturgeon caviar? Or have Ommegang Rare VOS amber ale on tap? Or offer house-made tagliatelle pasta with wild mushrooms. No, you say?Well, at least they serve Meyer lemon panna cotta with huckleberry compote, then. Or offer Ethiopian Sidamo coffee along with complimentary chocolates filled with peanut butter, caramel, coconut, and cherry cream.And you pay only $55 per person and leave with a nice loaf of crusty pain au levain for breakfast the next morning?No?Well, that's because your village pub is not The Village Pub.If it were, you would be dining like this on a normal Thursday evening after a long day in the office. Better than the McDonald's drive-through. A little bit better. And Ronald doesn't serve you a hazelnut amuse-bouche, either.You don't need to take out a second mortgage to dine here.Just be a smart eater.And tip well.They deserve it!
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2010,3/11/2010,112,304,2,4,5>Mmmmmm, I love Lisa's Tea. My friend and I have been going here for special occassions for years now. Their tea is so delicious and they put on a really nice service. They really get into the theme of a tea house, with lacy doilies and waitresses in pinafore's.The fare is a tad bit on the expensive side, as their portions are quite small. But they usually have a weekly special that always has delicious new items.My favorite tea is the King's Ransom. Its floral and vanilla and you get as much as you want. Their scones are usually too dry for my taste, but the ginger snaps are yummy. The desserts are always a large portion though, and you always come home with cake leftovers.Its a nice spot for a bridal or baby shower, but make reservations as they are quite small.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2009,3/10/2010,85,1621,3,9,5>Met up with a girlfriend here for happy hour last night. We noshed on the savory steak skewers and potstickers. I absolutely love their ponzu sauce! Yummy..everything was super delicious! Our server and bartender, Banks was really nice and attentive. I love the decor as soon as we walked in and the upstairs portion of the lounge wasn't open yet so we kicked back at one of the tables which had zebra printed chairs, so chic. Yay for carrying Chopin Vodka because that was all I ordered last night! I'd definitely come back here. I love the lounge music they played: mushroom jazz and soulful house. Love love it. It reminds me of a few lounges in NYC. I think some yelpers are whack when they mistaken trance and techno for house music. Melt's a great addition to the downtown Palo Alto scene and I think they hit the mark.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2010,3/9/2010,87,251,6,13,7>Not many people know about Mandala, but they should.  I've had nothing but good experiences every time i've been here, and since then, i've gotten to know the owner and manager as they are extremely cool guys.  Some nights Mandala is laid back with 15-30 people, other nights it's stuffed with what feels like hundreds of people, from what i can tell usually the younger crowd.  No matter the amount of people inside, i always feel welcome and not "just a dollar bill walking through the door" as you get at most upper end bars/lounges.   Drinks are what you'd expect, remember, this isn't a dive bar!  We all love cheap drinks, and this place isn't far off that, especially for the ambiance.Great place to have a birthday party with 10-25 friends as it won't cost you your left kidney to have everyone out!  Also, they do a great job of keeping the bar and lounge clean.To put it plainly, if i feel like going out, Mandala is always a solid contender for the lack of cover, laid back attitude, clean and nice ambiance, and the absence of a designated driver all the way to Palo Alto or San Francisco.  DOIN IT!
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2009,3/8/2010,493,361,9,9,10>I got a watch from my girlfriend and because I unfortunately was born with thin wrists I had to take a few links off.  She got it for me from the Macy's but because I didn't have the receipt with me at the time they wouldn't do it.  I really didn't care paying for it, because I had a dinner thing later that night I needed to get it done, fortunately on the way back to the car I walked by the mall directory and saw that these guys are right inside the mall.  Inside the guys working here were very nice, and got it done quickly and pretty inexpensively, and because it was in the mall I was able to go and ogle the kitchen knives in Williams Sonoma and eat a pretzel while I wait.  When I picked up the watch, and got to my event on time.One week later, I did have to return.  I had realized when its hot, I apparently get fatter wrists and it starts to feel tight on the wrist, so I came back to have one more link put back in.  I was prepared to pay for this service since it was my fault for not being more through last time I was there, imagine my surprise when it came  time for me to pick up the watch with the new link add-on, and reached for my wallet, when the guy told me not to worry about it.  He joked, "Just make sure your wrist doesn't change the next week."  There are good, friendly people here, I'll definitely be back.  I doubt it will be for adding another link on this watch though.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2009,3/7/2010,111,233,5,9,5>It's official, Sakoon is now my favorite restaurant on Castro St. I just love it. My friend and I came here for dinner last night and had a lovely time. I can't say enough about the gorgeous decor and ambiance. So aesthetically pleasing. Plus the food is fantastic. Superb flavor, perfect presentation and plentiful portions. We were seated in one of the booths and noticed that we sank down into the seat. My friend looked as if she needed a booster seat. It was quite funny actually. We asked if we could sit at one of the tables instead and our server was cool with that. Luckily the place was empty at that time. Tandoori Chicken ($12) - It had the perfect amount of spice to awaken the taste buds. Black Lentils ($11) - SO delicious. I couldn't help but use the Naan to soak up the yummy lentils and savory sauce. Plain Naan ($3) -  Fresh and warm just the way it should be. My surprise b-day dessert was such a treat. It was like this donut hole/mochi thing in a lemon syrup sauce with a side of cream covered berries. Thanks Wendy K for another delightful dining experience and thanks Sakoon for being so beautiful! =)
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2010,3/5/2010,537,588,18,28,27>Happy 20th Anniversary Lynette! 5 Star All The Way!My wonderful wife, partner, and best friend and I celebrated our 20th Anniversary Dinner here on the 17th of February 2010. What do I value? *Food Quality*Service *Presentation/Ambiance*Wine Viognier excels in all 4 categories and is well deserving of 4 STARS.  The EXTRA STAR comes for being a hidden gem in San Mateo (+1 STAR)!  No need to venture to far-off lands like San Francisco in search of fine dining opportunities, it's right here in my backyard of San Mateo.  What do I love about Viognier? The menu is easy to understand and accessible. Some haute cuisine restaurants make things too complicated for a simpleton diner like myself to understand.  We shared the Smoked Salmon Pizzeta with Creme Fraische and Caviar ($16+).  This was amazingly good. I would return here just to nosh on this and pair with one of their fantastic selection of white wines.  My wife and I both got the 3 course menu ($55/pp) and wine pairing ($30/pp). Lynette had the Roasted Quail, Rib Eye, and Chocolate Mousse.  I had the Capalletti pasta with spinach cream, Roast Duck with pureed yams and chard, and a cheese selectioin for my final course. Overall a great evening with great wines and service. Ambiance is a big plus. Viognier is perfect for a quiet romantic dinner such as ours or small business meeting. The space can easily accomodate 30+ for large groups too. Lighting is great and we sat between the gas fireplace and woodburning oven. Full bar available too. Service was excellent.  Thanks to Matthew for his incredibly attentive service, description of the various entrees and their preparation, and his knowledge and descriptions of the numerous wines (and cheeses) we ate that evening.  I would certainly return! More later...
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/26/2010,3/3/2010,711,1139,8,15,13>Second best breakfast in Burlingame. I dig the kitschy interior, homestyle feel, and locals kinda vibe. Think Christy's on California Ave. but with a better looking interior and more seating. I like how Nini's is hidden in Bgame's residential area, funny thing is that everyone else knows this secret spot as the Sunday morning brunch wait was only 25 minutes this time. Ordered up their biscuits and gravy. (yelp.com/biz_photos/lcdf) The biscuits were more of the thin, dense, and not so flaky side variety. Personally, I was expecting the light and fluffy KFC variety instead. The gravy wasn't as flavorful, deep, and robust as say Stack's version which I had a couple weeks earlier. Stacks is more gourmet, this joint's more homestyle. Blueberry pancakes, just ok. (yelp.com/biz_photos/lcdf) The pancakes weren't that fluffy and light, nothing special, nothing craveble.  The portions are just ok. If you want  big portions and bang for your buck, go to Millbrae Pancake House.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2013,1/31/2014,751,680,10,19,12>It's been many years since I've dined here.  The last time I was here it was with my wife, before we had kids.  It was the first year they opened on top of Draeger's.  Gary Danko was the opening executive chef, before he opened his namesake restaurant in North Beach San Francisco.For one reason or another, never had the chance or occasion to return.On one mild early Saturday evening, our youngest daughter had an overnight with a friend, so it was just my wife, oldest daughter, and I for dinner.  Since we didn't have to limit ourselves to places that had French Fries, pasta, or udon on their menus, we had  an opportunity to "upgrade" our dinner.This was a last minute opportunity, so while searching around, we found available reservations at Viognier.Our reservations was at the first seating at 5:30PM, but we arrived at 5:15, so the entire restaurant staff for that shift were not all there.  However, the host was there, seated us, and served us water until our waiter arrived.A few minutes later our waiter with our menus. While at our table, oriented us through the menu, and shared with us the specials of the day.  After he took our drink orders, he came back later to take our orders.  One can choose courses for a 3, 4, or 5 course dinner, or choose a 5 course chef's menu.My wife and daughter each chose a 3 course, while I chose a 4 course with wine pairing.For an amuse bouche, we were served:-House Ginger Soda with candied ginger (yelp.com/biz_photos/viog):  Refreshing, without being overly sweet.  Cool, clean, a nice palate cleanser before the arrival of the rest of the courses.-Smoked Salmon Flatbread (yelp.com/biz_photos/viog): We ordered this for the table.  Warmed flatbread, topped with Crème Fraiche, Chives, and Roe.  Flatbread had nice soft, yet firm and nicely chewy texture.  Quite tasty, very filling.-Heirloom Tomato Salad (yelp.com/biz_photos/viog): this consisted off house mozzarella, candied bacon, basil, olives.  Sweet tomatoes, and very fresh choice vegetables.-Slow Cooked Pork Belly (yelp.com/biz_photos/viog): topped with broccoli , chicharrons, with a smoked beet puree. Fatty pork decadence!-Sweet Corn Soup (yelp.com/biz_photos/viog): garlic confit, shallots, topped with trout roe.  Fresh kernels of corn throughout the soup.  Savory, but slightly sweet and creamy.-Roasted Bone Marrow (yelp.com/biz_photos/viog):  A lot of stuff on top, with pickled mushrooms, served with toast points.  Greens nicely contrasted the hot and creamy bone marrow.-Seared Angus Hanger Steak (yelp.com/biz_photos/viog): served with roasted turnips and baby carrots, potato,  and a chimichurri, natural jus.  Cooked as ordered at the right temperature.  Nicely marinated steak, and the vegetables were also cooked just right.-Seared Day Boat Scallops (yelp.com/biz_photos/viog): sweet corn succotash, sauce nero, topped with caviar.  This was pretty generous for an appetizer portion.  Scallops were cooked just right, not chewy tender with each bite.-Lamb Chops, with ground lamb (yelp.com/biz_photos/viog):  One of the specials of the day.-Cheese Plate (yelp.com/biz_photos/viog):  A selection of three (can't remember what they were), with toast, fruit and nuts.-Sorbet Selection(yelp.com/biz_photos/viog):  Sorbet selection of the day.  Kiwi, mango, and raspberry.  Very refreshing-Lemon White Chocolate Tart (yelp.com/biz_photos/viog): A little marshmallow fluff, streusel, and little macaroni -"Stone Fruit Melba"(yelp.com/biz_photos/viog): caramelized puff, raspberry ice cream, lemon pound cake.  Very artistic.-White Chocolate Cookie Crumble Cake (yelp.com/biz_photos/viog):  A special touch from the restaurant, since it was a late birthday celebration for my wife.  With all we had, we didn't eat it, had to take it home.Overall, we were quite pleased with everything.Worth another visit!
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2013,1/30/2014,169,398,7,14,15>Dear zoning laws - you suck. That's right, there are rumors that The Milk Pail may close. If so, I say we revolt because there is no other place where:You can purchase an entire watermelon for $2, a honeydew for 99 cents, organic blackberries for $1, awesome Middle East Baking Co. low carb pita, dirt cheap cheese...and so on and so forth with fresh produce and awesome deals!!!! Don't even get me started on tomatoes, mushrooms, and eggplants! You can easily walk out having spent only $20 with produce for the week.There is a huge variety of items in that small location!There are super nice workers willing to help you pick out good produce.There is quick and friendly cashiers so you can run in and run out with bags of yumminess. There is a devoted following so hopefully this will create preventative action because The Milk Pail's absence would be noticeable.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2013,1/29/2014,286,975,8,7,6>Wow, what a fun event! Haven't reviewed it until now because I had bookmarked it wrong, but it was such a blast. Loved all the tasty foods, and the incredible wines... The sparkling sake was such a fun surprise! We got to know DTSM so much better, and ending at the shoe store with the orthotic saleslady was a great choice-- both my fiance and my friend's boyfriend got brand new orthotics that they love!Vino, nibbles, and shoe inserts... What more could you want??!
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,1/28/2014,659,1527,1,6,5>I LOVE this dry cleaner. 1) They will handle any special requests that I have2) The people at the counter recognize their regulars and are genuinely nice and friendly-- and often my order is waiting for me once I get to the counter3) Service is fast and cleaning is good4) They do the cleaning in house so there is no outsourcing5) Pickup is easy most of the time (parking) with the convenient curb parking outside the back door6) It was easy to set up an account and pricing is reasonable
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2013,1/27/2014,424,202,7,8,7>After coming back to my car at my club gig, I found my back seat right window broken. With a lot of experience of having my car window smashed, I calmly drove home, parked, told the venue I might not be able to come in tomorrow night if I don't get my window fixed in time, I fell passed out.This morning, while having to do some post work done, I did a quick but thorough research on the nearest, 5 star (or 4) place to get my window done at a reasonable price and by the end of the day (at the latest). The first three(3) that I read sounds perfect, but only one(1) could get it done in one(1) day. SOLD!CUSTOMER SERVICE: I called and gave him the details of which window that needs to be replaced, what type of car (make, model, year) and type of of glass it was. The guy sounded like as if he had a vast knowledge of car windows, types and years (amazing). Once he gave me an estimate (which sounded pretty fair), he said I can come by in an hour (9A).LOCATION: Only .5 miles away from my home, this place can easily be located. It is the only spot in that little plaza that has a large sign (HI-TECH) outside. Right off the main road (Woodside) and onto a smaller (Spring), you can't miss it!EXTERIOR: Plenty of parking upon my arrival. There were about 2-3 men running around working on an SUV's front glass.As I parked and stepped out of my car, I hear a man speaking in Vietnamese telling another worker to tell me to move my car closer to the front. Without thinking twice, I stepped back in my car and parked where he pointed (pretty cool to not look Vietnamese and yet understand it -I enjoy shocking people).INTERIOR: I didn't say much after I parked my car. I walked pass the workers and smiled at them and went into the office. There, I sat and waited w/ another lady. Inside is a bit messy. We have a fish tank on one side (which seems to have too many fish in that size of a tank), the wall hangs is more for the people there to feel like home and less about work, the desk is quite messy (I think they need a woman's touch on a regular basis) and it gets rather very cold if you weren't sitting right in front of the portable heater that they provided there. Honestly, the office really didn't bother me at all because they all seem to be working really hard to get it done fast (and they did).SERVICE: By 9:46A, they were done w/ my window. Not only that, they vacuumed my car (which I felt a bit guilty since it's been quite a few months since I last vacuum my car and have been putting it off for awhile).VERDICT: I definitely would recommend this place to anyone who needs their window repair, fixed or changed. I am a fan.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,1/26/2014,49,161,4,4,3>Although this bar is pretty pricey, the fishbowls are delicious and bound to get you pretty drunk. The appetizers are also great, but if you're planning to sit down for dinner you may have to wait a while. Definitely has a fun New Orleans feel, down to the beads you get with your drinks!
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,1/25/2014,68,316,4,5,4>It's CRAB SEASON again!Due to the start of Crab season and new rules for fishing trying to keep the commercial boats from completely harvesting all the crab along the coast and reading this year being a slow season for crab I went over the weekend AFTER the 15 of November opening of crab season and was rewarded with my three crabs from Bill and Penny.I looked at the white board by the harbor master office and did not see the Cricket on the list which initially caused me some concern. I was encouraged to see people walking back with fresh crab in their clear plastic bags! Yea! Then I saw the Cricket at J-1 with their new 'Bills Crabby Crabs' sign and made my way down to get my crabs. I walked down to the Cricket and it appeared to be one rolling social party with some people in a skiff getting their crabs.Bill, who has a strange resemblance to Captain Eddie in the Non Sequitur comic strip without the New England accent sort of recognized me from before and I asked for three crabs. Instead of them being piled high in the holding tank, he had to dig real deep to get them out. Then Penny asked if this was a phone order or not as they hold some in reserve for loyal customers that call their orders in.I also noticed my Chalk Hill Chardonnay is now out of stock at Bev Mo at more than $40 a bottle and wonder if my endorsement here caused enough demand to make my favorite libation to go with the crabs go out of sight. I had to press a Cameron Hughes 334 which was a bit more fruity than a good cup cake Chardonnay, but it was good enough.No mystery guy in the wheel chair, but some young kids helping out on the Cricket handing out crab candy this year. Also no double bags for the crabs. These crabs seemed very crabby and it was quite a chore as they put up quite a fight to get them in the gourmet crab stock.Worth the trip and experience!
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,1/24/2014,17,160,1,8,3>If you want to get a garden plot in the Beresford Community Garden, here's what you do:* go to the front desk at the Beresford Community Center and ask for an application form. Fill it out and turn it in to them.* On a regular (quarterly?) basis the waiting list should be updated and posted on a sign board at the top left corner of the garden. But it'll take some time to get a spot so don't hold your breath.As of August 2013 there's roughly 40 people on the waitlist, and ~60 spots total in the garden. People tend to stay a long time, although there's some turn-over every year as people move away, get tired of it, etc. New spaces come available in early spring, so it's realistically 2 or 3 years to get offered a spot, possibly longer depending on how things go. But if you're really interested and committed, I'd say go ahead and get on the list--you never know when suddenly things open up. I've heard murmurs of another community garden elsewhere in San Mateo being in the works.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,1/23/2014,63,71,2,14,5>My boyfriend brought me here last night for my birthday. What an amazing treat! Although we often frequent downtown mountain view we had never been to Chez TJ. In the past we hesitated because of the mixed yelp reviews and I think a lot of the disappointment other folks have stems from misaligned expectations. Chez TJ has a fixed menu, you can order the limited one, but you're meant to order the full one as the chef designed it. It's expensive, & the portions are small. I don't understand the one star review that list these as complaints. I don't think chez TJ needs to apologize for not being the Cheesecake Factory. Don't come here if you're in a hurry. Don't come here to save money. We ordered the Chefs Tasting Menu and the wine pairing. Our favorites were the fried egg and the duck, but all of the courses were enjoyable and playful. The beet carpaccio and cup of dirt were both delicious and creatively designed. We joked that we could just order a basket of the fried egg yolks and a bottle of champagne and go home, but in the end I'm glad we stuck with the designed experience ;). I was happy with the timing of the meal. If we weren't paced between courses we would have been too stuffed and probably wasted! Waiting between courses let us enjoy ourselves and the meal. The sommelier was informed and helpful and our table was well attended with empty plates being removed promptly and cutlery being placed before dishes were served. It was a great experience and a beautiful meal. Thank you chez TJ (and my bf!!) for an amazing Birthday meal!
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,1/22/2014,1324,243,14,17,18>I used to think the only type of frozen dessert I like and want to eat is ice cream. But say that no more....hello Shaved Snow! Where have you been all of my life?I absolutely love this place!  I come here for one thing only and that is for their shaved snow. My two favorite flavors by far are their coconut and taro shaved snow. I like my shaved snow simple and like it as-is. It tastes heavenly with its soft, creamy, and fluffy texture. You may add one of many toppings for an additional cost. You have a choice of either small, medium or large.  I'm sure whatever size you choose, I'm certain that you will woof it down like myself. They are absolutely to die for.The only thing that is less than to be desired is the parking.  It is literally located in a residential area right across from one of Mountain View's Caltrain stations with very limited public parking.  On any busy night, you may have to walk further to get to this place.  With that said, I would still make my way here just for their shaved snow. I also got the opportunity through my many many visits to Sno-Zen to get to know the owners(husband and wife team), who are very nice and genuine.  And thanks to Yelp, I now have a favorite go to place for my shaved snow cravings.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,8/27/2011,2240,364,7,16,16>I've been coming here for years for running and hikes.  I"m usually very boring and take the same 2-3 trails.But i finally decided to hike to the top of the PG&E trail to see the amazing views of the valley.  A definite must and great picture points along the way.  Read more on the 9 mile route i took and the cool picture taken here:http://blog.fitgeeksports.com/content/­hometown-favorite
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2011,8/26/2011,502,315,14,35,18>Update: LOVE LOVE LOVE the proscuitto funghi pizza. Arugula salads are good too. Man, the dough is just so good here. Hands down best pizza in the bay!_____________I'm a big fan of this place! After seeing the pizza picture featured on the front page of yelp, it reminded me of Grimaldi's in NYC (The best hands down pizza in the world). Today, I went for lunch with my friend to hopefully find a south bay pizzeria like Grimaldi's. And the verdict? It was CLOSE! let me tell ya. Probably the closest you can find in the bay area. At first, I was worried that the pizza would take a long time. I even told my friend, hm, maybe we can go to Cost Plus to look around while we wait (it's right next door). But from the time we ordered, the pizza took less than 10 minutes to come out! We had the Napoletana pizza ($14) to share between the 2 of us. It was the perfect size, and actually had us really full. The dough was realllyyy good, and the pizza was delicious, soft, and thin. I ate every bite of that thang! I loved the bits of sausage and freshly sliced mozzarella on the pizza. It was really good! For dessert, we shared a coppa mascarpone ($6 recommended by the waitress), a mascorpone cream layered with a chocolate syrup at the bottom. It was fluffy, creamy, and very tasty. Many layers of different flavors, it was topped with amaretto cookie crumbs and chocolate shavings so there was an almond taste, and then a cheesy cream, over a thick chocolate layer! The dessert finished the meal off really well, we left full and happy!
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2011,8/25/2011,711,1139,14,18,17>Only place in Burlingame to carry Blue Bottle Coffee.  (yelp.com/biz_photos/2MbM)I like how they have all sorts of interesting, organic, and locally sourced fruits I typically don't see at other grocery stores. Dragon-fruit, prickly pears, fern fronds, rambutons, even white raspberries and starfruit. Just add some white wine and I bet I could make a pretty awesome, "one of a kind" sangria or fruit punch. (yelp.com/biz_photos/2MbM)  I haven't been here for lunch yet but they have a grass-fed wagyu beef sandwich with cheddar and grilled onions that looks good. Either that or their pork banh mi. (yelp.com/biz_photos/2MbM)
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2011,8/24/2011,474,505,7,10,7>I've promised a review after one month.. Time passed and I keep coming back to her, so that meant a lot if I'm a repeat client!Although she would want to see me less often than once a month (I'm getting close to it!) and see me every 2-3 months, that would be great! My face is almost flawless with a few bumps or minimal pimples around that time of the month.. It's almost back to how it was a few years ago. Pain-free and almost no cystic acne!!!! This woman is absolutely amazing and so honest.My face has never had another esthetician since I've met Meme.. She's an absolute doll and I feel the weight of the world off my shoulders when I walk out of her spa. She's my go-to-lady for everything with my face as well as a therapy session. She really reminds you to take care of yourself first.When I go too long without an appointment with her, I scramble to look at my calendar to see when my NEXT appointment is. Anyone that needs a good facial should be seeing Meme every few months. I'm now scheduling all my appointments with her and almost always walk out of there with another appointment scheduled.I would keep referring her to anyone that would listen to me rave about Meme!THANK YOU, MEME.. I don't know what I would do without you!
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2011,8/23/2011,249,513,9,12,11>this papa sure can cook.roasted duck and chicken, nice crispy skin and tender meat.braised brisket with white radish in clear broth were served in large beefy slices.the salty fish chicken fried rice was flavorful and not too salty.chinese donuts "sa yung" come out fresh and hot covered in sugar.tea drinks had great flavor. line is out the door with the grand opening hype. get there early so you can get a table! parking is convenient and the restaurant sits over a dock looking over the man made lagoon.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2011,8/22/2011,330,533,10,14,13>Though tiny, this is a great used book store on HMB's Main Street. The inviting (is that weird?) smell of old books beckons me in every time I walk by. I have found some pretty rare and unusual selections here. Prices are reasonable. The clerks never hover, but they're happy to help if you need it. Like most stores on Main Street, the place isn't open late: 6pm most days, I think. I guess that's okay, since HMB is a virtual ghost town after 6 anyway (5 pm if it's a Sunday).
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2011,8/21/2011,148,223,9,10,10>Great ramen for a cold winter night....Usually you have to wait to be seated because the place is so small, but popularGarlic pork broth, regular spice my favorite! =)This place makes me happy!Restroom: makes u feel like you are in one of those airport bathrooms in the back of the restaurant you have to walk through people cooking...
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2011,8/20/2011,819,198,13,16,17>Yet another amazing night at the tiki lounge!!If you have read my last review, you should already know that my friends and I had a great time there.  But it gets even better!After visiting 3 times within the past week and a half ( no we arent alcoholics!) the owner/ one of the bartenders whose name is Dennis, surely remembered us, as we are one of the younger crowd.  He promised a pitcher on him and just last night, when we visited again, he fulfilled his promise!this time, our party of 8 ordered 5 volcano bowls and a pitcher of beer.  We ordered:Tiki Tea (again) - turns out my boyfriend's brother really liked this one. Green Monster - this one was definitely on the stronger side.  Lots of rum taste.  Not too bad.Rum Runner - this was not too bad either! The female bartender said this was one of the popular ones.Tropical Paradise - OK. I gotta say this volcano bowl tasted like juice! It was strong in the taste of pineapple and some coconut.  Very tropical indeed.  You can barely taste the alcohol.  This is also one of their popular ones.2 tickets to paradise - slightly on the stronger side. I liked it while some of the guys didnt.  Than again, this was our last order of the bowls, so our taste buds might've been a bit off? :PAs for the pitcher of beer, im not sure what we had, because it was on the house.  We also ordered 2 appetizers.  Fries for $3, delicious! andnachos for $7 or 8. Big plate, good for sharing.  It was yummy since it had sour cream and i forget what toppings..and that leaves 2 volcano bowls to finish the list!
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,8/19/2011,876,750,19,30,26>Alana's is no secret, but sometimes it can sure feel that way. Early on a weekday morning, while wandering the streets of downtown Redwood City (don't ask), I was getting frustrated by the lack of coffee shop options. I didn't want to settle for the Sequoia station Starbucks, and I really was hoping for a quiet table in a secluded corner where I could read in peace and enjoy a few refills over a freshly-baked little something. I was not familiar with the area, and it began to look like wishful thinking. "Maybe something Victorian," I mused. "Maybe a place with some character, a little off the street and surrounded by a small courtyard." Why not? It was wishful thinking, after all. In my mind, I was already ordering a venti-sized Pike's Place blend from Starbucks and preparing myself for all the free samples and brightly-lit spaces filled with Starbucks branded merchandise.Then, as I rounded the corner of Middlefield and Main, I saw something odd. An actual Victorian-era house, off the road behind a pretty brick courtyard, that was open for breakfast. There was a front porch and everything. Inside, there were open tables, lots of natural light, and pleasant decor. I took a seat, ordered coffee and an apricot-ginger scone, switched off my cell phone, opened my book, and started to read.The next hour or so is a little hazy in my mind. I recall the scone, but I lost count after the 3rd or 4th refill of coffee. I remember paying the bill, and overhearing bits and pieces of conversation, but this did little to disrupt the tranquility of the moment. Outside, Redwood City was in mid-week commuting mode. Cars came and went; commuter trains rolled past, and it soon was mid-morning. I collected my things, said my goodbyes, and left. Alana's was such a great alternative to Starbucks that day. And it gave me a sense of historic Redwood City in a way that the nearby theater district did not. What a lovely space for a simple morning meal. Wishful thinking. Try it sometime!
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2011,8/18/2011,364,222,7,10,10>Thank you food gods for bringing Cha Cha Cha to San Mateo! Big warning though...this place has been packed since it has opened. Even on a weekday finding a table can be hard, let alone on a weekend it's nearly impossible! Even with the crowds, I've manage to somehow come here twice.  I have to say even with the spotty service and major crowds, It's all worth it for the food. The food here is right on par with the SF locations along with the sangria! My three favorite dishes still are the paella, creamy shrimp dish and the steamed mussels. Only thing I miss here is the bar and place is much smaller then the other Cha Cha Cha locations. Even with that, I still love this place! I'm defiantly going to be a frequent dinner here. I heard they also have happy hour here from 5-7 with half off sangria pitchers and $5 tapas. Next thing to try here!
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2009,10/1/2009,33,73,7,8,7>What a beautiful place!  I was excited for the opening of Martins West, we need more options in Redwood City, and Martins West is certainly refreshingly unique!I went on a weekday evening for dinner on a double date.  Although Martins West does not have that o so important liquor license quite yet, they had many creative mocktinis to try.  I hear the license should be in place very soon though.  I am looking forward to it; I would bet this place would select some great beer options.I have nothing negative to say about this place - The staff was SO on top of itThe food came out in a timely fashionThe owners came by to check on our table and were very friendlyO and the food - it was wonderful!My boyfriend and I shared entrees - Fish n' Chips and the Halibut and both were fantastic we also started with the goat cheese fritters, which were also great.Did I mention how beautiful this place is?  I noticed on their website that they used reclaimed building materials, which I love to support.  The wooden bar is the focal point of this restaurant - it is just gorgeous.Check it out - you will not be disappointed.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2008,9/30/2009,123,135,6,10,7>I've been a little MIA lately when it comes to yelp reviews - but it's because we have a NEW PUPPY at home!!  I feel like everything I've been doing lately has to do with her (even NOT eating out as much so we don't have to leave her at home alone!)  But I do want to take some time to review a few of the places we've been frequenting in the last 3 months as the result of our "fur baby".A Dog's Life Palo Alto is one of them.  Not for boarding or classes but for PUPPY SOCIALS!  Puppy socials ARE AWESOME.  Let me say it again - AWESOME.  For many, many reasons:1) Your puppy learns bite inhibition (VERY important in the first few months of their life and they can really only learn it well by playing with other puppies).  Bite inhibition can be the difference between an expensive lawsuit and a happy co-existence with your doggie.2) Your puppy learns to socialize not only with other dogs of other sizes/ages, but with other humans (owners).  My family dog growing up used to bark at a certain demographic of people much to our utter embarrassment.  But had she been socialized to them, she would not have reacted that way as an adult.  Socialization should also happen before 18 weeks!3) Your puppy gets POOOOOOOOOOOOPED after just an hour!  I would take our baby to a social on Saturday morning and could then leave her at home to run errands in the afternoon with no guilt 'cuz all she was doing was snoozing.4) The A Dog's Life folks who are there present during socials aren't just there to show a presence - they're actual dog trainers and can give you tips and even help you to understand why your dog is playing/acting the way they do.  Who knew it was actually the WRONG thing to stop a humping dog from humping?  I learned that (within reason) you should see if the dog he is humping will "tell him off" before you intervene - otherwise he won't learn that it's rude.5) You can make friends with other puppy owners as you all stand around watching your "kids" play.  Knowing other people with dogs in the area is great 'cuz you can set up play-dates (to poop your dogs out) outside of the scheduled Social times.  And heck - maybe make new friends too!Don't worry if your puppy has an "accident" - they're puppies... ADL is ready for it.  You likely won't take my advice here since I'm technically a "no one" but I've actually read studies from reputable veterinary schools discussing the "Don't let your puppies around other puppies until they're 16 weeks old" vs. "Socialize, socialize, socialize ASAP".  I was worried myself since I'm such an over-protective Dog Mom.  But puppies are far more likely to develop socialization problems (which then cause them to act out/bite, which force owners to give them up, which force shelters to potentially put them down) than to get Distemper or Parvo from a doggie daycare.  Especially a conscientious and clean one like A Dog's Life.  Everyone has to show their DHPP vaccination papers before they can come in!Puppy Socials are excellent.  A Dog's Life is fantastic.  I cannot suggest either of them more!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2008,9/29/2009,375,796,6,7,7>I have slowly but surely been tapping into the little taquerias around my area, and 3 Hermanos has not escaped my sights! Early today I was looking for some nearby eats, and remembered I hadn't yet made visit to this establishment. My takeout order consisted of a quesadilla, a vegetarian burrito, and an horchata. About average horchata, but a beautifully made quesadilla with the flavors of the griddle/grill nicely imparted, served with a little fresh salad. Unlike Esther T.'s experience, I found my burrito to be fresh, bursting with many flavors, and not overly wet--quite delicious. I would like to try the shrimp burrito at some point, albeit looks to be pricey, $8 for that item! And the best thing is this place is nearly practically around the corner from me.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2009,9/28/2009,905,867,4,19,17>I was in the mood for some authentic Taiwanese cuisine so decided to drive up to Redwood City and see what all they hype about Formosa Bento House was about.  It seems Redwood City is a little bit of a hot spot when it comes to ethnic cuisine.  I've heard rave reviews for this place, Erawan, and Crouching Tiger.  Located in downtown, Formosa Bento House is a very unassuming restaurant space.  Seating is ultra casual and so is the serving style: paper cups, napkins, and bowl.  However, none of this matters when compared to the great prices and authentic food.  We shared:Hot and sour soup - At only $2.25 for a small, I loved this to start the meal.  Absolutely piping hot and very flavorful with bits of mushroom, bamboo shoots and eggs swirling in the tasty broth.  This is probably one of the better hot and sour soups I've had.Fried pork chop with sides of napa cabbage and eggplant tofu - a very large bento style box was brought out with generous servings of all items, considering the modest $6.75 price.  Napa cabbage was simple and healthy and the eggplant tofu ok.  I liked the pork chop but asked for some ketchup to dip it in.  That's what I used to do when I was a kid.  The pork chop pieces were crunchy, flaky and meaty.  Beef noodle soup - This is the dish I came for.  I loved the broth and found the flavor true to its beefy origin.  The beef tendons were also soft and flavorful as they should be.  I did find the noodles to be a bit thick, but some people like that.  I prefer either wider noodles or thinner noodles.Good news is that the Taiwanese specific menu is coming back as mentioned in Ken K.'s review.  The proprietress actually said it was coming out tomorrow.  Darn!  Missed it by one day.    Formosa Bento House takes credit cards, but just Visa and Mastercard.  No Amex.   I'll definitely have to come back soon to try that new Taiwanese menu.  Man, it would be nice to have a place like this near my work.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2008,9/27/2009,102,176,5,9,6>I love their mocha chip, chocolate, espresso and strawberry gelatos with fresh fruit on top. My daugher loves their cookies-n-cream, mint chip, and rasberry gelatos with sprikles on top. We both like their plain and mango frozen yogurt. The fruit toppings I like are bluberries, strawberries, kiwi, lychee and mango (when ripe). They also have fresh mochi (it's soft not hard and stale). They would get five stars if I knew they were organic. I assume they are not because they don't advertise that they are. The new owner is very nice and fair. They have a frequent buyer card (buy 10 get one free). You get a stamp for each $3.00 that you spend. The sandwiches are very good. The ingredients are fresh. I had a tuna on wheat and the bread was suprisingly tasty. My daughter likes their plain bagel with cream cheese. A couple of their cool and unique dishes are the waffle with fruits and gelato on top and the shaved ice bowl with fruits and gelato on top. You get more for your money here than at gelato classico. Unless you are Angilie Jolie or Brad Pitt the rules for you (the regular customer) are 1 flavor with the child size, 2 flavors with the small size. I haven't tried the medium or large so I don't know the rules for them. The child size gelato or froyo is a dollar less than the small. They have free wifi and power outlets. You will be back for more. In the summer the temperature is too hot to hang out in here.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/12/2009,9/26/2009,66,428,5,7,7>My daughter had an unusual request yesterday.  She wanted "something new...like the Chicken on a stick place (read: Thai Satay Chicken), but something I've never had before."So weI head down to Castro St. to find a new Thai place to try.  In our quest for parking during the after-church lunch rush, we saw Bangkok Spoon on a side street.  It was completely empty.  Now we were on the tail end of the lunch rush, but there were places on Castro with lines out the door...Fortunately the empty restaurant did not translate to bad food.  We had Shrimp Pad Thai, Roti with Peanut Sauce and Chicken Satay (once she saw the picture of the satay on the menu, she just had to have them anway...)Pad Thai was not my favorite.  It was a little greasy and a little sweet.  The shrimp were big, though,  Took my daughter 4 bites to eat 1 shrimp!The Roti was unexpected and amazing.  How can you go wrong with fried dough!  It was like a turnover without fruit, or a donut with no sugar.  Obviously freshly fried and quite tasty with a small amount of peanut sauce.  Unfortunately there's enough in 1 order for 4 people and we were just 2 people and yet we finished them.  The satay had great grill flavor.The ambiance is cool.  It's kinda half Thai chic, half cheap decor (like the ceiling tiles), but it was a nice open restaurant, which was cool given it was just 2 of us.  It might lack privacy if it was too full.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2009,9/25/2009,674,366,15,17,14>I first saw the website and the pictures which are posted in the account, I said wow this place looks flashy and modern, black interior, glossy-looking furniture, I cant wait to check this place out. When I got in, I started to see , it does look nice and classy but there are some things which they have to give up to maintain that look. For one thing the restroom is on the 2nd floor. I guess space in Palo Alto is really a premium. Next, the space on the ground floor is a little small. Most people dancing will end up bumping with people in the couches, which isnt a bad thing if everyone is understanding and friendly. What the hey, you may end up knowing some new friends right?There's a bar on both floors which is convenient. I guess people just head for the 2nd floor if they want to chat a bit and socialize while everyone dances at the ground floor. If you do come to dance, make sure you're wearing a thin shirt, it does get a little hot down there with all the gyrating bodies around you.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2009,9/24/2009,139,142,5,7,5>You know you can't go wrong with a place when they have the "People love us on YELP!" sticker on their entrance door. This was my first hot pot dining experience and I was really excited about it. Some people get hung up about going out to restaurants where they have to prepare their own food, but people who say that can't cook.This place is fantastic! Mindblasting! As my friend Russell Peters would say. The quality of ingredients here are all high grade. You can tell not only by the aesthetic appeal of looking at these fine quality meats, but also in their flavor profile. The garlic/sesame oil dipping sauce is divine! And there's just something about watching your own food cook in front of you that makes you hungrier and more anxious, and when you finally get to eat it, there's a deep feeling of satisfaction.Part of the allure of this place is also probably attributed to the novelty of cooking your own raw ingredients in a huge pot of boiling, flavored broth. I'm a sucker for novelties. Be fore warned, you will leave this place reeking of garlic and ginger. Fine by me...it's all part of the experience and all worth it!
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2009,9/23/2009,318,202,4,7,7>I'm surprised that this place got such low reviews. Really, I'm VERY surprised.I mean I'm about to make this my go-to brunch place and I can't believe that it has such low ratings.Nonetheless, let me describe my experience. I came here on a Saturday for brunch and it was full but not to the point where I couldn't get a table. One thing you can always count on here is ample sitting and a bright and airy ambiance. It's great for people watching if you want to sit on or near the sidewalk.The best part about this place is the food and the variety of food. They have dishes for meat, seafood and veggie lovers.  It's extremely difficult finding a place that has a couple of good vegetarian items, University Cafe has more than few.  Plus most dishes have a delightful twist to them. From Brioche French Toasts, to Scrambles to Benedicts and to Breakfast platters, University Cafe seems to have it all. Oh and they have mimosa. Sure they don't use real champagne, but sparkling wine will do and for $8 bucks they give you a half bottle. Now that's a bargain (well at least for Palo Alto). I had a veggie omelet and it was full of veggies and not overloaded with cheese (i hate places that stuff their omelets with cheese). My hubby ordered a vegan breakfast platter which was so good, I was questioning whether or not it was vegan. This is a MUST try for Vegetarians!All in all I enjoyed my brunch here including our beverages. (smoothie and mimosa). I will definitely be back here on a regular basis. I've been looking for a new brunch place since I wore out my old stomping grounds (Barrone and Brioche).  Now, I have something to look forward to every weekend AND *gasp* they're open for lunch and dinner. Muahhaha....looks like I'll be a permanent fixture here until I wear it out.Yay for University Cafe. Next time, don't just walk by this place. Walk in!
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2009,9/22/2009,291,146,4,11,11>You'll walk in and likely find a long line of Mojito glasses in various stages of progression along the bar. Why? Because these are some of the best Mojito's you are likely to find anywhere.After being seated you'll be served by an excellent wait staff. The drinks and food are constantly coming in and you shouldn't have to wait long for anything.So what about the food, you ask? Well, that's probably the best part. Everything we've eaten here has been outstanding. Be it the mussels, empanadas, or entrees like the braised pork or steak, I just don't think you can go wrong.What's the catch? Well, this place serves huge portions at seemingly high prices. The trick is to eat family style by splitting the entrees as each should easily serve two.Finally, be prepared for crowds at peak times because this place is very popular. Make reservations or go during off times.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,6/14/2011,502,315,6,11,9>Came here at 11am, and was shocked at how many cars were looking for parking in the 4 parking lots! We finally gave up, and wandered into the retirement homes, which you can't park in. Then we went to the neighborhood of houses just straight down from the parking lots, and there were plenty of street parking!It was great, since it's just a little extra walk to get to, which is why we were there for! I really enjoy this hiking trail because you always pass the Deer Hallow Farm where you can be sure to see pigs, goats, sheep, chicken, and a really old cow. Then you have a choice to go onto several different trails that all eventually lead you to the peak where you can get a view of Silicon Valley and rest a little before heading down again. It's really beautiful up there! The trails are shady and the paths are smooth. It's not a difficult trail, so there are tons of people of all different ages here. Pro tip: Don't go past 3pm (personal mistake). It's scary to be in there when it starts to get dark!! Especially in the winter. The park closes at 5:30, and you never know! You might see a mountain lion!
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2010,6/13/2011,141,329,11,3,6>Lomo Saltado...how do I love thee, let me count the ways!Your bed of white pillowy rice,Your crispy salty french fries (ordered on the side of course),Your marinated ambrosial steakA combination like you is rare; a trifecta of flavors that set my heart a flutter!You walked through the door and changed my world forever.Te quiero, Lomo Saltado.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2011,6/12/2011,711,1139,9,15,15>Now I want to come back for brunch! Start off with the million dollar view of the Pacific, sprinkle in the signature Ritz Carlton service, and finally add in some outstanding California cuisine and you have the recipe for a great special occasion restaurant. Went with a large group, so we had a private room in the back and a prix fix menu.  (yelp.com/biz_photos/dzL-)Otherwise, the $50 Tuesday night Seafood buffet looked awesome and packed the house! (yelp.com/biz_photos/dzL-)Prix Dinner (yelp.com/biz_photos/dzL-)Dungeness Crab Salad -  (yelp.com/biz_photos/dzL-)Roasted Half Moon Bay Beet Salad - (yelp.com/biz_photos/dzL-) 48 Hour Braised Beef Short Rib - Their signature dish is MELT IN YOUR MOUTH! Tender enough to cut with your elbow! Its been cooked sous vide (vacuum sealed) so the beef flavor really came out! (yelp.com/biz_photos/dzL-)Twin Girls Farms Apple Cranberry Cobbler -  Cinnamon ice cream with super tart cranberries. Didn't care for it (yelp.com/biz_photos/dzL-)Such a memorable evening, I'm keeping Navio as my "ace" when it comes to special occasion restaurants. Mother's day is right around the corner!
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2011,6/11/2011,474,505,6,11,7>Walking in you see the kitchen and bar stools, which wasn't great for our party of 3 today.. We had a little girl that could barely see over the bar. The waiter suggested the back area for seating, which was great! Don't let the 3 tiny tables in front scare you off, this place has a back area that can hold large parties.We started with Jalea, which had calamari, fish, fries, yuca.. The bistek le la pobre was my entree.. and the steak was tender and delicious. The meal itself was enjoyable, but it is on the more expensive side. There are lunch specials, but those are still around the $9 mark.Tip:  Sit in the back!
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,6/10/2011,149,582,14,17,16>So I'll have to out myself as having clothes customized in order to write this but WTH.  My favorite T-shirt from Japan (advertising the Hanshin Tigers baseball team) became my favorite shirt that didn't fit after I washed it.  And my WWDC 2010 zip jacket wasn't getting much use after the conference.  So I decided to try a mash up of the two - putting the logos from the shirt on the jacket.  No way was I gonna attempt this myself so I check Yelp for a tailor and boom there is a 4.5 star tailor reviewed by one of my friends already.  I take it in, the lady is like "no problem," they turn it around in a couple days, and $30 later I've saved my favorite non fitting T shirt from the donation pile and created the most unique piece of clothing I own.When I decided it might be time to retire my tourist kitsch Soviet T-shirt from Prague, I ran the same drill and this time it was even better.  They cut out the embroidered lettering and logo from the T-shirt and sewed it onto an American Apparel zip jacket for $25 and the result looks like I had to kill a Russian gymnast from the 80s to get it.  Nice work Designer's Tailoring!Cash or check only, btw.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2010,6/9/2011,330,533,11,11,12>Meat, meat, and more meat!  That pretty much sums up what Harry's Hofbrau is known for.  You can even see meat rotating in the front windows, beckoning you inside.  As it turns out, the stuff that you get with your meat is pretty darned good, too.My daughter is a big time carnivore.  Every now and then she considers going veg, but she just can't do it.  We came to Harry's for lunch yesterday, and she was in heaven.For less than 20 bucks, we got an order of brisket that came with mashed potatoes, salad, and a roll, plus a kid's platter of roast beef, potatoes & gravy, veggies, a drink, and dessert.  I love that one of the dessert choices was jello (c'mon, who serves jello anymore?!).The food was quite good and the service was top-noch.  The guys at the carvery joked around with us, the ladies in the drink/salad area were the super sweet types that call you "hon," and even the bussers were friendly and helpful.  As we carried our trays to our table, one of them rushed over to help us out.  Later, when I got up to get my daughter's ice cream, another busser suddenly appeared and dashed off to get a scoop for us.  Now that's service!Thanks to all the crew at Harry's for making our lunch fun and tasty!
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2011,6/8/2011,148,223,5,8,8>Great postal office...Had to get stamps for my wedding.. The lady that helped me was so nice...she got out a book to show me the different stamp designs...I chose the one I liked and she went in the back to get it for me...Nice friendly service!
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2011,6/7/2011,876,750,20,22,20>Yelpsop's Fables"The sedulous serpent"One fine morning in downtown Redwood City, a coffee-loving serpent slithered out from his lair in search of The Next Big Thing. You see, he had spent several days searching for a bagel and coffee spot that he could grow to love: a home away from home where he could settle into a warm and cozy corner, slurp some freshly-brewed java, nibble at the edges of a toasty bagel with cream cheese, and soak up a cool coffee shop vibe for a few hours before moving on with the day. It took the serpent a number of tries to get it right. Redwood City can be a confusing place for someone who wants it simple but also wants it done right. What did the serpent want? Ideally speaking? Coffee roasted in-house, with a free refill, for less than $2. Really fresh baked bagels, with a whole wheat option, if you please (because serpents like their fiber, you know). And a place with character, not 1950s era diner, or 1890s Victorian, or 1990s Starbucks, but something else: exposed concrete walls, woods and metals, an outdoor seating area, jazz music, a mix of regulars of various ages, shapes, and sizes, and what the hell - maybe even a Buy 9 espresso drinks and get the 10th one free card, just for kicks.Needless to say, this serpent had standards. But that's OK. We all need them, sometimes. And serpents can eat just about anything, if necessary. It's just nice when things are above average, that's all.So, the serpent slithered off across the railroad tracks into an unknown area, filled with auto repair shops, warehouses, and architectural firms, a place where a great coffeehouse would be like an oasis in the downtown industrial desert. And he slithered. And slithered.And then, it appeared: a small place off the beaten path, open at 6 am, and with freshly roasted coffee AND baked bagels AND cool music AND nice seating areas AND ... well, at that point, the serpent was so content with his coffee and bagel and book that be basically forget all the rest and just sipped and nibbled and sighed and wondered why it had taken him so long to find this place.Moral: Exploring a new neighborhood can be hard, especially if you have to slide around on your stomach all the time. But if you are persistent enough, you'll find just the right spot to curl up in the sun and feel happy to be alive. And if the coffee and bagels are good, it's even better! Keep slithering, and you will find your own breakfast nirvana. Just like the sedulous serpent did.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,6/6/2011,134,95,6,8,8>A hidden gem.An extremely comfortable place to study--roomy, bright, quiet, and even a study room.A huge collection of cute teapots and tea sets which I love. Friendly staff, and everyone there just minds their own business, does their thing, and I love how the music here isn't on blast like in most cafes. Oh and can't forget the free wifi (it's fast too) woo hoo.The only thing that took a star away was that every time, my latte (a pretty simple straight forward order right?) was made differently and tasted different each and every time! The last two times, it was extremely dark, watery and bitter, not enough milk. When I first went it was milky and just the way I liked it, though. Oh well, I just took the extra steps of adding extra milk in myself, no biggie.Oh, one more slight negative, is the credit card minimum.  I think it's $10, which kind of sucks because I ONLY use credit card. Hopefully they'll change this policy, just that in itself would put it a 5-star review for me!Check this place out if you want a quiet place to study and keep to yourself.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2010,6/5/2011,364,222,6,7,7>This ramen addiction really needs to stop. I cant' help it but just always crave ramen. My quest for ramen has taken me to many different places. Some good some bad. Himawari is definitely has made my list of good ones! I had the butter miso ramen and it was delicious. Not oily or salty (which is the problem of most ramen places on my bad list) and just the right amount of noodles. We forgot to ask for an egg which apparently is the star. Will have to get it the next time I come back. We also decided to go with a cold ramen and I'm glad we decided to go out of our comfort zone. It reminded me of a Thai or Vietnamese salad with ramen noodles. They served in mild spicy sauce with cold cucumbers, cilantro and lime you squeeze on top. A very light refreshing dish. Loving Himwari ramen!
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/17/2008,9/4/2008,676,1583,6,9,14>Although I still have inebriated memories of Boulevard as a Lyon's, I have to admit that the food isn't half bad. It is WAAAAAAAAAY better than drunken Lyon's food of course.Frank Sinatra was softly playing in the background, although I could barely hear it because I felt like the restaurant was ROARING. Could be due to the open kitchen. Ya can't play Sinatra and have a roaring kitchen, it just doesn't mix unless you're BLASTING the music. Also, my boyfriend and I were seated at a table that was meant for 4 people. I felt like the table was HUGE. Like there was an OCEAN in between us. But the food, the food was good. I had the spaghetti with clams and he had spaghetti with meatballs. He admitted that the spaghetti was a bit on the salty side, but he likes salt. I feel sorry for his blood pressure. The sauce for my spaghetti with clams had a touch of lemon to it so the sauce didn't feel as heavy. The acidity of the lemon cut through the heavy creaminess perfectly.Anyway, i'd come back again, especially if I want a nice place to sit down and chow down before a movie. Century 20 does not have great places to sit and eat.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2008,9/3/2008,832,283,49,22,27>Don't get me wrong.  I love good things.  If I could spend my days in Alexander McQueen and Balenciaga I would.  But sometimes dressing fierce can be a little hard on a simple girl's polyurethane pocketbook, and so she needs to turn to *those* kinds of malls to fill in her wardrobe. You know, the ones where Forever 21 is considered the high end store.  The ones where the scent is a cocktail of cheap textiles and the sweat of third world youth, with just a dash of Mrs. Fields'.Yes, Bitches, I shop at the Hilltop Mall.  I shop at the Bayfair Mall.  I've even purchased tennis shoes at the Eastmont Mall (which is always a chancy venture at best because they only let you try on one shoe while they  keep the other on lockdown).I also shop at the Southland Mall, because there I can sip an Orange Julius while I root through racks of cheap hoochie clothes.Yes, I know there is a high cost to low prices.  Blahblahblah.  I know a good humanitarian (read: LIBTARD) wouldn't wouldn't be caught dead in a hot little turquoise one-shouldered number purchased from a place like Citiwear or EOS or Bloom.  And I suppose that said humanitarian would also sooner let the girls rest comfortably upon her kneecaps than purchase a very supportive, very comfortable, somewhat sexy bra from Wal-Mart.  I know.  Bite me.  Hard.That's why it I find it extremely fitting, after several hours of purchasing clothes made mostly overseas by anally-raped workers, that a tall, strong, Chinese man would whisk me away to a dark room carrying a big ass tub of Vaseline.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/28/2008,9/2/2008,85,1621,10,14,13>Went here for happy hour and they have really good specials from 4pm - 8pm. We were surprised it wasn't as poppin' and crowded. So we went straight to the bar and sat by the beer taps. I wanted something different so I ordered a Dos Equis Lager Michelada. It's so good! Just think of a bloody mary but instead of vodka, I had mexican beer! So good that I had ordered two. I was pretty toasty at the end of our visit. Good times! Had a small mexican ceasar salad and tried the taquitos de camarones.  Our bartender, Eusebio, was funny and delightful. We got to chop it up and looking forward to the happy hour here.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2008,9/1/2008,537,770,7,6,10>A coworker sent me this fwd saying that all employees at my company get free froyo here today and also mentioned that his friends were opening this place. So of course they had me right from the start. I mean seriously free is "the value" for sure. So I fwded this on to a couple more coworkers and off we were to get our Red Mango on. Today was insanely hot and we were craving some delectable coolness in the form of tart froyo with fruit and toppings. But when we get there the line is SERIOUSLY long. Apparently many companies were on the free list today and everyone while in Palo Alto is are still "the value" minded customers, like myself. Then what makes this place really stand out... I see this really handsome Asian man and he looks so familiar but I swear I know him. Gosh he's pretty handsome in person. OH yeah, it is Yul Kwon! The winner from survivor cook islands, and he's serving froyo. Immediately thoughts race through my head of what I was going to say to him while I'm waiting in this long line, and the witty repartee we'll have, how we'll tell the grandkids how we met at the grand opening of his froyo shop. But by the time we get to the front Yul has disappeared mysteriously into the back room "end fantasy". I get my delicious small sized plain froyo with mochi balls, mango and strawberries and pout my way outside thinking what could have been... Haha. Seriously though the place was good. I have heard the rumors about the greatness of Red Mango in Korea and this was good stuff. It was tarter than Fraiche, but not in a bad way. The mochi was delicious and all toppings were basically similarly priced, and the small portion was actually quite hefty and decently sized. Not to mention that this place has the cutest chairs outside, and is well decorated. The AC wasn't doing it's thing to capacity, but I think it part it was due to the extremely hot day and wasn't helped by the continuous flow of large company cheapskates like myself. But the experience was great, they had no problems with us sampling the green tea which was good but weird being that it's tart. I discovered a new love for mochi balls with mango. And I got to find out what ever happened to the Survivor winner. He helped open a froyo shoppe! Oh and I mean the yogurt here is good too...PS. One suggestion. It was so crowded we couldn't find the trash cans anywhere to throw away our sample cup and after we had eaten. A few strategically placed cans would greatly help the feng shui of the new space and you know, keep it tidy.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2008,8/31/2008,289,323,4,8,6>I had a good feeling that they will make a frozen yogurt place in Serramonte since they have a whole bunch in the city and in some places in the peninsula. Serramonte is a good target for hungry yogurt fans because who doesn't shop at Serramonte?! HahaThe decor is very modern and nice but they don't have any seating which is understandable since the place isn't big and its near the food court so theres plenty of seating there. I was greeted by a very nice worker and he told me how the whole self serve thing worked.Planet yogurt is self served for $0.39 an ounce. Flavors including:Tart originalTaroMangoMelonVanillaChocolateBlueberryGreen tea tartLycheeAnd I believe there's another flavor but I can't quite remember. They don't had a lot of dry and fruit toppings since it's a pretty small place but for mochi lovers like Juliane they DO have it here haha. I can't remember most of the toppings but I do remember that their chnks of mango were BIG! Big and sweet! The original was actually pretty delious. The lychee yogurt had a grayish color to it but don't let that bother you, it tasted great.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2008,8/30/2008,156,263,8,12,8>How to make a good pad thai from scratch:Rice Stick Noodles: This place has a huge selection of noodles... especially rice stick noodles. Apparently theres a million brands of rice stick noodles, but they're really all the same. I prefer a nice wide rice stick  (like fettucine) for my pad thai.Tamarind Paste: Another aisle of various pastes and sauces. It took me at least 20 minutes to scan every single jar for tamarind paste.. but they just didn't have it. So much for truly making it from scratch. Guess I'll just settle for the 'Pad Thai Paste'. This is good though, because it will then save me from having to buy rice vinegar, chili sauce cayenne pepper and fish sauce. Also found in this aisle: Chinese Hot Broad paste. I feel bad for the hot broad they ground up and jarred to make this sauce possible.Chicken: Chicken thighs will do for this dish, but from experience I know that the butchers in supermarkets like these tend to be sloppy and leave a lot of fat untrimmed. Not only is it a hassle because you have to trim it later at home, but your being jobbed for your $$$ as all this excess fat adds to the weight of the chicken ultimately affecting the price.Tofu: Yes!... the sell fried tofu in one pound packages. This is perfect for the amount I'm making. (6 servings)Bean sprouts: One pound package for 69 cents. Solid.Scallions: 3 for 89 cents. Cut into bite sizes diagonally, down to the whites.Limes: Four for a dollar, pre-bagged. Woooooo.Something to drink: This is where PacSuper earns its 5 stars. As I was walking by the dairy section I found stacks of Red Horse in a 6 pack. Yeah baby. This fine malt liquor reminds me of a hot day in the Philippines (Rosario La Union, to be exact... where I first had this drink) singing karaoke in a nipa hut sweating my ass off and dodging huge flies. Miserable conditions, but good times.Execution:Soak the rice noodles for 20 minutes in hot tap water. Prep all the ingredients in the meantime.Cook off your chicken with some minced garlic, shallot, salt and chili powder.Set the chicken aside.Beat two large eggs and cooked them in a large pan, stirring vigourously to scramble them but leave them moist.Add your drained noodles and tofu.Combine.Add Pad Thai sauce.Combine until noodles are evenly coated.Add bean sprouts. Combine.Add chicken and scallions. Combine.Oh baby, you're all set.Serve with a wedge of lime. Cilantro and some chopped peanuts on top is also a nice touch.ENJOOOOOOOOOY.:::::::::::::UPDATE 3/27:::::::::::::So the result last night was tasty, fresh and filling. But there was room for improvements. Let me tell you something about us chefs: We are perfectionists to the highest degree. Perfection is our livelihood, and anything less is unacceptable. I spent all day thinking about what kind of tweaks I could make to this dish. This time I used clear rice stick noodles instead of white noodles. Also I cooked the noodles in hot (but not boiling) water and cooked them to 60% doneness. Last night I cooked it to 80% and during the stir fry process the noodles became overcooked. At 60 percent, the noodles are pliable but still hard in the center. By thetime all the ingredients and sauces were combined and stirfried, the noodles were perfect. The result was a nice tender noodle which absorbed more of the pad thai sauce. Absolutely phenomenal.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2008,8/29/2008,106,181,13,14,16>Filipinos know how to use a pig.  Pork leg, pork fat, pork skin.  Deep fry it, braise it, grill it.  Smack it up. Flip it. Rub it down. Oh no!  Is there no end to the bounty?  Obviously I'm not a vegetarian but I do get a little grossed out at the thought of the poor pig being so exploited.  I rationalize this pity by realizing the pig is well used and appreciated.  Not a bit of it is wasted.  Take Patio Filipino for instance.  An entire dish devoted to pork fat.  High in calories?  Yes.  Delicious?  Yes.  A lentil soup that would be perfectly fine on its own.  Add a few dices of bacon and it's now fantastic.  Have some raisins and a fried egg lying around?  Add some ground pork and it's now Carne ala Cubana.  This dish sounds not so good, to say the least.  But it's great and it comes in a lunch special with the bacon soup.  My coworkers and I tried this place on a Filipino whim and we didn't regret it.  I'm no expert on Filipino food but my Filipino coworker approved.  In my book, being of Filipino heritage makes her an expert on Filipino restaurants.  Kitchy island dcor and a cute patio fronting El Camino Real added to the Filipino charm.  Next time I'm going to get the paella and a scoop of ube ice cream served in a coconut.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2008,8/28/2008,64,28,7,9,9>If you are a hot chocolate addict and would like to try liven up your drink, stop by Coupa Cafe to get a sip of their spicy hot chocolate.  This will get you acquainted with Venezuela's interesting definition of this drink caliente.  With more than 200 reviews, you can tell that it is pretty busy, so it comes with the nuances of being popular.  So it gets packed and the line is too long for coffee, tea, dessert or quiche, and the space is not quite enough to be standing. So what? That's all part of the deal. I like to bring my friends and family who want to catch up and see where our silly selves are at with our lives.  If we're lucky, we can even get to sit on the wooden seat in front of the fireplace and chill with the chillies of Venezuela. Not only does this cafe fit well in the little street of University Avenue but it also fits my slightly exotic taste. Olé for Coupa Café!
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2008,8/27/2008,493,463,8,11,10>Sometimes I feel as though I'm giving y'all my deep dark beauty secrets ... I mean, I kinda wish I could mislead you into believing I wake up looking just soo ....  I wish!  ;)As I've touted plenty of times in the past, I am a girly girl - I love my makeup, shoes and handbags.  I just can't get enough!  I am so very, very particular (a nice way of calling myself fastidious, finical, finicky, fussy, meticulous, particular, persnickety -- you get the idea...)  So, when I tell you that I trust my face - my beauty - for those special events to Renza's makeup artistry, do not take this recommendation lightly!  Each time that I have had Renza make me over, I walk in without a stress.  "Do up my face the way you see fit.  I want to pop.  I want to look like I should be on the red carpet."  That's it.  That's all I say.  No long list of what I like - what I don't like - how I like this color vs. that color ... And if you know anything about me, that's impressive.  I walk out of there looking as though you'll be seeing my face on the pages of Allure or Bazaar (again, I wish)...I was recently at a wedding in which Renza did the makeup for the bride and her mother and mother-in-law.  I can honestly say that I have never seen the bride look more gorgeous!  Renza took the brides own personal style and elevated it - made her radiate and glow.  Absolutely amazing!!So, now that you're dreaming up an event that you want to be the focus of everyones attention - what do you do?  Pick up the phone and make an appointment - ASAP!  But if I find that you've taken a time that I need her magic, expect a call ... ;)
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2007,8/26/2008,32,15,7,12,7>So, I've done a lot of different services both at this La Belle and the one in San Francisco (waxing, manicure, pedicure, lash tint, facial).  My experience is with La Belle that it is all about who your aesthetician is.  And, La Belle Stanford has two fabulous ones - Stella and Alisa.  They both work a few days in the city too.Like that line from Legally Blonde - the best aestheticians are eastern European.  Stella and Alisa are both eastern European and they are fantastic.  Fast, meticulous - I've had waxing and facials from both for the past 3 years.  For waxing - they are super fast -- which in my view is the most important attribute in a waxer.  Make it fast and painless.  They usually have me done in half the alloted appointment time.  For facials, they both have good judgment and select really good products that my skin responds well too, and they do a very good deep set of extractions.I'd recommend them for waxing and facials to anyone.  My only hesitation in writing this review is that I don't want more competition for their appointment times!For manicures and pedicures, La Belle is a solid but expensive choice.  Manicures last 7-9 days.  Pedicures about 3 weeks.  They do a quality job, are very sanitary, and use a good long lasting polish for two coats (plus a base and top coat).  If you aren't fussy about mans/pedis, La Belle isn't worth the money.  But, if you are picky or it's a special occasion, they are worth it.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,4/1/2011,502,315,4,10,7>I'm so excited about this place. It's close to my work and its affordable healthy go so it's a great lunch spot for sit down or take out. I like the beef bibimbap. Instead of scrambled eggs, which it comes with, ask for sunny side up instead! This made a world of difference since it makes the bowl more moist and saucy once you POP that egg yolk into the rice/veggies/meat. We had a side of kimchee pancake for $2.75 between my friend and I.  This pancake was sooo good and really took me back to when I went to Korea. This was almost exactly like the street food I had in Seoul! Loved it.Our whole lunch was $20 including tip. I really am a fan of all the veggies they put into the bibimbap. Not to mention, the kimchee cabbage side was an awesome added touch. So happy to have found this little gem off Shoreline.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2011,3/31/2011,809,645,12,15,15>Here's a BIG Yelp thank you to all those folks that gave Akane a good review.  My daughter and I came here for dinner and it was awesome.  The location is a bit funky - buried behind a closed-up building with the entrance down a strange alley, but once we found the front door it was magic.  The servers were very friendly and the decor not what you'd expect from the sometimes stuffy Los Altos restaurants.  All of the guests were smiling which said that we were in for a treat.  They first brought us little trays of pickled sprouts that weren't too heavy on the vinegar.  The wine list is simple, but good.  I had the half bottle of J Lohr Seven Oaks that was a reasonable $16.  We ordered California Roll (for the teenager), Rainbow Roll (which wasn't on the menu, but they were excited to make for us), and a modified Dragon Roll (the kid doesn't like eel).  All were very fresh and delicious.So happy to have found a good, reasonable sushi place in Los Altos and we'll definitely be back for more!
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2010,3/30/2011,474,505,8,9,6>After being burned by waxing, I wanted to try threading. A co-worker recommened Shipli, so I blindly went to her to try threading for the first time. She's so busy that you should get an appointment beforehand, unless you have a little time on your hands and can wait, she'll take you in between appointments. She's that quick! For $10, I walk out of her place, with clean and tamed eyebrows. I've been seeing her for over a few years now and will keep coming back.A word of caution, if you are doing threading on the lip, it HURTS! But you'll have a smooth upper lip afterwards! Just gotta put on your big girl panties and deal with it. I will never go back to waxing for anything. Shilpi has converted me to threading.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2010,3/29/2011,141,329,4,5,5>What's a sure way to warm up on a cold night?  Pho of course!In a rare visit to Redwood City that didn't first involve a trip to my beer garden, we sat down at Pho Dong to get all warm and cozy over a hot meal.First impressions: very clean, and nicely decorated!  The staff are friendly, although somewhat understaffed it seemed.  The seating arrangement is a little weird, with the booths facing out onto the other tables, which makes it kinda awkward at times.But the Pho?  Really yummpy!  I got the steak and brisket, which came out lickety split and piping hot.  I especially liked that it wasn't too oily. The vermicelli bowls caught my eye too, so I'll save that for a future trip.The prices aren't the usual cheap ones at other Pho restaurants, but I'm happy to pay the extra couple dollars for a cleanliness and less greasy food.  Still very reasonable though...Pho Dong adds to the already diverse culinary options in the neighborhood, and I'll be back for sure!
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/7/2011,3/28/2011,330,533,7,10,11>I'm so glad there is a restaurant at this location again.  This property was once a train station -- one of two (?) stops on the long-gone Ocean Shore Railroad.  Pretty cool that the building is still standing.From start to finish we received good service at Flavor.  They have a very professional staff here.  If you come for dinner, I recommend the tasting menu, which gives you a starter, entree and dessert for $29 (or a few more, depending on the entree you choose).  The portions are very generous.The sliders (as some have said, the chorizo adds a nice spicy, smoky kick), short ribs, and ice cream sandwich with chocolate chip cookies were good.  I'd love to see them add some more seafood dishes to their menu.I hear they are hoping to get their liquor license within a few weeks.  That's good, because the have a little bar area with TVs which would probably be a nice place to catch a game.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,3/27/2011,711,1139,13,16,16>$40 is a small price to pay to stuff and drink yourself silly. Definitely the largest and one of the nicer shabu places I've been to. I like how it's roomy and the tables are spread out. There's a private room if you wanted to be ummm.. alone with your meat? Anyways, in about a week and a half, I went here 3 times in various sized groups and always had friendly and good service. So, definitely good for groups. - Christmas "White elephant" with friends (12 people in private room)- Guys night out / birthday dinner.  (8 hungry dudes) that later became 14 when more people showed up later that night. (tables combine)- Dinner date with another couple (4 people) Details: ALL YOU CAN EAT - $30 Can't go wrong with their spicy miso!  (yelp.com/biz_photos/6ImU)ALL YOU CAN EAT AND DRINK - $40 (Sake, Sapporo, Kirin, Asahi) Ow my liver shot.(yelp.com/biz_photos/6ImU)* Notes * - The only thing that's stopping the 5th star is that their beef and sauces aren't as tasty as other places (Shabuway), but that's what the scallions and garlic for! *** The roominess and easiness of going to this location more than make up for it.- Plenty of easy parking with lots on each street over. - They have sake bomb contests for those that really wanna get down.-  If you're doing the AYCD and still wanna party after dinner, Behan's is a chill bar right around the corner.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,3/26/2011,198,547,5,6,5>How is such a cool place like this in REDWOOD CITY? It's about time!They let us taste their wines for FREE. And, of course, their most expensive one ($13 cab) was by far their better wine. So much for a cheapie Redwood City glass of wine ;)The ambiance was really relaxing! We stayed a bit past midnight and we weren't kicked out, the service was really accommodating. They should play some music though. I didn't try the food. Went on a Friday night around 10PM and it was pretty busy but cleared out by 11:00PM.Tip to owners: play some music and turn up the heat a little it was pretty cold!
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2011,3/25/2011,403,410,8,10,9>I was last here more than a few years ago and the fond memory of the dinner never went away.  I recall I had a duck entree of some sort (nonexistent now) and delicious vegetables.Came back with a lovely gentleman recently and had a memorable meal.  Made an Open Table reservation for 5:30, found parking close by, and were seated right away on time.We ordered the Taro Root Rolls, Garlic and Crab noodles, Shaking Beef, Tofu and Basil side, brown rice and coconut rice.  Plenty of food for 2 people.  -Taro Root Rolls weren't anything special and I had thought there would be more taro in them...-Garlic and crab noodles were good, but I was a little annoyed that I had to stir them to mix the crab from the bottom.  I'm all for DIY food, but why didn't the restaurant mix it up before serving?  Slightly odd.  The waiter came by and even mentioned it a bit after-the-fact.  Was I supposed to know it wasn't mixed together already?-Shaking beef was really tender and flavorful.  Accompanied really well with the rice combo we ordered.  I love meat.-Tofu and basil side was probably my favorite.  I could eat that side dish with plain white rice and be supremely satisfied.  Seems easy to make at home.  I had an Asian Pear cocktail that was delicious and light.  The gentleman had a smooth Manhattan.On the post-meal side, looking at the rather extensive yet non-fusion dessert menu, we decided to both try the Yamazaki Coffee.  TERRIBLE CHOICE.  SO BITTER.  And oddly presented... with a dollop of whipped cream just plopped in the glass.  It looked like cooking fat.  Very unappetizing.  So much so that I returned it.  A test of good service is that it didn't appear on the bill afterwards (which should always happen when something is returned).All in all, a satisfying win.  I'm glad that Tamarine has upheld its high standards for delicious cuisine and good service through all these years.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2010,3/24/2011,364,222,7,8,8>I will never stray from Marlinda's!Yes, as a woman waxing will always be painful but at Marlinda's they actually make it quite bearable.  The ladies here are all pros and will make it as easy as possible for you.I've gone to a couple of different people here but my favorite has to be Stacee.  She is fast, friendly and makes the whole experience pleasant.  I'm literally in and out in 15 - 20 mins.One new thing that Marlinda's has recently added is being able to book all your appointments online.  You no longer have to sit on the phone asking what blocks of time they have open.  You can book it all from the luxury of your home without ever picking up the phone.I'll see you again soon Marlindas!
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2010,3/23/2011,249,513,9,11,12>never thought that i'd say this, but beef tongue is delicious! kokko knows how to grill it perfectly, served sizzling hot, juicy, fatty, tender, and flavorful.chicken hearts, cartilage, liver, thighs, pork cheek, pork belly, kalbi, shishito peppers, tofu, oysters, squid, shitake mushrooms, pate with garlic toast, albacore tuna sashimi, bacon wrapped enoki, grilled rice ball, chicken karaage...we ate so much variety and everything was delicious. and most importantly, everything was served hot.green tea mochi and pear sorbet to boot.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2014,10/1/2014,61,570,3,8,6>This is my favorite milk tea place is the entire Bay Area, and I'm so happy that it's close by.Here's what sets this place apart in my book:1.  Quality of tea is top notch, you can tell by fresh aroma2. They offer milk teas that use organic milk (not the typical nondairy "powder" that most places use)3. They offer "teapresso" varieties which are fresh-brewed immediately4. Comebuy has global branches (HK, Japan, Singapore, Europe) spun out of home country of Taiwan. This branch is the _only_ US branch outside of NYC. 5.  I like aloe, and this place's aloe seems to be the least processedBefore this place opened up, my favorite tea place used to be Ocha Tea in Mountain View. I've also frequently gone to Fantasia & Tea Era (Mtn View) in the past. Tpumps is more americanized - tea itself not as high end but added flavors can be interesting and price is cheaper. But yeah comebuy is the best!
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2014,9/30/2014,452,471,4,9,8>This place is seriously everything that I could want in a restaurant and then some.  The layout and decor are very simple but you'll be too distracted by the food and drinks to notice anyhow. The caprese bread was wonderful- tasty fresh ingredients. The wings were awesome, I would have eaten the whole plate!!! They definitely have a kick to them but they are sooooo good.  The pork sandwich was a great size and came with a good helping of cole slaw and fries, definitely something to be shared.  The cocktails.. I had the "Georgia Line". OMG Y'ALL. The COCKTAILS come in PINT GLASSES for $7!!!!!! This drink had me singing some Florida Georgia Line... I can't wait to go back soon!
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2014,9/29/2014,62,482,5,9,4>its like a hot sauna in here.  one fan blowing this tiny hole in the wall.  maybe they are trying to re-enact the philippines to make you feel at home with this hot place.  after you get over the heat, its a small lil quaint place.  this place is interesting because it has both Filipino and Mediterranean food.  so in the beginning of the meal they give you pita bread and hummus.  the pita bread was nice and soft and the hummus had a bit of garlic taste which was good.  tried the combo with sausage and sweet bacon with garlic rice salad and two eggs any style for 14 bucks with tax.  not bad, definitely filling.  didn't get to try the lumpias although i wish i had because most people said they were really good.  maybe next time.  people say it gets crowded because only a few tables here but i came around 12 on a friday and it wasn't too crowded so i guess we got lucky. anyways pretty solid food for the area for a lunch or breakfast.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2014,9/28/2014,43,112,4,4,2>This place is located right in downtown San Mateo.  There are a couple tables downstairs and about three booths and three tables upstairs with some TVs mounted on the wall for some entertainment if needed.  The menu is simple and to the point which is great so you are not overwhelmed with too many options.  We ordered 2 lbs of shrimp with mildly spicy lemon butter flavored sauce, some gumbo, sweet potato fries, garlic noodles and fried cat fish.  The menu indicates 4 levels of spiciness for the fresh stuff (mild, medium, spicy, and explosive).  The mild is somewhat spicy (to me at least), which makes me very curious on how spicy "explosive" is on the way in, and not to forget on the way out :-).  The fried catfish was surprisingly good, thin battered outside and did not taste like it had been frozen which was fantastic.  The garlic noodles were very garlicky too but good.  My only qualm has to do with how they present the freshly boiled stuff, which is in an open ended bag.  I know this is how probably how some other places do it but dinner got a little dangerous for me.  Since the bag has very hot contents inside and just placed on the table, it's easy for the food to just ooze out from one of the edges and I don't feel like getting burned.  I would come back here again to hit up the fried cat fish again as everyone loved my pick and wanted to have more of it too.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,9/27/2014,905,867,6,11,8>With all the Neopolitan pizzerias opening up in the South Bay and the Peninsula, it's only fitting that one of the big daddies of them all - Pizzeria Delfina - has opened up on the Peninsula, first in Burlingame and now in Palo Alto. Pizzeria Delfina takes over the former spot of Empire Tap Room and the spot is perfect.   The interior is clean and bright and the outdoor seating is open-aired, warm, and inviting. I stopped by for a very quick bite and the outdoor area was full, even though they don't formally open for their official hours, including dinner service, tomorrow. Chilled tripe "Tripperia Style" - $8.50.  As a frequent consumer of tripe, it's great to see this on the menu.  It was brought to my attention by Kim N's review and it's a great appetizer.  Served more room temperature, you add your own twist of lemon, quality chili oil, and  Maldon sea salt flakes.  The tripe quality is top notch and each piece is soft and tender.  While it's not going to touch Chef Ma's or Fey's beef tendon and tripe dish for me, perhaps the presence on the menu of a hotspot restaurant will help expand America's palette.  Panna with Fennel Sausage aka "the Magic Pie" - $10.75.  They were sold out of my choice of Carbonara, so the waitress suggested this.  It's a tomato sauce pie with cream and basil that gives it some characteristic of a white pie.  The shaved parmagiano is great and the fennel sausage (off menu) gives the pie more flavor. Great crust with nice burnt edges and flavorful dough.  I'll be back for the Carbonara but this was good. Overall, Pizzeria Delfina is another welcome SF institution to the Peninsula.  I suspect all the dot com and internet companies are a partial reason all these places are willing to come down more South and, if so, I'll gladly take the trickle down economics.  While many pizzerias have opened as late, the one thing you get with a place like Pizzeria Delfina is experience.  Servers were on point, food came out quickly, and the whole operation already seems to be a smooth operation.  It reminds me of when deep dish star Blue Line (of Little Star SF fame) expanded and continues to expand in the Bay Area.  Good stuff. Pizzeria Delfina accepts credit cards. Including Amex.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2014,9/26/2014,349,263,9,17,11>I've wanted to try Oren's Hummus Shop in Palo Alto for some time, but always ended up dining elsewhere. Luckily for me, Oren has opened up a casual spot with an abbreviated menu in downtown Mountain View. I'm definitely not a subject matter expert when it comes to Israeli cuisine, but there's competition in the surrounding area when you consider Mediterranean or Middle Eastern joints such as DishDash, Dish N Dash, Kabul, Agape Grill, Athena Grill, Falafel Stop, Ephesus.  The menu includes pita sandwiches, hummus bowls, grilled entrees and 14 side options. Nine of the sides, plus hot green Harissa sauce and red chili garlic sauce are available in the Grab & Go cooler.  Also in the cooler - drinks like Leffe, Angry Orchard Crisp Apple Hard Cider, glass bottle Coke, glass bottle Diet Coke, Ocean Spray apple juice box, bottled water.Pita Sandwiches (on white or wheat pita) - Falafel, Sabich, Chicken, Beef and Oren's.Hummus Bowls (served with two pitas) - Classic, Chickpea, Fava, Mushroom and Moroccan Beef.Grilled Entrees - Grilled Chicken, Beef Kebab, Rice BowlSides ($3.95 each) - Israeli Salad, Marinated Beets, Moroccan Carrots, Green Cabbage, Red Cabbage, Hummus, Oren's Eggplant, Romanian Eggplant, Greek Style Eggplant, Babaganoush, French Fries, Sweet Potato Fries, Falafel, Rice.We parked in the parking structure and entered through the back door. As we approached the front, one of the friendly employees welcomed us, asked us if it was our first time, and explained the menu and set up to us. We decided to try the Grilled Chicken entrée, Beef Kebab entrée and Oren's Eggplant, Romanian Eggplant, Babaganoush and Falafel sides. The grilled chicken was lean, mildly seasoned, not spicy, not salty, fully-cooked but not juicy. The flavor was very well-balanced. The beef kebabs were on the drier side and I wouldn't order it again. Warm cinnamon spice stands out in the beef kebab. The presentation of the entrees could use some sprucing up with an inexpensive garnish, like shredded romaine or cabbage under the grilled meats or maybe some sliced radish? Add some color, you know?Grilled Chicken, includes two sides $12.95 - all natural chicken with secret spicesBeef Kebab, includes two sides $12.95 - ground beef and lamb with a blend of herbs and spicesOren's Eggplant - a puree of fried eggplant, spices, caramelized onion and hard-boiled eggRomanian Eggplant - fire-roasted eggplant mashed with red bell peppers, lemon, cilantro and garlicBabaganoush - fire-roasted eggplant mashed with tahini, garlic and herbsFalafel - five falafel balls topped with tahini sauceI didn't try the falafel, but of the three eggplant sides I tried, I liked the Romanian Eggplant the most. Nice, bright fire-roasted flavor, sweetened with red bell peppers. The tasty Babaganoush was garlicky and had rich mouthfeel. Very yummy. The wheat pitas were thick and fluffy. Different, but good.Oren's Hummus Shop is a welcome addition to Castro Street. I had pretty high expectations. Admittedly, I wasn't impressed with the grilled meats, but the fire-roasted eggplant sides were superb. The service was friendly, fast and helpful, too. 3.5 stars rounded up to 4. Hummus bowls - you're next!!! I've got high expectations for the hummus. It's Oren's Hummus Shop, after all!!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2014,9/25/2014,751,680,12,17,16>Ever have one of those days you're craving some something that's comforting, kind of cheesy, filling, but not to the point that you'll be in a food coma?The family and I just spent the day walking around SF playing tourist, and were on the road heading some along the Peninsula.  We were in the mood for dinner, and I suggested this checking out this place, since it was along the way.Got there around 7:30 PM, and expected a wait for a table.  Ten minutes later, they called us, and were seated up on the mezzanine, overlooking the entire restaurant, including the open kitchen.We went through the menu, and gave our order to the wait-person.  Food came out very quick.  Here's what we ordered:-Broccoli Ciccio (yelp.com/biz_photos/pizz): broccoli with garlic and capers.  Served cold, kind of reminds of Chinese preparation of Broccoli, but very tasty.  Well prepared, not overly cooked.-Neapolitan Meatballs in Sugo (yelp.com/biz_photos/pizz):  Three meat balls cooked in little cast iron pan, served with 3 buttery slices of crostini.  Moist meatballs, and a nice fresh and lively tomato sauce.  Crostini was perfect to soak up all of the sauce.-Margherita: A classic with tomato sauce, mozzarella, and basil.  Arrived hot to the table with cheese oozing with each slice.  The crust of this pizza was outstanding.  A thin, yet chewy crust that held the cheese and sauce together without falling apart.  Nice blistering on the edges!-4 Formaggi: Similar to the Margherita, but with fontal, provolone, pecorino, with the mozzarella.  Nice blend of cheeses that complemented well with each other.  Crust outstanding as well.Service was quick and efficient.  Loved the layout out of restaurant, and well as the availability of an outdoor patio in the back.If you love thin crust pizza, this is your place.We'll be back!
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2014,9/24/2014,189,560,6,11,10>Loved their Yucca fries! A must have. Moist inside but crispy outside. Amazing. It might have been the best Yucca fries I've had for years. We also ordered the pork sandwich and the chicken sandwich. My partner liked the chicken sandwich more. In his own words "the best chicken sandwich ever". I have to admit, the chicken was very tender. The entire sandwich has a simple taste, the sauce wasnt over powering the meat. You can truly enjoy the taste of the chicken. But my favorite was the pork sandwich. This is really a personal choice. For me, I always enjoy the explosion of different, bold flavors in my mouth. And the pork sandwich managed to do just that. There were definitely a lot going on in that sandwich. Highly recommend. I would love to visit again.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2014,9/23/2014,273,197,5,8,10>I needed a quick trim for bangs and length. Because my usual hair salon was all booked for the weekend, I decided to give Flow Salon a try. For one thing, I really appreciate that the stylist works late, until around 7pm. Still, I called ahead to make a reservation, in case he was booked. Thankfully, he had a few openings later on a Saturday (5 and 6pm).Roy was the only one working that day. When I sat down, he didn't say anything so I told him what I wanted and about the texture of my hair. He listened while touching and examining my haircut and hair for himself, then commented on what he felt would suit me. Although we didn't talk a lot, I could tell he was very focused at his craft, carefully cutting each section and then blow drying small sections at a time. In the end, I loved the way my hair felt and really appreciated that he took the time to listen to create the haircut that I actually wanted! Moreover, he gives a great blow dry which left my hair bouncy and supple to the touch afterwards. I will definitely be coming back especially considering that his price is decent and does a great job. Women's hair cuts start at $35 and bang trims are $8.He also does Japanese straightening, for those who are interested. I have not done it before. However, based on the number of people who walked in to make an appointment, he seems very legit. Other thing to note is that he does get people either calling or walking in to make an appointment, so he might stop mid-styling to set them up. I don't have any complaints because it doesn't take him long.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2014,9/22/2014,169,398,13,13,14>Everyone who knows me knew I had mentioned getting a haircut since April. Yep, it's July. I waited till July. My need for a haircut spanned four months and two states. Ironically enough I'm very protective of my long hair...maybe not so good at protecting "it" exactly since my split ends were a little up the wazoo, but I really really like to keep my hair on the longer side.Step 1: Okay, narrowed it down to Mtn. View Salons. Step 2: Down to three salons.Step 3: Read reviews on David and set up appointment. I was happy because my weekend schedule was packed and the perfect timing was available. Alas, dooms...oh wait Saturday came. Decor/Atmosphere:The salon itself is pretty basic. The decor is okay...nothing like many of those fancy schmancy salons I've been to before, but I'm not there to feast the eyes.Cut: David knew what he was talking about. He asked me what I wanted to do as I made whining puppy dog, scared noises as I told him not to cut off too much. I asked him to cut off an inch. In terms of layers, I didn't even remember if my hair was layered, but he took the lead and did a nice job with the layers! He also did a very thorough wash with a scalp massage. He also chatted with me about 4th of July and my weekend plans. All around nice guy too...which never hurts! I say, as long as I don't walk out crying, you've got a happy camper. But, I guess the big testament is..if I need a cut again, I'll return!
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,8/1/2013,378,248,10,11,13>Celebrated new apartment with the bf with a large Blue Line deep dish pizza (eaten while sitting on our bare living room floor)...and it was the best "first fooding!!"Blue Line uses the same delicious cornmeal crust as Little Star, and it is the perfect amount of thickness, chewiness, and saltiness all around, and never gets soggy. The "Blue Line" aka "Little Star" pizza is just SO good...spinach blended with ricotta (instant excellence) & feta, mushrooms, onions, garlic, and tomato sauce, (and add fresh mozzarella and pesto!)...it is the perfect flavorful combination of everything. Our go-to pizza spot now without a doubt :)Oh, and our pizza box really did have our order written on it, with a blue line drawn across it with a marker. I see what you did there.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,7/31/2013,896,808,23,27,25>No need to fake foodgasms for me. Two years after my initial review, I "like you like you," Refuge. For reals.Sometimes the third time is the charm. Maybe it was the company of the other two charming Yelpers, the charming server who happens to be a dad of one of my son's buddies, the sweet story one of the Yelpers told me about the Refuge owner Matt being very gracious, or ordering the right thing from the menu.And while we're at it, who goes to the Refuge and orders a salad?! It seems like a strange Bay Area hippie move, but when you're at the Refuge and not feeling particularly carnivorous, why order meat? I know, it's a Man Cave type place that's all about meat, particularly the famous house made pastrami.Our server assured me the salad was excellent, and sure enough, he spoke the truth. It was the Scallop Salad, featuring Napa cabbage, baby spinach, seared scallops, topped with avocado dressed in beurre blanc, sprinkled with sesame, mango, pecans, ginger, soy ginger dressing served on side. yelp.com/biz_photos/the- There is an art to a well-made, balanced salad, and this salad was artfully done. I really loved the ginger, mango, and avocado - everything was fresh and tasty. Not exactly what expect from a Man Cave Meat and Beer establishment. And with no bravado this time.And while we're speaking of redemption, as I am upgrading the Refuge, I had a broadening experience here. My friends suggested I try their beer. Now I like beer about as much as Rene C likes fish, which means I haven't even tried it in 15+ years. No likey. Serious alcohol profiling. But since the Refuge is so famous for their Belgian beer and my friends smiled so sweetly and spoke of celery tones in the beer (what?), I let Yelpcuriosity take over and tried a sip of each beer. Surprisingly, I only hated one of them, the Leffe Brunne. The lighter colored Pranqster, (that may or may not have had celery tones - two out of three of us could not taste celery, but the one who could is a trained chef, so she may trump the other two of us) did not suck for me. Not that I expect to be back drinking beer all the time, but good to know I'm not simply a hater.So, after being a bit let down after my first two Refuge visits, I find myself warming up to the Refuge. Now that the swagger seems gone, the heart and soul (fantastic food/drinks and excellent service) are able to shine through. Thanks to my Yelper friends for encouraging (ahem-forcing) me to try it again. It was worth another visit for sure, and well deserving of an upgrade.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,7/30/2013,263,206,3,5,5>Not sure what the lunch crowd is like but this place is fairly empty whenever I stop by, which is great because then the service is extra fast.+Kimchi Pancake--Definitely get this! I don't even like kimchi but I will eat this entire pancake.+Healthy Bi Bim Bap options! I suspect this is also a great place for anyone with gluten allergies or on a gluten-free diet. Just stay away from the soy sauce...+Regular (less healthy) Bi Bim Bap here is quite tasty as well :)+Get extra protein for just a few more dollars! They are generous with portions so I normally skip this option.+Super cheap menu!Fun fact:If you look at the cost of their menu items, they do not end in the traditional $X.00, $X.50, $X.75, $X.95, $X.99. The reason behind this is so that your bill becomes even dollar amounts after tax. Yay! No more carrying around spare change that weigh down my wallet/bag!
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,7/29/2013,275,494,11,12,12>Asian Chipotle yo, nuf said :)I had the Ssam Bowl with beef (came with rice, korean style bean sprouts and beef). The rice was a tad spicy (kimchi rice), dry and gooey just like the bibimbab rice from korean restaurants, yumm. It's flavorful though. One gf got salad with pork and the other got salad with chicken and one other got the banh mi sandwich with beef.They all raved about what they were munching on, so it was a good sign. The salad came with spicy peanuts on the side. If you're not a spicy food eater, the nuts might burn your throat hahahahah. One gf told me she would prefer the dressing to be on the side (the other gf did order dressing on the side) because she thought her salad was a bit overdressed. However, they all liked and enjoyed their food and vowed to come back :).The portion was actually not too big, chipotle certainly got you more banks on your bucks. However, the food, overall, was very flavorful and more ASIAN chipotle ahahhaah...:)Can't wait to try their pork buns!
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2013,7/28/2013,181,203,2,3,4>I really can't begin to describe my joy and delight when I happened upon this place today during the Los Altos Art & Wine Festival.What drew me in was the brightly colored rainbow of colors painted on the outside and then my eyes drifted to the beautifully styled windows that lead me to believe it was the crafter's paradise...and it was.Inside was an assortment of FABRICSNOTEPAPERSFELT BALLS, KITS and BANNERSPARTY SUPPLIESLETTERPRESS SUPPLIESand all kinds of other wonderful crafty things that just about made my head explode!!!Not only to they have all of those lovely things stocked and beautifully curated they also have a workshop and studio that you can go to turn it all into a completed project!!This is a fantastic idea and I certainly will be back to spend lots of time and money there- I hope they do really well!!!!
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,7/27/2013,29,229,4,5,4>Walking into the store, I felt like there could have been a walking tour of how to roast and brew coffee here.  The giant roaster, roasting away in the back wall, coffee beans galore on display, I knew that I was in the right place for my coffee needs.Which on this day was getting a grinder and some beans for my brother's birthday.  The attentive, knowledgable and friendly staff let me know about the different styles available, their experiences with them and what to expect.  After making that choice, there was also a laundry list of various beans to choose from - there's a bean for everyone.I love the self-service for the brewed coffees - easy, no fuss and I get to dawdle as much as I care to without feeling like I'm holding a whole line up.A bit of an awkward area to reach (much easier to be heading west on Middlefield than east, due to a lack of nearby crosswalks), but well worth the trek.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,7/26/2013,349,263,7,9,8>Blue Line deep dish pizza really makes my day. Today, I went there for lunch and was seated in Miriam's section. She was really friendly and always had a big smile whenever she came to check on us. The deep dish takes about 30 minutes, so I've made a habit of calling in with a pre-order. We pre-ordered a large deep dish half Blue Line with bacon and half Meatball. The menu says the meatballs are spicy, but it's actually quite mild. Both pizzas feature ricotta cheese, but they put dollops of ricotta on the Blue Line half.  It was a creative and aesthetically pleasing way to delineate the halves, plus more ricotta! Score! I've tried the deep dish Classic and Vegetarian pies as well, and they were both delicious. My hands down favorite is definitely the Blue Line with its sweet and creamy ricotta, salty feta and gooey mozzarella cheeses, plus spinach, mushrooms, onions and garlic. If you must have some meat on your pizza, definitely give the Brass Monkey a try. It's the Blue Line with Italian sausage. Yum! The sturdy cornmeal crust is crunchy with a beautiful crumb structure. It's strong enough to withstand the toppings and rich garlicky tomato sauce without being difficult to bite through or scratching up the roof of mouth. The first slices are always hot and crispy. AND it tastes delicious.A big shout out to the owner, Angela, who I was really excited to meet. Thank you sooooo much, Angela, for opening a Blue Line location on Castro Street. I had been anxiously awaiting the grand opening, emailing my friends with every new development (look, there's a sign; look, the awning is up; look, they're finishing on the dining room!) and was excited to check it out on the first official day. Curb-side pickup is available, too. They'll stand out on the sidewalk with your pizza, waiting for you to pull up in your car. Genius! No more excuses, what are you waiting for?
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2013,7/25/2013,128,442,3,8,5>I spent much (too much) of the '90's traveling back and forth to Brasil - Sao Paulo, Recife, Brasilia, Rio, and Angro Dos Res were the primary locations visited.  During those visits, I became VERY familiar with three things:- Caipirinha (a non-alcoholic drink...no...really...(cough))- Brasilian meat- Saturday's Feijoada feastSo when it came time to celebrate another anniversary, I decided to check out Espetus.  It was a very wise move.As noted, it's a 0-menu kinda place.  Sit down, order your drinks (ok, so there IS one menu for drinks...and come to think of it, another one for desserts....so call me a liar).  After you order said drinks (and DO try the Caipirinha), hit up the salad bar and get yourself some VERY authentic Feijoada...and you don't have to wait 'til Saturday....(yeah!).  GREAT selection, just go light, as the real feast starts once you return to your table.  Turn your marker to green, and await some incredibly tasty meats brought to your table on skewers...all cooked to perfection (and the flat steak was devine...as was the bacon wrapped chicken...but come to think of it, bacon anything is going to be devine).We tried all of the regular meats - the wife, wanting to be adventurous, decided to try the chicken hearts (I've been there, done that, no need to go back). To her credit, she gave it her best...before spitting it into her napkin.  :-)This place is about as close as you can get to Brasil without the flight.  Very very good food.  It's a bit pricy, but again, cheaper than that flight to Brasil.Located in a strange part of San Mateo, but it seemed safe enough.Note, however, that parking pretty much sucks.  Roll the dice on that.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,7/24/2013,239,373,2,8,6>I love this place. Been coming for a while, used to come with my mom and sister a long time ago then stopped, and recently started back up with some friends. The instructors are really nice and you really get motivated to keep going. But it's all fun, keeps you sweaty and having fun. Get ready for a really good workout! Always clean, staff is friendly all around. I'm definitely going to be going here for a long time. There are people of all levels who go to the classes (I'm a fan of K1 because I don't want to do punching bag stuff, but I'm thinking of going to a K2 class where there are also activities like TRX in addition to punching bag stuff). But back to my previous point, it's nice because there are the people who go often and don't stop for the entire class, then there are also people who take it a little easier. So don't feel intimidated, we are all in there just to have fun. I also like how there is room to stretch before and after class. You can do the class with or without shoes. I like doing it without shoes, myself. Just a tip. (-) The only thing I wish they would change is add one or two more stretch and flex classes. I can't make it to the only class time they have which is at 9:30am. I have a thing called a job... but I would love to have a stretch class to help these sore tired muscles! Oh one more point. They also do martial arts classes for children. I've watched a few of the classes while stretching before/after my K1 class, and they look like they have a lot of fun. I would highly recommend this if you are your parent and want to get your child into martial arts.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,7/23/2013,152,386,2,7,4>Review for HAPPY HOUR only - they've shortened the HH time to 5-6:30 M-F.  $6 Cocktails + 50% Lounge Menu + Delicious Food = Fantastic Happy Hour!My girlfriends and I sat at the bar and happily indulged in 6 different dishes off the lounge menu.  Each one was a hearty portion of deliciousness.  Lots of places tone down their dishes for happy hour or skimp on the portions, but Pampas does neither.  We ordered and shared:- Yucca Fries- Beef Sliders- Seafood Ceviche- Pork Ribs- Empadas- Fried CalamariEach dish was followed by, "Wow, that's really good!"  For all of the above, with great drinks at the bar, we left happy and full (with leftovers) and only paid $20 each inc. tax & tip!!  Now THAT is a happy hour worth returning for!    I'm taking a star off for slow service (the poor single bartender had lots to attend to) and minimal seating area for happy hour customers.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2007,11/4/2007,376,527,7,10,8>The most gorgeous, awe-inspiring library in California!  Funded by a huuuuuuuge grant, this newly-built library opened its doors less than a year ago and now boasts:*  spectacular architecture. a grand, modern design (tons of glass, maple, steel, hundred foot-high ceilings) * dozens of private study rooms*  expansive fiction and foreign-language sections*  teen corner (to drop off your annoying relatives or kid you're babysitting)* a cafe !!!!!!* computer lab w/ flat screens and all the latest computer models, whoa* self check-out that can read like six books at once (you dont even have to scan them; you just put the whole pile on the table and the computer reads them. you can tell i was impressed by this..lol)!It's now become one of my favorite things to do on a Sunday.  This library is gargantuan in size and you could spend hours here.   Bring your Chinese mama and she will love you for (1) reading! and (2) introducing her to the huge foreign-language book selection.Did I mention it's so beautiful it took my breath away? sort of like Angelina Jolie, only a library.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2007,11/3/2007,264,122,10,10,9>In the middle of nowhere and a freeway sits Sea Bowl. What I saw was a place crowded with spontanious personalities and enough lanes for you and the population of Asia to get your boogy bowl down. Many infant bowlers, ditsy women who seem to be in love with the gutter and dorky dads who dance to every spare they earn, makes Sea Bowl a very interestingly fun environment to be part of. This place has it's own Cafe, a few walking steps away from your lane. Delicious Pizza, which taste obviously better than..um.. I don't know... Dominoes!! Oh yeah ginormous parking lot, the size of Rosie O' Donnell's right thigh... and that's one huge thigh trust me. Not cracked at all, but clean and new bowling balls fly through the "Gary Coleman" smooth lanes, unlike some bowling alleys, um.. I don't know... Serra Bowl!! Soothing music, but not loud enough to distract your concentration. Great painting of the sea captivates the inside. Prices are reasonable, along with cornacopia of positives make Sea Bowl the ultimate bowling experience.To top things off, I bowled with confidence that day and did my MC Hammer after shooting those pins down like they owed me money. I did good umm.. you know like nine strikes in a row, the usual.Now lets meet on another occasion at Sea Bowl and get ready to watch the master lay down the lane.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/19/2007,11/2/2007,173,270,6,3,7>Since moving to the bay area, I've kept a mental list of places I really need to try because of something uniquely gimmicky and intriguing about the place.  I read an article in SF Gate, watched a program on KRON, and heard from multiple friends about some pub in San Mateo where masochists and sadists alike come to suffer/celebrate or torture others via the consumption of habanero burgers.  Of course, I immediately forgot the name of the place as my mind went wild contemplating the thrill and challenge of eating one of those famed fire patties.My boyfriend and I found ourselves in San Mateo, and we happened upon a place he recognized as The Prince of Wales Pub. He told me tales of how he frequented it with his co-workers to haze newbies with the habanero burgers, and my imaginary antennae readjusted as the memory of wanting a habanero burger from the Peninsula rushed into my head.I had never been to The Prince of Wales, so I can't compare The Swingin Door to its predecessor in terms of decor, service, clientele, etc.  Didn't know about the history of the PoW or the drama that accompanied the change of ownership.  I only had two things on my mind: Pleasure and Pain.  I could barely contain my rising excitement over finally challenging my tastebuds with the very burger that seared humility into hundreds of blubbering, temporarily reformed, tough guys.  At the same time I was overwhelmed with anxiety over the inevitable delayed bowel damage that would result due to my self-imposed punishing.My boyfriend told me that ice cream is sold at the bar to ease the hot, but remembering my curse of lactose intolerance, I stuck to the tall cool glass of Stella Artois instead. HAAAAAAAAA!!! ... as if there wouldn't already by enough damage done to my insides by the rectum-scorching hot sauce!!! I overheard a friend of the bartender complaining about how someone's Yelp review claimed that fried pickles were no longer served at the bar and ... yada yada yada ... my brain was already daydreaming about fried pickles so I didn't hear the rest of his diatribe.  I wiped the anticipatory drool off my chin, walked over to the bar and ordered myself a basket of English Wallys: yelp.com/user_local_phot  Crispy batter + pickle spears, hot and slick with oil = crazy delicious... screw Mr. Pibb and Red Vines!The moment of truth came, and I was a little disappointed by the lack of fanfare.  The sauce-topped burger sat very unthreateningly on an ordinary bun: yelp.com/user_local_phot.  There were no flames dancing menacingly atop the patty.  A cartoon version of the devil with a pitchfork didn't magically appear on the table to talk smack while I conjured the courage to take my first bite.Like prior reviewers noted, the hot takes a minute to hit you before augmenting, it's best to just plow through and keep eating until you're finished, and it doesn't feel as painful as you would have thought once the sweating and swelling go down.  :POn a pain scale of 10, the burger tastes like a 5 or 6 going in ... but the sucker feels like an 8 or 9 coming out.  Ouchie for your poopie.P.S.  It's worth noting that my non-foodloving boyfriend said that the seasoning for their cajun fries was really good and he devoured almost everything in his basket. yelp.com/user_local_phot
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2007,11/1/2007,192,221,3,6,9>So this is the third Kepler's location that I can remember. The first was on the west side of El Camino Real right on the street. Back then the store was a little I don't want to say disorganized but it seemed kinda cluttered (In a very good way) with narrow aisles and high shelves. Maybe the shelves weren't that high and I was just smaller because I think we're talking maybe early seventies. This is probably where I got my love of bookstores. My Father would bring me here and would leave me on my own to browse the books while he did the same.He always bought me something to take home for myself, A tradition I continue with my children today. By the time they moved to the second location in kind of a mini mall just off El Camino I no longer lived in the area but I was doing a mad amount of bike riding and I would come down to Palo Alto just because it was the bookstore that I was most familiar with. Now in the current location I always stop by when I'm in the area and I have a lot of time to kill. It's not the kind of place that I can just drop in for ten minutes to find something. I have to browse. The funny thing is that even though the store is not in the same location I still get the same welcome feeling I did back in the original location when Ira was still working the cash register.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2007,10/31/2007,56,165,7,12,4>Too often, cute or sexy lingerie started at a 34B. Until I found this place, I thought I'd be relegated to the standard beige, white and black bras --just a step above the sweet training bras. You know those training bras --  the ones you wore when the guys in junior high chanted "You must, you must, you must increase your bust!"I stopped in to buy one bra, but ended up leaving with a bag full of Mary Green, Wendy Glez and Honey Dew cami sets in addition to Wacoal petite bras (including a non-standard black vixen-ish number). Finding lingerie that fit well was easy.Put your modesty aside as Ellen will come around to see how things are working out and bring around other pieces for you to try, so that you get the proper fit.The cleavage challenged like to be sexy, too!  Thank you, Ellen, for sourcing sexy for the petite set!
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2007,10/30/2007,106,181,5,6,9>For my first review after moving to the bay area, I'm reviewing my current favorite establishment. Favorite in part because I love any place that has a wine list thicker than the bible and because I now live a stones throw away from it. Gotta love convenient intoxication.The first glass of wine I had was a perfect welcome to the peninsula. If heaven had a scent it would be the smell of the breeze caused by wild flower scented angel wings flying on a honey infused wind all somehow captured in my one golden glass of gerwurtz. Granted this wasn't the description given by Nectar but their's was something equally nonsensical. The descriptions give the feeling of the wine, not just the flavor. This may be silly as how can a wine remind you of an event or a memory? Why in the same way a drink made of grapes can taste like tobacco or cherries. You just have to use your taste bud imagination. It really doesn't matter what you contrast your wine with as long as you drink it. With such imaginative taste descriptions, flights of bubbly, big ass red flights and the aforementioned sips of heaven, you can't resist. Alas, only four-stars due to the less than perfect service the next time I was there. A fly landed in my friend's wine and instead of immediately taking it away, the server left the glass so we could watch the fly struggle for its life in our tempranillo. I don't want to watch anything die on my table, let alone something I'm not even eating.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2007,10/29/2007,46,40,10,4,8>Ahhh, San Bruno Park. Lot's of good memories with this place. Coming here on a 5th grade field trip, getting on the ghetto merry go round (no longer there) and having our teacher spin us so hard that we all flew off and threw up. Or the time my little brother jumped into the deep end of the pool without knowing how to swim and almost drowned. Or the time in 4th grade I walked half an hour to get to the park to watch a parade that this girl I liked, Maritza, was in, only to have her ignore me later on. haha.This is a great little park that I really enjoy coming to on a warm day and just sleeping in the grass like a homeless man on heroin. I could do it all day. The park has several playgrounds for the kids, a little train ride, a mini rock climbing boulder, a couple of softball fields with concession stands, barbecue area, a swimming pool, a recreation building with weights and other equipment, and a gazebo (which I'm in in one of my pictures) where they have live music in the summer on Friday evenings. The music ranges from blues, to reggae, to country, each week it's different. A nice spot to chill out, have a drink, and bite to eat. Great spot for a date.Also, there is a trail at the back of the park that leads to the Junipero Serra park. Hint: If your date is adventurous, take them up to the top of the trail at night. Beautiful view of the city. If you're feeling extra adventurous, don't come back down the same way. Go down the side of the mountain. If you're like me, lose your footing and have both yourself and the girl end up rolling down the side of the steep hill and into some thorns. Then notice a guy playing some sweet video games  in his living room and take the girl up to the door, after she dares you, knock on the door, and ask if you can come in to play video games with him. Since it's around 2am the guy will be weirded out by your request, maybe even angry. Turn to your date and notice she is not there. Realize she ran off and is hiding behind a tree laughing. Realize you look like a crazy motherfucker knocking on some dudes door at 2am, all caked in dirt from rolling down a hill earlier, asking if you can come in to play video games with him. Realize, it's time to go. Realize it's time to get even stevens with your date so you pick her up over your shoulder and toss her in some bushes. Realize all this fun and more can be had by starting your day at San Bruno City Park. For great justice.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/15/2007,10/28/2007,59,63,14,13,7>First annoyance: 19% tip included (tacky!!)Second annoyance: they just could give me the 6:45 slot, but we had dinner in an empty room... why didn't they accept my suggestion for a 7:30 reservation?Third annoyance: tapas are exclusive for the bar, although if you insist a little they'll bring you some to the table.Fourth annoyance: I missed the "socarrat" and the taste of saffron in the paella, even thought the price surely suggests saffron (or gold, for that matter)Other than that the food was good, the service was efficient, and the Ribera del Duero was just right.in any case, if you go there with a non-too-focused-in-Spain open mind, the place is not bad.Off-the-record annoyance (subject: Yelp Restaurant Categories); Why is Spanish/Basque a category?, as if they were the same... as if all Spanish restaurants were at the same time Basque. If the point is being specific, this should be classified under the Spanish/Catalan/Galician/Basque/Valencian/­Asturian/Andalusian category!!! we are too much of a complicated country for specifications... just that.Disclaimer: I probably sound too annoyed... It's Monday and I'm a picky Spaniard. My apologies :-(
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2007,10/27/2007,107,52,12,18,17>Do you want breakfast?  You don't have to order pancakes...you really don't.  You could come here for breakfast for years and not order pancakes, they have a lot of food, but the pancakes are very good.  A light and dreamy specialty.  I like breakfast.Once you're inside, they are professionals and quick on the turnaound... You are seated as rapidly as possible with a number system, get your coffee/water and then concentrate on your order.  (I would not recommended it for Mother's/Father's day - too busy.)  The nice worker brings over your set up after you order coffee, but before it arrives.  Nice timing.  Much to my surprise I ordered a waffle for the first time on this particular visit.  Not for the waffle itself - which was dandy - but for the pecans.  A waffle covered with a lovely large pile of pecans (I'd requested whipped cream instead of powdered sugar), was delivered.  The real whipped cream was put on top in four small fluted dots and one larger creamy dot in the center - pretty! After I had the thing drenched in buttery syrup -while avoiding the dots- I finally did away with my 2 week old pecan pie craving in a new and previously unconsidered way.  Slices of pecan pie are often hit or miss, I don't enjoy the misses.  My coffee was refilled without asking, no need to look up and locate anyone.  Only whole or non-fat milk available, but the whole milk delivered with breakfast was perfectly cold.    Breakfast - it should be served anytime nationwide.  Very nicely done here, once again.  Now just hold on to your pancake nap for a few more minutes - you might still have to get out of the parking lot around 3-5 drivers pulling into it.  It's already full.  Relax and allow yourself a bit of extra settling time to maneuver and escape the L-shaped lot. Have some compassion - the poor folks just arriving are hungry while you are so full and so happy.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2007,10/26/2007,486,119,14,10,10>Okay I dno what all the bad reviews about this place are about.If you're going to L&L, you're expecting greasiness.  I'm not going there to eat healthy-like.  If I wanted that there are a plethora of places to be had!  (That's right, I used "plethora")It's kinda like how you don't go to certain movies to expect oscar performances.  You don't go to a movie like Blade to watch the best acting ever.  You go 'cause you know it's action, it's bloody, and it's slightly funny.  I'm from Hawaii, and to see this lil beacon of complete unhealthiness is awesome.  I'm givin 'em 4 stars 'cause seriously, you can't compete with the level of food back home.I also found it cute how they say "Aloha" and "Mahalo", most likely trying to be authentic..when hilariously, the only thing that says "Mahalo" in a Hawaii L&L is the trash can.I tried the Chicken Katsu (I dont think you can really screw this up...it was on par with stuff back home), the Kalua Pork (okay another one that's hard to screw up..I can't even screw it up when I make it), and the BBQ plate. Everything tastes about the same level as back home in L&L.  The rice was fine, and the mac salad was actually pretty good.  Again, if you're looking for high end healthful food, do not eat here.  Noone in Hawaii goes to L&L to order their healthful plates...they just put that on the menu to attempt to look like they're trying.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/18/2008,6/7/2008,853,724,7,11,11>6/9/08 UPDATEI was much more pleased with my second meal here but unfortunately, it won't move up the star rating.We ordered both kinds of cold noodles - the one with the sliced pork, corn, seaweed, tomatoes, cucumbers, etc. was my favorite.  It was totally refreshing and filling.  The other one was too spicy for me (I don't *appreciate* spicy) and simply wasn't as imaginative or colorful as the first.What leaves the rating at 3 stars is the service, or lack thereof.  For the majority of the time that we were there, there was only one server.  And unfortunately, he was trying to juggle too many tables.  I saw other stares around the room trying to get his attention - more water/tea, the bill, etc.  I don't blame him, per say, he was just trying to do his job.  But he simply couldn't handle the 8 tables or so that were all vying for his attention.Also, in terms of timing, our ramen dishes came out first, then the California roll, then the gyoza.  Did I mention the overall wait time?  Over 20 minutes before any food showed up.  The CA roll and gyoza were clearly apps - and shouldn't have been difficult to turn out quickly.  And yet, they followed (well after) our elaborately made noodles.  *sigh*  It bugs me to no end when dishes are mistimed.Therefore, I conclude, still 3 stars.--When I saw the fat floaties on the surface of my soup, I was really tempted to send it back and ask the kitchen to skim them off the soup.  It was really an unappetizing sight.  And, I don't think the extra fat enhanced the taste of the soup.  Still, I managed to finish my ramen...Overall, in my own comparison to Santa Ramen, Santa is better overall.  The noodles are chewier (there's no give on Himawari's noodles) and the broth - disgusting in appearance!I did order the California rolls because I was intrigued by Jennifer W.'s description - lime on top??  They were refreshing - 8 cute rolls indeed with thinly sliced lime atop every two rolls.I actually tried incorporating the limes two ways - one, by biting down on a slice after eating a roll (refreshing), and two, by running my roll over it after I dipped it in my soy sauce/wasabi (interesting hint of lime in the bite).If I went back, which I probably will, I would try order the non-broth noodle dishes and possibly other things on the menu.  I love the fact that there are more non-ramen options on the menu than Santa...p.s. The hours on the door are a little deceiving - the restaurant is not open throughout the day.  On Saturdays, it reopens for dinner on at 5:30 p.m. (best time to go - no wait!).
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2008,6/6/2008,185,344,19,17,17>This restaurant is the reason why my chinese card is taken away. I look chinese, I have chinese blood in me, but I don't speak a word of chinese and I have no idea of chinese culture aside from shaking 3 sticks of incense in front of me and pretend I'm praying to buddha. Joy is a restaurant for true chinese people. When you walk in, if you look chinese (or east asian, I suppose), you'll automatically get a chinese menu. Then you'll have to pathetically ask for an english menu and quite possibly witness the change in the server's attitude.I went with Kerrie and Perci for lunch. Sat down with the chinese menu. Then I muttered "I wonder what kind of chinese cuisine they serve?". Kerrie and Perci almost simultaneously answered "northern chinese". Shiet. How did they know that?? I'm the chinese one here! Yes, I'm pathetic, I know. But at least when I see the chinese menu, I can identify why kind of meat a dish has!Anyway, communicating with the waitress was a bit of a struggle. But body language is indeed universal. Besides, we could randomly point at an item on the chinese menu and probably get a good dish anyway (method recommended by Kerrie).So why am I giving this place 4 stars? The food! I may not know what REAL, authentic northern chinese or taiwanese or whatevernese food tastes like, but I know the taste of good food, and this place has it. Some dishes may be too sweet, such as the 3 cup chicken, and the pork ribs with the red sauce thingy. But I love sweet meat dishes. Even if it has 1 full cup of sugar. I've only had Joy's food twice, so I haven't really tried a lot of different dishes. Go see Ken K's (yelp.com/biz/joy-restaur) or Fong's (yelp.com/biz/joy-restaur) reviews for a more detailed descriptions of the food.Joy is definitely the kind of place I'd take my dad to. And he's a full-fledged chinese foodie.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2008,6/5/2008,77,114,8,12,10>Perfect for those "It's late but I want to eat in public" urges. They have late hours and have a good menu of sweets and savories.ATMOSPHERE:It tries to have the look of the outdoors much like casinos in Vegas (or ramen museum in Japan). It's very casual and the people that go there are pretty much all Asian and Asian fetishers. SERVICE:Quite good - they have a little buzzing machine on each table for to get the attention of the staff. They are quite prompt in response. MENU:Pretty extensive. They have a load of sweets including crepes and more traditional Asian desserts. They also have savories such as fried chicken and such. FOOD:It's hard to go wrong with crepes - they are generous with the fillings. Once we found a hair in a crepe which icked me out which is really why this place lost a star. They gave us a new hairless crepe promptly though. VALUE:It's cheap! Great value!OVERALL:It seems harder and harder to find places to meet up with friends and rendezvous at the late hours these days. This place fits the bill.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2007,6/4/2008,528,403,6,10,10>A class act.Searching the bowels of San Mateo for a coworker's last-minute birthday gift. She seriously rocks, and is leagues above flowers from Safeway or Walgreen's, which I figured to be my only options at 9 am. I nearly resorted to them in desperation, when I came across this brightly lit, fragrant, jardin des fleurs. They are more of a florist for weddings or to send to your mom on Mother's Day (bouquets start around $35), but they have loads of candles, aromatherapy, and trinkets for gifts. I picked up some lotion and a candle, which the busy proprietess lovingly wrapped for me, as well as a plant for my office. I love stumbling across businesses like this!
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2007,6/3/2008,10,46,6,11,5>Amazing, amazing, amazing, amazing, amazing. And did I mention amazing? Not cheap, but worth every penny. It is now clear to us why people spend as much on their caterer -- albeit a reasonably priced caterer -- as they do on their photographer. Because wedding pictures last forever. (We love them so much that we are hoping people will slowly replace their foggy memories with the colorful, flattering shots taken by Todd.) He shot our friend's wedding and we absolutely loved their pictures, so we called him. He was the only photographer on our list, and he happened to be free our weekend. Although we balked at the price initially, our engagement photos taken a few months later reminded us that we would be terribly good looking in the photos and well, that would make it all worth it. It was. As weddings go, we were running behind schedule most of the day, but Todd got lots of "getting ready" pics taken. Upon our first viewing of each other, we didn't necessarily see his vision of placing us in a sort of dirty brick alley, near a garage door. After seeing his pictures, we understand and are almost embarrassed to have second guessed the vision of such a genius. Really. After the ceremony, some posed family photographs, and a couple of shots outside of the reception, we barely noticed Todd was there. In fact, we were almost concerned that he didn't get any pictures of the reception. Less than two weeks and 810 beautiful pictures later, we stood corrected. He seemed to capture the essence of the day (that we were having the time of our lives) and the best angle of everyone we knew. We were pleased as punch with his services and have nearly contemplated having him follow us around for the day just to take pictures, if that wouldn't be so terribly vain and self-absorbed. But I digress. Additionally, Todd is quite friendly, easy going, easy to work with, and we respect his business philosophy that we paid him for the day (he stayed until the bitter end, snapping away), with no preset time limits or additional hidden charges for film developing, overage, etc. We got the negatives AND digital scans (a minimal additional charge from the lab) and are free to have them printed as we see fit. Three cheers for Todd!
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2008,6/1/2008,170,169,6,9,9>As good as japanese food gets in San Mateo.   Most of the other japanese places in the city are gimmicky.Lots of confusing sweet/sour sauces on bad cuts of fish to appealto the Chad Bradman crowd.I judge a japanese restaurant by how many japanese people actually eat there..like how many mexican people are at mexican restaurants.Kisaku has a loyal following of japanese clients...and traditional japanese clients go ONLY for fresh fish....That is what Kisaku is known for.  Fresh fish, and great traditional japanese food.Their toro tuna(tuna belly) and shiro maguro(albacore tuna) are some of the best I've ever had.  Each bit was tender and literally melted in your mouth.   For those who eat the "nitro glycerin-coming around the mountain" theme rolls...just DROP the gimmicky stuff..Have yourself a taste of traditional soft tuna sashimi and you'll see what it's all about.They have some of the best beef katsu around too.  Very tender USDA prime beef breaded and fried to your specifications.Their ramen is better than some others that specialize in it.They're cooked fish dishes are awesome and the chicken karaage(fried chicken)..very soft and good.The crowd is 80% japanese 10% korean/chinese and 10% white.and ALL the non-japanese folks who come in here are NOT newbies and get down w/the really good raw fish.  Serious sushi eaters.  That's the way to go...Now get rid of your glow in the dark sweet/sour coming around the mountain sushi rolls and get on the real stuff!
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2008,5/31/2008,305,300,2,9,7>I had a wonderful dining experience here. I took my husband here for his birthday to try something upscale, yet casual with a unique menu.  I made the reservation through Open Table and dropped a note that it was my hubby's b-day and would like to have a candle to celebrate.  The ambiance was very pleasant and elegant.  We liked the open kitchen and high ceilings.  Our server was fantastic.  Very knowledgeable without  being pretentious, had good knowledge of food and wine, showed us a dish another group ordered to give us an idea of what the menu was like (it was a duck dish and looked super).  After researching the yelp recommendations, we ordered the scallops, sea bass and pork trotter with a side of garlic rice.  The scallops were cooked perfectly and the adobo sauce complimented it very well.  It's true the portion was small, three scallops, but as an appetizer I appreciated the restraint that went into the portion and the flavor.  It went surprisingly well with the unoaked chardonnay we selected.  Every menu item was beautifully presented with a very simplistic, modern, minimalistic approach.The sea bass was definitely the star of the evening.  Beautifully cooked, perfectly seared with that golden brown color, complimented by a delicious sauce.  We ate every bite.  The garlic rice was a nice addition, but it tended to be a little too strong when you combined it with the delicate flavors of the main entrees.The pork trotter is huge.  The skin was very crispy.  For my tastes, it was on the heavier side, with the rich texture similar to duck, although the inner meat was not as fatty as the outside skin whereas duck is fatty throughout.  The meat inside was drier than I expected.   We had the barako brulee and it was excellent.  Creme brulee is simple by design and this was a nice update on a classic.The waitstaff remembered my husband's birthday and brought out a coconut gelee with a candle.  My husband was impressed with the restaurant and the fact that they "magically" knew it was his birthday.Although the pork trotter did not meet our expectations, everything else did.  Service was great, staff very friendly, A+ marks.  Bill for two people, 1 app, 2 entrees, 1 side, 1 dessert, 1 bottle of chardonnay = $100.  I thought this was reasonably priced for the experience.  Would definitely go back.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2008,5/30/2008,1,23,3,10,7>Mmm, their hot pastrami sandwiches on a dutch crunch roll -- FANTASTIC! I think I have the same order every time I go in, but man, you can't go wrong with that one. I've been going to Prima for as long as I can remember, way before the remodel because of the fire. And I must say, the place looks great! Anyway, back to the food. I also love their chicken pesto sandwich and my grandma's a sucka for the roasted turkey. They have plenty of fresh sides to choose from, including a yummy potato salad, and coolers stocked with an extra big variety of drinks. They also have a couple racks full of chips and lovely after lunch desserts, like cookies and brownies. Their staff is quite friendly and you can find the owner behind the register, too. I have to say that I am partial to Prima over the Woodside Deli, primarily because of location, but also because Prima feels a bit more welcoming. I love their playing card system of keeping track of orders, very original and organized. It does get busy during the lunch rush hours, so expect to wait give or take 20 min. for your order, but I have to say that it's well worth it to endure the wait. My advice for you is to call and place your order ahead and just walk in, pick it up and leave. I crave their pastrami sandwiches quite often. Hell, you might even catch me there after work today!
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2008,5/29/2008,38,647,5,10,10>Cal is part of this dining club that is run by one of his fencing buddies. I accompanied him one time, in the beginning of the relationship. And we had a good time. Nice people, good food. We haven't been since then because of school. Now that graduation is approaching, I thought it would be nice to start attending again. So, we went to this restaurant last Sunday. The organizer reserved a long table for 12 which was ready when we got there. Then, we went up to the counter and placed our order. I was pleasantly surprised to see that they offered Salvadorian(sp?) food too. Can you say pupusas?! Flor has been talking it up and I planned to go to the UYE a few days later. So, Cal and I shared the pupusa meal and a green salad. We also got the strawberry salad water drink, which was good, but we had to add some ice to it. Everything was really good. The pupusa (pork, beans and cheese) was really really tasty, and made me look forward to the UYE. I totally stuffed myself, even though Cal and I shared the dishes. And when we left, I had major stomach pains. But I felt better after an hour or so. One of my friends said she got food poisoning. She had the shrimp cocktail. Portions are good, food is good, service is good. It still deserves 4 stars, even though my friend and I had stomach issues.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/16/2008,5/28/2008,34,54,9,8,7>Sure, you can hate on the Old Pro. Or, you can take it for exactly what it is-- a vaguely frat-astic, rather sketchy sports bar with an impressive dude-to-chick ratio, a mechanical bull inexplicably situated in the corner, and a one-way mirror into the men's bathroom that  entertains drunk girls once they tire of pretending to care about sportsBoys here tend to fall into two categories: 1) the possibly good-looking and very dumb, and 2) the very intelligent but socially painful. Here are two real-life pick-up lines . . .see if you can match to the correct categories:From cute snowboarder dude:  "Ladies, cut me a break, I'm not here to hate, just to procreate". From pensive beanie-wearing grad student: "Wow, you are giving me a lot of shit tonight. What are you, on your period?"You just cant make this stuff up.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2008,4/2/2008,84,133,11,14,10>This is Southern Fish & Chips at it's Bay Area best! They start with cornmeal coated (not battered!) Catfish (farmed not mud/channel), Whiting, Sole or Snapper, deep fry it to golden perfection. You also get a good portion of french fries (probably previously frozen), a choice of potato salad (made with dill instead of sweet pickles - not my favorite), cole slaw or macaroni salad. You'll also find some lemon, hot sauce, and tarter sauce, in your bag, and you're good to go.The folks that work here are great ... very friendly and talkative. You can definitely tell that they appreciate your business. Speaking of the business, it's cash only (though Yelp says they accept credit cards), and it's in a little strip mall right off the freeway, which you would think just begs to be robbed. The neighborhood used to be pretty bad, but has changed over the years, though you can't tell from the facade of this place. However, I don't think anyone has a thing to worry about. Just don't freak out when you drive up, and see a bunch of black folks ... we know and love good fried fish!
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2008,4/1/2008,65,111,3,10,6>Surprises? You got it.I came here upon a Saturday night craving decent Peking duck. Why not go to the namesake, Peking Duck? Brilliant idea there.Doing my homework, I knew that decor wasn't anything to be expected. There's no doubt about it, this place needs a big makeover. But, if you can bypass the mess, and skip seeing the majority of dirtyness with the holes in the walls, water damaged ceilings, and the kitschy plastic dragonflies and butterflies on the curtains, there's solid food to be found here.The crew here made the best of it. It was very comfortable (homely?), like we were dining in a family restaurant. The staff handled little toddlers very well, as they let the toddlers roam the restaurant with the parent's careful watch (half the restaurant was empty - the toddler roamed the empty side).Ordered 3 dishes. Needless to say, I was extremely surprised with the execution of these three dishes.1. West Lake Beef Soup (Xi hu niu rou gen)Wow. What a good pick - 1 for 1. This rivaled some of the best ones I have had elsewhere. Soup was piping hot, egg "curds" were well separated, beef was sufficiently tender. The broth was excellent, not overly salty, but super flavorful. I'm wondering if they use the duck bones from all the roast ducks for stock base. Add in a good amount of cilantro, and you have a really really good soup.2. Whole Peking Duck2 for 2. Again, doing some homework, I was mainly concerned of the quality of the duck if it was a half duck, pre-cut, and brought out without knowing where the duck pieces came from. So me and my girlfriend decided to order a whole duck. Another good decision. Duck was brought out to us, slightly smaller, but looked sufficiently good. One of the chefs came out, and sliced it with the skin and fat and meat all together. The best parts were the tail portions, with really fatty meat, a good amount of fat, and crispy skin. Buo bing (crepes?) were decently steamed for the first few, though the last few ended up sticking to the bamboo steamer. 3. Chicken Chow Fun with Black bean sauce and Bell Peppers.My girlfriend ordered this one, and I was a bit concerned. I'm not sure I'd like it. But I did like it. Surprisingly good job with this one. Good flavor, tender chicken. I'll take a 3 for 3 on this one.4.5 stars - rounding up to a solid 5, partially due to surprise of how good the food was. Again, -.5 for the decor, but I'm forgiving, as long as I'm fed. I'm definitely going to be back more.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2007,3/31/2008,205,93,9,16,12>Since it's not our habit to block off Hwy 1 to the north and south on a regular basis to hold a town-wide kegger, how else are we supposed to find out what the kelp is going on in this little coastal string of hills, valleys and beaches?The P-town T-bune that's how! Seriously, this is one of the finest (and only) local newspapers in the Bay Area that is 100% focused on the local scene. And even though it is owned by a large Colorado-based newspaper group, its editorial heart is strictly small town and quintessentially coastside.Like most people, I scan the front page and then go straight to the Letters to the Editor section which consistently presents an engaging selection of amusing, infuriating, and occasionally informative letters from real local people, always signed with their neighborhood appellation (e.g., Rockaway Beach, Linda Mar, Sharp Park, etc.). Pacifica is, after all, a collection of villages aka districts, that joined together 50 years ago and whose residents today are trying to figure out how to get along, balance open space and development, and find that seemingly elusive "town center". It's also a wonderful place to live.So, if you'd like to get the skinny on this cool surf town nestled between Devil's Slide and the San Andreas Fault, check out the Pacifica Tribune.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2007,3/30/2008,853,724,5,11,9>Simply, simply delightful.  My fiancee and I were looking for a one-night getaway and we found it in HMB.  This was our first stay at Cypress but it certainly will not be our last.We got the last room available for the night - La Estrella - on the first floor of the main building.  I think every room comes with an ocean view - La Estrella certainly does - and we were lulled to sleep with sounds of the ocean waves crashing against the beach.Part of the attraction I had to this place was that the pictures on the website don't show some wack grandmother-type interior decorator room with an 1850's quilt comforter (no offense to those places or people who like that kind of stuff) thrown on a bed with other knick knacks hanging from walls, displayed on bookshelves, or sitting on nightstands.The decoration is Spanish-influenced, with heated Spanish tiles (according to the website).  I expected to find hot tiles but they were just average temperature - neither hot nor cold.  But speaking of hot, our room came equipped with a gas fireplace that comes on with the  flick of a switch.Lest I forget, they feed you - which is why I still attempt to find an attractive-looking B&B despite many out there that have such gawdy decorations.  Last night, we feasted on wine, cheese, and veggies - 5-7 p.m. - and then homemade desserts from 7-9 p.m.  Last night's dessert was chocolate dipped strawberries - OMG - I was in heaven!  In the morning, they serve breakfast from 8-10 a.m.  Today, we were treated to eggs florentine to order (courtesy of Gayle), smoked chicken sausage with apple, fruit salad, granola, various juices, bagels, and another OMG - the croissants.Here's a whole paragraph devoted just to the croissants here...  Mmm.  My mouth is watering just thinking about the crisp, flaky, warm/hot croissants that they keep on a heated plate.  I had, oh, maybe 10 (shared of course!).  Apparently, they get them frozen from a place in Union City (that's when I remembered I was not that far away from home), set them out overnight to rise, and then bake them in the morning.  Ooh la la.After breakfast, we went for a nice long walk on a path devoted to bicyclists and pedestrians, right next to the water and beach area.All in all, a wonderful, relaxing stay and highly recommended.  Btw, they offer a 10% discount to AAA members.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2007,3/29/2008,307,433,7,9,10>Even though I've never been to Chuck's Donuts myself, but I feel like I owe them a review since I've been having their donuts on many Friday mornings for 5 years thanks to our admin.I used to think all the donuts from every local little donut shop taste alike until I encountered Chuck's Donuts. After experiencing some bready dull dry donuts from other places, I am impressed by the consistency of the great quality donuts that Chuck's Donuts delivers every time. Their donuts are fluffy, soft, not too greasy or too sweet, and always taste fresh. However, the true jewel of this place has to be their croissants! I truly believe their croissant is the best I've had. As much as I enjoy their donuts, I just LOVE their croissants. The flakiness, buttery taste and the fluffiness of their croissants is purely irresistible! I am not a big donut fan and I am not obsessed with donuts. But after 5 years of eating the wonderful Chuck's donuts and their superb croissants, I can't help to get all excited every time I see that pink Chuck's Donuts box in our office on Friday mornings.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2008,3/28/2008,346,106,2,13,9>A cafe in RWC that is actually open late (11pm weekdays and midnight Friday and Saturday).PROS1.  Free Wifi.  They have two connections and if those don't work there are two free ones for the theater across the street.2.  Live bands that perform during their peak days/evenings.  Pretty good.3.  Great location.  It's right across from the theater and a bunch of other nearby restaurants.4.  Fairly safe as they seem to have cops on patrol during the evenings.5.  Food is brought fast and cleaned up fast.6. There are side couches for lounging out.  Some of the tables are large enough for one person and it isn't too crowded, like some places, where you are forced to give up your privacy.7. Side areas hold extra napkins, plastic utensils and the like.8.  Enough people here to create that ambient energy but not so crowded that it's impossible to find a sitting.  NEUTRAL1.  Only three electrical outlets as of this writing but I was told they would be putting in a lot more soon.CONS1.  Parking is tough b/c it's right across the street from the Century 20.  Your best bet is to use the underground parking ticket and then validate your parking ticket which is good for four hours.  Thereafter, every hour is typically .50 cents during the off hours.  Not sure about working days from 9am to 5pm.  Prices might be higher but I'm not around during those times.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2007,3/27/2008,185,344,12,18,17>Listen to Ciper - Brando Calrissian, they are open TWENTY FOUR HOURS! And they serve breakfast! Waffles and pancakes!! I have found an alternative to IHOP and Denny's! Hurrah!Now my fiance and I can compromise on what to eat late at night. I like breakfast and he likes mexican food. Perfect!I've only eaten there once, but this is what I can gather from the place:-Araujo serves humongous burrito. It's about the size of my foot after getting stung by 100 bees. And I wear a size 8.-The only mexican place I know that serves waffles. Try the special waffle, I don't know what's so special about it but I like it anyway. FYI, I think they only serve waffle until 2 pm :(-The waitress was very nice. She let us leave some flyers for our upcoming business that's opening nearby in june 2007 (LA Boxing!! plug plug!). She's also very vigilant in refilling our water.-Bring cash if you can, they charge 75 cents for card transactions.I can guarantee my return visit sometime soon.============================================03-28-08============================================Now that my ROTD period has passed, I think it's safe to make adjustments to this review. I kept my promise and I have been returning to Araujo every now and then. A few things to add:- They still have the big-ass burritos.- The taco especial does not look like tacos at all. It's more like a plate of flour tortillas topped with a mountain of meat and other stuff. Forks are required to consume this dish.- LA Boxing (yelp.com/biz/la-boxing-s) is open for business (more plug!).- There's a noisy, gigantic gumball machine near the second entrance that will eat your quarters. It says you can win 1 to 10 gumballs, but so far we've never gotten more than 1 gumball. It even ate my quarter without giving me anything a couple times.- And the most important thing, it's still open 24/7.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2007,3/25/2008,55,403,8,10,12>I've dreaded this day...I really do not want to write a review for Undisputed Boxing because, well, I just don't...I'm being selfish and want to keep this gym to myself...but alas I cannot and have therefore repented of my sinful ways...Twice a week I get my ass up at 4:50am to make the 5:30 classes and get my boxing on....Mondays is extreme bootcamp with Charles (amazing...tough and full of energy) and Wednesdays is Pro-training with Brian (who's always keeping you guessing on what that day will have in store).  No matter what class you take you will be sore and you will not be able to sit on the pot, walk up stairs or walk, laugh, or have sex in odd positions b/c muscles you never thought existed are making their presence known...on Saturydays I do the Boxing conditioning class...holy $#!T do I hurt after this class, which focuses an hour on core work and 30 minutes on boxing...I love this gym...love the instructors for kicking my ass...I just love it!!
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2007,3/24/2008,169,160,11,6,7>I heart da DISH!How many peninsula hikes/jogs/runs if you're ambitious boast views from San Hoe to SF?  Head over to the Dish on a clear day and that's what you get.I just jogged it after NOT working out much the past month, and it was totally doable.  The Dish is perfect for people just hopping on the workout wagon to marathon runners.  There's this 70+ dude you'll see that laps me twice (it's 3.5 miles)....crazy. I better keep it up because my rear is growing by the minute.In addition to the gorgeous sites, do look up to see THE multitasking mommies: running, pushing strollers, and gabbing on their much needed crackeberries simultaneously. Inspiration?...not.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2008,3/21/2008,1107,915,25,10,11>I was posting a comment in the thread "Best First Date Conversation Stoppers", and decided that it was time to write this review. It's SOOO long overdue, but who the hell cares, it's the end of the workday on a MONDAY and the fedex guy hates me because we have a tube going out for mail and he hates that shit fucking A so get off my back and read the rest of the review if you haven't already fallen asleep or hit the back button!I've been here a couple of times; both crowds were college frat kids. Since I had the "pleasure" of going to military school, I really have no fucking clue how to act around them. The most memorable night (and by memorable I mean I was pretty wasted the other times) was the most recent--back in...december? Yeah. There was a 5 dollar cover, and I had to search for my I.D. The bouncers were super nice, and the guy behind me started flirting with me hardcore! I thought "hmm I'm not even IN THE DOOR YET AND YOU'RE TRYING TO GET IN MY PANTS". Flattering, but no thanks. He continued during introductions with my coworker's friends, too. Thankfully, my friend got me a redbull/vodka before creepy guy could get me that shot of pantie-dropping patron. He also kind of followed me through a VERY thick crowd of young patrons, guzzling down beer from a boot or just acting rowdy and NOT GETTING OUT OF THE FUCKING WAY. I lost him, kinda sorta. I didn't have any food here. Why? Because seriously, I'm a cheap date. Do you know how you get to be cheap dates? You don't eat before you drink. Tah-dah! But the selection here is good. The drinks are strong, and I didn't feel a thing when I was thrown off the mechanical bull. Ok wait--I should def. clarify. I'm much better than that. I ended up throwing myself off because the room was spinning too fast and there is nothing worse than projectile vomiting with 360 range of accuracy. You seriously can't recover from that. So I stopped--WILLINGLY. There.Something also worth mentioning: by the end of the night, said creepy stalker guy and I made accidental eye contact and I turned to the guy next to me and asked him to hold my hand up high to pronouce some kind of "ownership" (who the fuck knows what I was thinking I WAS DRUNK). I gave him the "whoops! sorry!" look and he handed me his business card. ::insert wtf face here::I contemplated faxing him a couple weeks later, when I found his card on the floor. Because, seriously. WTF.Oh yeah and minus a star for letting in chodes who gave my roommate 5 shots of patron and ended up blacking out thus ruining a DATE I WAS ON etc etc.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2008,10/25/2008,287,1493,3,7,8>What a find, live blues music, in particular a Jam, where musicians will just get up and play on Wednesday nights.A decent sized dance floor, seating around the dance floor and the balcony, bars on the 1st and 2nd floors, a pool table on the second floor and dining next door at the Fox Theater, you can't bring in the food but can eat at the tables outside.  And the music is FREE!rwcbluesjam.comStarts at 7pm till 11pm.  A few of us stopped by on the way to Beardsleys to West Coast swing dance, WCS,  michelledance.com/TOB.htmThe dance floor gets full with dancers, the average age is 30-60yo but they aren't sloppy drunk dancers, like dance clubs.  You can tell the patrons love the blues.  This is a jam format with a sign up sheet the musician will sign up and then are called up for a new set, some may never have played together before.  The blues the night we went ranged from Cajun style, to rock and roll to soul.  Some was west coast swingable others were faster and East Coast Swingable.  If you like to partner dance to either, take your own dance partners but dancing to live music is a real treat.  The performers ask for a donation and so worth it.  The venue is beautiful, not the usual divey bar you would think to find the likes of this type of music.  One women's restroom.There is parking all around, businesses have closed down, so you can park in their lots for free.  Tons of restaurants within walking distance.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2008,10/24/2008,125,185,6,5,6>CUPCAKES! Glee glee glee glee...*ahem*I totally did not mean to go here; my boyfriend and I were eating at the hamburger place around the corner and we were stuffed. We decided to check out the Sur la Table around the corner and happened upon Karas... you know that joke about having a second stomach for dessert because you'll always have room for it? Suddenly we were hungry for cupcakes.He ordered the vanilla cupcake and I ordered the fleur du sel (chocolate cupcake, caramel filling, chocolate frosting with fleur de sel (salt) on top). Mine was awesome; a little crumbly due to the filling and hard to eat, the frosting wasn't as soft as I'd like, but tasssssty. But his cupcake was total love for me -- super moist cake, soft and sweet frosting.I'm going to have to avoid this shopping center from now on because I won't be able to resist cupcakes!
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/17/2008,10/23/2008,802,711,9,11,11>Came back here last night, 10/16/08, after two months to see how they were doing and to see if Millbrae can actually sustain such a high end Japanese restaurant.  This place reminds me a lot of Sake Lab(closed now) and Blow fish in San Francisco.  The decor, vibe, and feel is incredible.  The fish is your basic run of the mill sushi on a nice white plate.  Average food with great presentation.  Are you coming here for a dining experience? or are you here for great food?  I think it's for the dining experience.  If you want great food then sushi sam's is another 3 exits away.  I think they should be less pretentious.  Lower their prices.  Get rid of the rolls( I think they have over 30 different rolls and all of them are listed on their menu. Their menu is like a book.  Sometimes less is more.).  Concentrate on more traditional sushis, sashimis and fresh seafood. They didn't have fresh uni here tonight.I like the people here and the servers are awesome.   I really want them to do well but with today's economy, people are a little more price sensitive.  The average bento box will run you close to 20 dollars a pop and if you want to eat sushi this place can easily run you over 60 a pop.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2008,10/22/2008,228,336,5,10,9>Pacifica is a sleepy little town, don't get me wrong, I love it here but not much changes.  So, when this little place popped up I noticed.  The store itself is small, it's a neighborhood organic market, not a huge, personality-less chain store.  Their produce looks and tastes divine, they have a nice selection of snacks and staples (everything from wheat flour to cheese and even laundry and cleaning supplies).Prices are far cheaper than somewhere like Whole Foods or Andronico's, more expensive than Safeway, and about on par with what you'd pay at Food Town for their organics.  I see myself doing a large portion of my shopping here from this point forward.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2008,10/21/2008,589,848,8,10,10>Saida and Chantal are the two loveliest ladies I've come across during my quest for the perfect wedding dress.  Keeping an 'open mind', as requested by Chantal, I found myself liking the dress that I wouldn't have originally picked off the shelf.  Not that I would have to do the picking - they did.  And as a result, a number of pretty dresses with which you can make an absolute statement, including one phenomenal Cymbeline dress which, surprisingly, is very well within my budget and therefore makes it to the top of my shortlist.  And... I have no idea that, while American-designed wedding dresses weigh close to fifty pounds, their European counterparts weigh only three.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2007,10/20/2008,298,160,18,9,13>If you love me, or even like me a little, you'll give me a gift certificate /go with me to Jackson Arms Shooting Range.I have a little scar on my thumb from a really long afternoon lovemaking session with the .357 magnum. It's a truly delectable gun.What better way to spend an afternoon than firing off a few rounds at this fantastic establishment?And they do Ladies Night on Mondays and there's half price shooting for us. I LOVE this place. A little too much. I've kept all my targets. I'm getting better and not just hitting the crotch anymore.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2008,10/19/2008,457,309,6,5,5>Mmm.. last weekend, I think I had about 10 pounds of frozen yogurt, thanks to Yogurtouille (thanks also for my new love handles.. can girls have love handles?)!I love the self-service yogurt places cause you can try a little bit of everything and get the toppings you like.  This place had a good selection of both frozen yogurt flavors and toppings, and I love that it's close by!  I like Frozo's in Santa Clara, but that's so far from me that it's a rare trip when I make it down for that.  Now there's Yogurtouille and I can get it whenever I want!!I'm not a big fan of tart yogurt, so I got the vanilla, chocolate, strawberry sorbet, and the cappuccino and I topped it off with chocolate sprinkles, chocolate chips, an assortment of nuts, lots and lots of mochi, a bit of chocolate chip cookie dough, chocolate syrup, strawberries, kiwis, and peaches (again, probably was about 10 pounds, especially since I went back the next day).They have other toppings too.. off the top of my head: yogurt chips, mangoes (I hate mangoes, don't you dare judge me!), and pineapples I think? and other yogurt flavors, some of which change from time to time: the tart, the lychee, and the blueberry ones stand out in my head right now.Go go go!  Thank you Yogurtouille for providing me with divine self-serve combinations of yogurt and toppings!  Big booty here I come!P.S. They have a frequent buyer card now!  I looooooove frequent buyer cards!Edit: I feel weird about knocking down a star since this was my ROTD review, but 1. their yogurt has become more melty, and 2. those frequent buyer cards expire, I haaate when those things expire.  Oh, and also, 3. they're slightly stingy with their samples.  Still good though!!
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/6/2008,10/18/2008,292,227,1,7,5>The froyo here is pretty darn tart, so if you're a huge fan of the tartness, come on in.  It was actually so tart that I instinctively winced upon tasting it.  The taste grew on me though, and I ended up enjoying the froyo quite a bit.  I guess my beef with this place is that it's pretty expensive froyo.  $2.99 for a small serving (4 oz.), $3.99 for a regular (6 oz.) and $4.99 for a large (8 oz. I think?).  This is with ZERO toppings.  Each topping that you want to add costs you close to $1.  Craziness.I must admit, the toppings do appear to be fresher, especially the crunchy ones.  All of those look to be homemade.  Since quite a few reviewers raved about the homemade mini-chocolate merengues, I went for those as one of my toppings.  They were pretty good, but nothing to write home about.The interior design of the shop was really bright, clean, and fresh.  I liked it a lot and could see myself hanging out with friends there.  However, because it's so expensive, I don't know if I'd actually come back unless I were in the area and were in dire need of froyo.  Bonus points for the frequent buyer card.  (You need to buy 12 though to get your free froyo.)
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2008,10/17/2008,84,194,9,10,11>The only thing missing from my bangsilog dish (fried milkfish, garlic rice, and 2 fried eggs) was tomato.  That would have been a nice addition to give me the illusion that I was having some veggies with my essentially straight up fried meal!  Plus, the tomato helps in adding a cool compliment to the hot and fried meal.  The milkfish was a healthy size portion, perfectly fried and crispy in the right spots.  Served with 3 dipping sauces - shoyu/vinegar/onion, rice vinegar, and patis (fish sauce).  Very good.Their garlic fried rice definitely does not beat Ongpin's but when I'm craving some home style eats/comfort food this place hits the spot.  Don't get me wrong, you're still awarded the garlic burps after, but the fried garlic was sprinkled on top rather than incorporated into the rice.  The great thing is that the rice is not greasy and swimming in oil!I would love to come back here and try out the other dishes but the -silog (fried rice) dishes are always the quickest and the cheapest.Another plus - after a hot hot hot SF weekend, the halo halo and mais con yelo ice drinks were masarap (OMG-delicious!)!!!!
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2008,10/15/2008,674,366,34,24,25>Regarding First Dates:You're sitting out in your car by the driveway waiting for someone you have never met before to come out, you're confident, dropping a couple of tictacs in your mouth, straightening your shirt (why did I have to eat those Rice Krispies before coming here?) and putting some eye drops (apparently this helps widen my eyes, yes yes some of us Asians are afflicted with eyes that shoot laser beams out of it). Then your date comes out...  Whoa, she looks better in person. A lot better...  (jackpot! yeah yeah I know I know how her personality is first but hey cant I enjoy my shallow feelings of physical attraction for ladies?)(walks out of the car door and opens it for the Lady). "Hi, wow you look amazing tonight"  She shyly says thanks and begins some small talk.(then the big question comes out) "Where do you want to eat tonight?"Three Seasons is always the first thing that comes to mind when I have no idea where to go and I wanted to show someone that I like to splurge if I'm with them (Its a little pricey). I also know the chef there and he's usually around making rounds with the customers. He also likes to gossip with me (LOL). The food is usually Vietnamese\fusion. There's some sushi and Japanese rolls too. Excellent food and service and so far I have been in a lot of first dates in this place, the food and service never changes. Excellent food and prompt service...Prawns with Garlic noodles is the specialty and you cannot miss that. The sea bass on the clay pot is pretty small but its fairly good. The bar is pretty lively especially on Saturdays. The pretty lady who is usually by the entrance always makes sure someone is taking care of the seated customers. Sitting outside is not bad though, they have heat lamps during the cold months and I do find it strange to see a port-a-potty 15 feet away (some of the buildings there are in construction, not really their fault). They also have a 2nd floor which I haven't been on yet.  So where do I go on my 2nd dates? So far I haven't figured that out yet.....
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2013,6/11/2013,64,110,1,7,2>Cute diner! I pass through this place almost everyday and never came here. They have a great selection of choices and the place is more spacious that it seems from the outside. I ordered a cheeseburger and the meat was great. U serve yourself your condiments and they bring your food to the table. My husband had the teriyaki and pinnacle burger and he said it was very good. The look is very cute and the place is clean.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,6/10/2013,49,49,8,9,8>By far my favourite fine dining restauarant in Palo Alto. Everything about this place gets a big thumbs up from me. I'd highly recommend their hanger steak to anyone who's even faintly carnivorous! Apparently they have great deep-fried oreos also, but I've never had those yet. If you just want drinks, they have a decent selection of cocktails and a really fun lounge area to drink them in! The fifth star is missing only because I think they do overprice some of their beverages and a few of the food items. But if you want to treat yourself and/or you're not budget-conscious, this is definitely a place to check out!
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,6/9/2013,67,221,1,8,4>La Viga is named for the hometown Mexican fish market the chef-owner frequented in his youth. But I feel like calling this place La Vida (Life) because their food is life-giving and life-affirming. I eat here several times a month, since it opened, and the only reason I don't come in more often is because it's hard enough to leave as it is. I'm sure they don't want me to straight-up sleep under their salsa bar.My favorite items at La Viga are disarmingly simple and immaculately prepared. The guacamole, always topped with queso fresco, is addictive. The shrimp empanada is glorious with its whole shrimp - seriously, whole shrimp, plural, NOT ground - inside. The clam chowder is amazing, thick, rich, and flavorful; it is a coconut-based soup with whole clams and corn, and remember, I come from New England, so clam chowder is something about which I am inherently picky. The red snapper sandwich with jalapeño mayonnaise is the stuff of my dreams; served with long, thin french fries, it is satisfying without being heavy, and is completely without pretention. Despite how artisanally-crafted all the food is, in fact, there's nothing pretentious about La Viga. The staff is friendly, the chef-owner and server-owner enjoy what they do, and the chef himself comes out to ask how the meal is from time to time, stopping to talk about ingredient choices with enthusiasm, until the food calls him back to it.They used to have these big, long wooden tables and benches to seat multiple parties, but they had them cut down to individual-sized tables, and I like it much better now. They take Belly cards! Park around the corner during lunch hours, and don't forget (as I always do) they're closed on Mondays.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2012,6/8/2013,72,200,1,6,6>THE NICEST RESTAURANT OWNERS EVER! They introduced themselves to my group and then asked each of us our names. They remembered them too!The place - small, cozy, nice table setting, clean. Feels like a little cafe from another world. Love watching the train go by.The food - Highly recommend the chicken, pesto pizza. Thin crust, amazing pizza, caramelized onions to die for. Service - As I said we could not have received better service. I don't need to say much about this place because so many good things I could share but the main point is that you just need to try it for yourself. I tried my friend's plates and delicious too (veal, seafood pasta plate, a very basic salad).HIGHLIGHT OF THE FOOD: The sauce accompanied with the delicious dough bread - sauce was sun-dried tomatoes, olive oil and some secret ingredients the chef would not share! So good that they sell the sauce in jars for individual sale.Will come back very soon...
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,6/7/2013,232,384,4,4,4>This place is a korean fried chicken place! I'm SO excited that one opened here in san mateo!  We usually drive to sunnyvale for it, but now there's one RIGHT here.  They have many choices, ranging from regular fried chicken to sweet and ginger, spicy, and on other garlic flavor.  There's also other items on the menu like Galbi, chapjae, etc.  They have soju, korean beers too!We got their regular fried chicken and it was extremely flavorful.  It seemed a bit greasier than the other korean fried chicken places I've been to, but the taste was worth it!  We also got their kimchee fried rice! I didn't see it on the menu, but asked for it and they had it anyways.  Can't wait to go bac for more.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,6/6/2013,228,190,4,6,6>Gorgeous addition to the Stanford campus. I was able to get tickets to a Music Department show case on opening weekend. The design of the interior is sleek and modern with natural wood and stone touches. Later I was lucky to get a behind the scenes tour of the hall since our department works with Stanford Live (the group that runs the hall). Everything is state of the art and every part of it was thought out to the nth degree. I can't wait to experience more performances here.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,6/5/2013,273,395,8,10,8>I'm not usually one who gives out 5 stars that often, but I think I've just found my new favorite restaurant!  You know how they say a lot in life has to do with timing?  I think Terrone found me at the right time for 2 reasons.  The first being, I've been craving fresh, homemade pasta for the last 2 months and that was the first thing I saw on their menu, as I glanced at the menu posted in their window.  Secondly, I was driving down California Ave on Sunday evening, looking for a place for dinner.  I had planned to go to one place, but they weren't open on Sundays, when Terrone caught my eye.  So we stopped and went in.  Fortunately, there wasn't too long of a wait for a table for 2, around 7.  Waves of people did keep going in all night, so I think we happened to walk in at just the perfect time.Having the craving for homemade pasta, it wasn't hard to pick out something from the menu.  Then I saw their wood fired oven in the kitchen, so it was another slam dunk.  Between two of us, we ordered the Cavatelli pasta and Terrone pizza.  Not only was the pasta cooked well, but the sauce was FANTASTIC! It wasn't just any ordinary tomato based sauce, but rather a sauce that was stewed with the beef stew that was part of the dish, thus making the sauce rich and hearty. I don't think I've ever had VPN pizza before, so that was an experience.  Being that it was cooked in a wood fired oven, there was definitely a good, smokey flavor to it.  Although the description of the Terrone pizza said that it had "spicy" sausage, it didn't taste spicy to me, so for those of you who can't tolerate spice, fear not (unless my tolerance for spice is so high that mild/medium means no spice to me, which is entirely possible).I was so excited about my new discovery that as soon as I got home, I called my sister to tell her about a new lunch spot she can go to.  Then she burst my bubble to tell me that she already went during their soft-opening. Where was I??? Apparently I wasn't paying attention to her.Anyways, this is the latest place that I'm raving about, can't wait to go back and to tell all of my friends!One recommendation is MAKE RESERVATIONS! This place gets packed and when we were leaving around 8, the wait for a table for 2 ended up being an hour! It's worth the wait, but I couldn't wait until 9 to eat dinner.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2013,6/4/2013,905,867,7,18,13>As one of many long-time fans of Alexander's Steakhouse, I've had their newest seafood-centric restaurant on my radar for about as long as they announced they had intentions to take over the old Trader Vic's space.  Finally was able to make my way here for an early V-day dinner and decided to opt out of the (restricted) prix-fixe menu they've decided to offer that day and simply choose myself from their menu.For starters, the space has come a long way from it's tiki-Polynesian theme days when it was Trader Vic's.  The layout of the rooms seems familiar but everything is much more modern and sleek and the design takes advantage of the fantastically high ceilings.  Happy Hour by the bar seems to be a popular spot and with small tables to meet and dine, but the main dining room with a great view of the kitchen is where we decided to go for an early meal.  If you've been to the Alexander's Steakhouse in San Francisco (formerly Bacar), the spotless kitchen and open view of the chef and cooks will be reminiscent of the design here.Service, as is typical of Alexander's Steakhouse, was top-notch.  Our waiter, Hwan, was friendly, efficient, and very accommodating of our time deadline of only having one hour for dinner.  And while we initially thought we might only be able to have appetizers in such a tight time crunch, we successfully had appetizers, a main course, and even dessert.  Impressive.The cocktails offered here are similar to what you'd get at the nearby Four Seasons Quattro or at Alexander's Steakhouse.  They can be creative and tasty, are never watered down, but do add up quickly.  For simplicity sake's, we decided to order a smattering of hot appetizers and our favorite hamachi shots from Alexander's.  The food was prepared quickly and arrived with precision with a full team of staff.  A nice touch was that they plated separately items that we meant to share, so do note that my photos are sometimes of things split in half.  Although we ordered all the hot appetizers and they came out in fantastic time, it soon became apparent that the portion sizes of the appetizers here are truly bite-sized.  Past experience with some of Alexander's Steakhouse appetizers may have led us to believe otherwise, but we quickly ordered a main course and it was also ready comfortably by our deadline.  The Sea's Fried Chowder ($15) - my favorite dish of the night. A delicious remix clam chowder in which the main ingredient is fried and mixed with bacon and then a lovely cream broth is added to it afterwards.  It was the perfect temp, hearty, and nicely shared for two.  I'd have this again.Lobster Risotto ($22) - another impecabble dish.  Split between two, I'd say we each had three bites but it was delicious.  A chunk of lobster was on each split portion and the risotto was buttery and soft.  Would love to see this as a main entree, but hopefully the price wouldn't increase too much and the portion size would.Crab Cakes ($14) - I've had countless crab cakes as have many others and these are truly mini as they're described.  About the size of a ping pong ball and probably good for sharing, although the plate only had five.  The plate had mini pickles (?) and sauces that didn't add much to the dish.Nantucket BayScallops ($18) - these scallops were quite tiny (about the size of a soft ear plug) and the 10 baby scallops looked a bit lonely although there was a nice side of chopped sweet potato.Lobster Rocks ($28) - my next favorite dish.  Very lightly battered pieces of about half a lobster with tempura dyed with squid ink.  Topped with black truffle after deep frying. Tender lobster with a great batter and flavor.  Seared Mero ($40) - a nice portion of mero (like chilean sea bass) that worked well seared.  Good but a simple preparation and too similar to a fish most of us used to have often.  Monkey Business - a fun dessert of banana parfait, bread and a citrus ball that explodes when you mix it with the parfait.  Delicious. Overall, it's nice to see Alexander's Steakhouse branch into a new direction and into an area that has never really been a focus at their steakhouse (though they do serve seafood).  The decor, atmosphere, and ambiance are perfect for a destination restaurant and it's clear the location is already a popular spot for Happy Hour.  As a restaurant, I liked most of the appetizers but again found the plating to almost emphasize how small the portion sizes were.  The seafood main dish, while ok, wasn't as memorable or creative as Passionfish (Pacific Grove) or Le Bernadin (NYC), which is what I think they are aiming for.  I'll be back but hope they continue to improve and hit the level Alexander's Steakhouse is known for.The Sea accepts credit cards, including American Express.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,6/3/2013,66,106,1,6,3>This is my second favorite place to watch Sharks games (HP Pavilion is my first favorite, of course!)  I like this place because it's always so lively and the many TV screens ensure that you'll have a great view of the game almost anywhere. I've tried a lot of their menu items from pizzas, wraps, salad, and sandwiches.   It's your typical (but yummy) bar food. Nothing too greasy or anything like that. You can't really go wrong with anything you order.One certain nights this place can get pretty busy but we've never waited too long for a table.  The service is always great no matter how busy they are.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,6/2/2013,208,619,3,6,2>There is always at least a 20 minute wait for the boba here.I absolutely love the milk tea here especially the boba. I always get the green tea w/ boba, half sweetened. They write your order on your cup, which is pretty useful when you go with a group of people. The boba is also cheaper here compared to other places.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2009,1/2/2010,31,58,10,8,8>Fred's Steak.  That's all you need to know.  Order the sandwich or buy a slab for the grill.  You will not be disappointed.  If you are, I will buy you another sandwich because there is no way you will not like it!  That is, unless you are a vegetarian, then I feel sorry for you.  Why are you wasting time reading this review?!?  Go get Fred's steak now!
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2009,12/31/2009,1509,3598,6,13,11>sister restaurant of the one in Saitama Japan...and it showsthe yakitori is excellent -- one of my fave places to recommendso random to be located in Los Altos, but after you see that the $3-4 price is per individual skewer, well i guess the location fitsbusiness is good.  this is a japanese skewer bartried momo, tsukune, tontoro, "kobe style" beef -- so tenderall were expertly prepared, flavorful, juicy, perfectly smokedmomo spicy is ok too, but the best is regular -- shiothe sauces were very delicious, and i contemplated ordering more, but had already also filled up on karaage and mentai gohaneverything is pricey, oyako don is $12, karaage is basically $1 a piece.  drip lemon over the large pieces and savor the flavor and tenderness.  comes with shishito peppersplurges can be worth itcame back for the oyako don lunch ($10)yum, it's one of the tastiest i've had!  lunch card for the frequent dinerthe chicken and egg is exquisitely prepared--highly recommendedback again--this place is still delicious, also had the sumika don with the scrumptious, skin-on teriyaki grilled chickenthe slight shiso flavor and the smokiness is just amazingalso, i think the momo without the spicy sauce is better, since the sauce overwhelms the delicacy of the meatgrilled onigiri (rice ball) is very nice, complex flavor with shiso, perfectly crisp outside and not too drythe hearts are light and easy to eat -- very goodi think the quail eggs and asparagus wrapped pork tenderloin are not as good as the others -- though the asparagus with pork around it can be good (more variable)the shitake mushrooms are meaty and nicely grilledthe staff is different now since a lot of them moved over to orenchireturned for the tonkatsu lunch meal.  classic, comes with tonkatsu sauce and tartar like sauce, but not as special as oyako-don,  perfect egg texture, right amount of sweetness, and excellent chicken smokey flavor3 piece appetizer of karaage $5 is pricey since a whole karaage meal at lunch is $8dinner menu has some new additions: tried the cartilage karaage -- nice batterthe half size sumika salad is nice with a balanced mix of flavors like a chinese chicken salad and some crunch, sort of americanizeddessert was pretty good -- roasted tea brulee (made from before) but very tasty.only place like this is Gakuafter several years of eating here, still loving it.  they have some different summer specials, but been sticking to the classicsonly get half portion of sumika saladchicken experts -- perfect juicy tasty smoked and salted meatoyako don still dominates, and kara-age still excellentafter 6 years, still loving this place.  consistency upheld, now has some seasonal specials.  had the tofu custard with crab and roe
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2009,12/30/2009,51,286,13,6,7>My friend Dave invented the "FAIL" stamp.  Over the past two weeks, I realized I was probably his inspiration.  (Thanks Dave!)  Little by little, concerned (materialistic?) co-workers and friends have let me in on what is involved with being a woman, and gently let me know I am failing.  MISERABLY.  I don't own sexy jeans that show off my a$$, I don't own a designer purse, I don't have a bra that makes my cleavage pop out of my shirt, I don't even know what f#ck me heels are (so I likely don't own any) and instead, I own far too many pairs of granny panties (who cares, no one is seeing them but me!) and I am most comfortable in PJs...FAIL, FAIL, FAIL, FAIL, FAIL.  Luckily, there are some things I am successful at.  1) Ruining any attempts at healthy living by counteracting exercise with large quantities of fatty food, and 2) Inhaling my food at record speed in a most unladylike manner, often leaving me with condiments/sauces all over my face.  Mack's BBQ helps me to feel like a success in those areas and helps reiterate that I am in fact good at something.  After a nice run, or a trip to the gym, I can chow down on amazingly comforting, fatty, and fully delicious food that goes right to my behind (which is not clad in designers jeans...).  The BBQ is great, and since it is on my way home work, I will likely need to be wheeled out of this place by say, next week.  The beef brisket sandwich is excellent.  It is huge, served on a large soft bun with just the right amount of tangy BBQ sauce on top, and is likely to both clog my arteries and help ensure I don't live past 40.  Definitely give Mack's a try.  If you go, I'll be the fat chick in the corner, wearing PJs, covered in BBQ sauce.  With a big smile on my face.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2009,12/29/2009,493,361,6,11,9>I wandered in here after getting my eyes checked at one of the other eyeglass places in the mall, and after perusing through the selection of frames and unable to find anything that peeked my interested I along with my g/f made our way back to the car.  She then stopped grabbed my arm and said why don't we go in there and check it out?  I was one of those boutiques that I always walked by but never went in, I kinda wrote it off as one of those "fancy boutiquey" shops people go in to look but never buy anything from.How wrong was I.  When we walked in and initially, all the sales staff, were busy attending to other customers, helping them try on frames, I didn't mind I was able to go and look at some styles on my own and consult with my personal fashion consultant, (the g/f).  Immediately, what I noticed compared to the other glasses shops I came from was that the selection was very different.  The impression I got at the last place was that everything was either brass, steel or black and with different degrees on the shape, here Immediately, each designer line was very different from another, and quite a few of the frames felt very unique.  Olivia came by asking if we could use some help and I just wanted to see how out of my price range these glasses were going to be, but when she told me as I tried it on, I was shocked to find out it was much more reasonable then I was thinking especially considering these glasses were different from any I've had or seen in the past (I'm still relatively new to wearing glasses this was going to be my 2nd set) and because of their uniqueness I had no problem paying a little more to get that.  Olivia was really patient as we worked our way through a few more frames and was kind enough to give us her input as well, but during the time she was helping us she was low key and patient.I went through a couple of styles and Olivia told me that should there be a selected style that they didn't have in store, you could get it reasonable quickly from their other store in San Jose on Santana Road.  I fortunately was able to find a nice frame in store got the confirmed OK from the g/f and got it set up with my prescription.  For those of you using insurance they only accept VSP as an insurance carrier, but my employer doesn't even have a vision plan to begin with so I was going to pay no matter where I went from the beginning.  Still regardless, I am still very pleased with how these glasses turned out and I am sure these glasses were made pennies on the dollar overseas, still, I liked the unique designs they carried and I don't mind paying a little more for that uniqueness.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/28/2009,12/28/2009,111,233,8,10,11>She put the lime in da coconut! I love me some Sangria! We tried the White Sangria. I was *really* looking forward to this drink. It was very different from what I was expecting. The orange/pineapple juice was a smidge overpowering. It looked more like orange juice than Sangria. Be careful, the alcohol has a way of sneaking up on you.Small Ting:Codfish fritters. Crispy fried goodness with the most delicious dipping sauce. I'll quote my friend, "anything that has fritter in the name is always good" Oh and she was right...they were gooood!Big Ting:Jerk Burger with sweet potato fries. This burger was awesome! The sauce and bun were the best part. The meat was jerky but not that jerky. I was surprised that the fries were crinkle cut and not shoe string. But they still had that great sweet potato flavor.I have no complaints about the food. Then why the 3 stars you ask? The service could have been much better. There was a large party of 12 people sitting near us. Apparently the focus was more about them than anyone else in the restaurant. Unfortunate.The poor service this time won't stop me from coming back. I believe in second chances. I know they can redeem themselves. Plus I have to have an excuse to try their Red Sangria. Ya mon!
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2009,12/26/2009,375,796,4,8,7>Came here off and on during the past six years, only to be disappointed the last two or three visits within the last three years. But last night I wasn't disappointed, and neither was my friend. She ordered the mandoo appetizer, as well as a dolsot bibimbap (standard beef version); I had the vegetarian mushroom soon dubu. A bit limited on the panchan--some rather sweet, tangy, and crisp radish slices, wonderfully marinated sprouts, and the obligatory kimchi--but all very tasty. My soon dubu was accompanied by a bowl of red rice, which went very nicely with the panchan. My friend enjoyed her bibimbap and mandoo. I could have used more spice in my soon dubu, but overall, a great meal. Pretty good service, without attitude or too much waiting. Glad this is so close to my place; I'll be back, for sure!
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/9/2009,12/25/2009,176,264,11,4,4>Two men walk into Fu Lam Mum.  One was an civil engineer, the other an interior designer.The engineer says "WTFOMGLOL.  The second floor is a waste of interior space.  If they got rid of the high ceiling, they could double the second floor and cram more people up top. efficiency! efficiency! *Snort*"The interior designer exclaims "Sacre Bleu!  Black and white interior.  high ceilings with boring florescent flood lights.  Two Pinecone chandeliers (the same ones found in UCSC's Science Library, so not the fondest of memories come into mind when seeing them)"I don't know where this story is headed but their dim sum comes out bland to Mr. Taste buds. The best has to be their rice noodles.   everything else, including Shao Mai, Shia Jiao, Chang Fun (I'm not Canto, suck it up)  needed some spicing up.Dinner seemed to be on the Pricy side. And rice is now charged per bowl instead of per person, so rice-lovers beware.  The flavors of the dishes are nothing special, but lacks anything to complain about.But here's something to cheer for: they are open until 12, so older aged party animals like my parents can come for some intense Shiao Yie with their friends. Party on, mom and dad.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2009,12/24/2009,75,138,3,4,4>I've driven past this place a hundred times I'm sure and never gave it a shot until my Belmont friends who had been there before already suggested it so off we went. A very satisfying experience to be sure.It's an italian restaurant at its core but with a few sort of typical (not in a bad way) California influences. Breaded ahi tuna slices, for example with a cucumber salad were terrific. There's a Kobe Beef burger also - which is supposed to be great from what I've been told. But anyway - the kinds of Italian dishes you'd expect are here - pastas, pizzas, eggplant parm, and some meat dishes. So the front of the restaurant is a bar with a couple of small tables, dimly lit but still some buzz - TV up in the corner. There's the main dining room to the left and the more intimate VIP (as some have said) room in the back. Moving from the bar to that back room was a HUGE contrast, it was as if someone said "ohh I didn't realize who you were, follow me" and all was made well. I ordered the lamb osso buco and what a tremendous choice this was. A lamb shank with plenty of meat, a terrific tomato reduction sauce with red wine and soft, cremy polenta, not the preformed cake that is all mushy and chewy. If you didn't like polenta before you would like this. Yeah this was a well well executed dish and I very impressed! My friends had strip steak- very flavorful yet a bit tough, as is the nature of strip steak but had a great balsamic sauce on it. His wife's New York steak was huge and thick - very very tasty. There were beef short ribs on the menu that some of us were eyeing but we later found out they were all gone. I guess that helped making a decision on an entree that much easier.Dessert here was awesome - apple mixed berry crisp with cinnamon gelato was terrific - cinnamon gelato, which I've never had before was delicious. Service was satisfactory if not a bit curt but nothing stood out to me as lacking or exceptional. These guys have a Wine Spectator award - I didn't get a look at the list (wasn't in the mood) - unless it's the same as on their website. So maybe a bottle next time.I'm excited to go back here and try some of the other things on the menu - too many choices looked too good to pass up. So yes, very impressed, this is solid solid food in Belmont - could be the best restaurant in town.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2009,12/23/2009,85,1621,3,7,7>I wanted to try another nail salon in the Downtown Burlingame area and found this place through Yelp. After reading the positive reviews, I wanted to come in and see it for myself. I am a fan of these massage chair/pedicure water basin stations and I wanted to try the Spa Pedicure for $25. I lounged for a good 20 minutes while the pulsing water jets calmed my feet. Wei attended to my feet and she was gentle. She scrubbed, massaged with oil and lotion, not only my feet but my legs, too and then applied two hot towels on them when she was finished. You also get a no frills back and bottom massage via massage chair. Love it.She even cleaned up the streaks of polish around my nails with a thin brush with nail polish remover and that's actually the very first time someone did this; instead of removing the polish with their long fingernails after a line of polish is stranded in the side of the nail meets the side of the toe. Ladies, you know what I'm talking about. LOL That usually is the dealbreaker and she passed with flying colors!The place is very clean, well lighted and organized. They have a wall rack full of OPI, Essie and China Glaze nail polish to choose from. They even have a nail drying station (for both manicure and pedicure customers for the post-service). They turn on automatically and has a sensor motion. Freakin' cool! ;o) When it was time to bounce, Wei came over and sprayed the nail dry on my feet and I was ready to go! Sweet.I give Aqua Nail Salon four (4) stars, I'm a fan.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2009,12/21/2009,711,1139,10,12,13>Super friendly home style mom and pop serving simple Japanese comfort food.Went on a weekday night. A few locals were eating by themselves  while reading the paper. It's very clean inside with simple styling. Some jazz played in the background, perfect for a leisurely bite.Ordered up the tonkatsu curry rice ($8). (yelp.com/biz_photos/xFAg)The curry was tasty, couldn't tell if it came from  a box as someone had previously mentioned. The flavor wasn't as spicy and complex as other J-style curries I've had but still tasty. The chicken teriyaki was really good. It was lean and juicy. (yelp.com/biz_photos/xFAg)These dishes along with the Alaska roll, smoked salmon with cream cheese. (yelp.com/biz_photos/xFAg)  came out to $20. Getting a meal like this off 3rd in San Mateo would probably be closer to $30-35.I'd come back for lunch since the portion for dinner left me wanting more. But hey, it seems like a healthy meal and the service was great.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2009,2/24/2009,537,588,10,16,15>Yay I'm a Fan!  Welcome to my first real review of 2009... I'm far from a connoisseur when it comes to authentic Japanese Sushi, but I would bet Isobune ain't it!  My first impression: I love it here! Since I'm really a meat and potatoes kinda guy who some how avoided all things seafood, fish, shrimp, and other shellfishes due to allergies, I turned a corner when I tried raw tuna and salmon celebrating my brother's birthday in 2005 at U-Yee in Edison (see: yelp.com/biz/u-yee-sushi ).  At least, I know I won't die if I eat raw tuna or salmon.  I now even enjoy it. Isobune is a decent Japanese place for newbies to sushi to try different items at a reasonable price.  My favorites:    + Spicy Tuna Roll - 2 pcs $2.95  - fresh and filling   + Hamachi Toro Nigiri (i'm guessing...) - 2pcs $5.95  - "melt in your mouth goodness"    + Hamachi Sashimi - 8 pcs $19.00 - a la carte - incredibly fresh, excellent texture    + Vegetable Tempura $5.25 - not bad   + Green Tea Ice Cream: $2.25 Total Damage for 5 (no drinks): $125 + 20 tip... Yeah pricey - but the sushi boat experience at Isobune is right up my unsophisticated alley.Luckily, there were no bad choices yesterday evening (02/16/2009).  Great thanks to Henry & Cathy Lin for introducing us to this fun and casual sushi experience.  Notes: Sushi choices better than my standard joint: Hotaru (see: yelp.com/biz/hotaru-japa )Service:  Sushi chefs were friendly and available.  The waitress was inconsistently available toward the end of the meal.  All in all, not bad.Parking: plentiful parking in a free lot behind the restaurant.Final Verdict:  return soon!
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2008,2/23/2009,545,312,12,19,15>We went here today for a team lunch hosted by our senior VP.  6 people total.First off - Tamarine is pricey - 6 people - tab was about $300 with tip (and no alcohol)The ambience is excellent - quiet enough for business purposes and I'm sure it's real cozy in the evening for dinner with someone special.  Loved the decor and table placement - never appeared cramped or crowded and the booths were large and comfortably furnished.I noticed the table settings here were appropriate for the price level - this is definitely leaning towards upscale with heavy cloth napkins (fror lunch, I think that's pretty classy), matching silverware (a pet peeve of mine when they don't match) and a pair of high quality wood chopsticks.We were seated promptly and the waiter was very attentive, getting us drinks and making recommendations from the menu.  We decided to eat "family style" so we all got to sample all the dishes (except the shellfish that I couldn't eat due to my allergies)For appetizers, we had the salt and pepper calamari ($11) - it was great though a tad bit more oily than I would have liked - it was not very crunchy and only lightly browned - I actually liked it better this way, stopping short of the deeply fried fare that I've been used to when I order calamari.  The cilantro based dipping sauce was heavenly!  3 stars - it was great but if you like your calamari crisp and well fried, you'll want to stay away from this.Next appetizer - soft shell crab rolls ($11).  I didn't taste it but it was plated beautifully - and seemed very popular with the others.Third appetizer - tuna tartare ($13) - this was awesome.  The tuna was delicious and it had the right amount of ginger and cucumber - with a hint of chilis which gave it a nice kick.  A definite 5 stars.Next up - entrees.  First - Tamarine prawns ($24) - again, presented beautifully, on a bed of some kind of noodles and sprouts that everyone ignored.  The prawns were huge and again, appeared extremely popular.  Unfortunately, I couldn't try them.Next - Crisp fish penang curry ($19) - a nice take on a traditional curry - it had crisp fish (duh!!!)  - a fried catfish and eggplant (which I'm not crazy about), and some other veggies.  This is a spicy dish and I enjoyed it but the rest of the table found it to be too spicy - wimps!  I give it 3 stars - it was interesting and the fish was good but I've had better curry elsewhere.Next - two orders of the Shaking Beef ($24) - this looked like some pieces of beef cut up in cubes and stir fried and served on greens.  Boy, was I wrong - should have read the menu.  This was a filet mignon (it really is a filet mignon) that was cubed - it was so delicate - the beef literally melted in your mouth!  I must say I prefer my filet cooked traditionally and rare - but this was such an extraordinary dish that I made an instant exception.  I am leaning towards 5 stars for the Shaking Beef.Then, to keep us healthy, we ordered two vegetable entrees the Basil Tofu ($9) - this was also very tasty - the basil was slightly fried - it appeared to have been tossed in a wok with the tofu - the entire dish was seasoned with garlic and soy sauce.  For those who have read some of my other reviews, you probably know that I give 4 stars to basil if it were served on a plate by itself =).  So, the basil tofu... very good - 4 stars.Final entree was the curried long beans - these were so much better than I had expected.  Crisp beans with red chillies and tossed in a wok with seasonings and curry powder - this was a great selection.  For being a vegetable dish that I found so tasty, I'm going to give it 5 stars since it overcame a sizeable handicap just by virtue of being a vegetable and not meat =)For the table, we had an order of the Empress rice ($6) which comes topped with a runny fried egg and is mixed tableside - amusing.  We also tried an order of the coconut rice ($2.50) which has vanilla and roasted coconut flakes in it.  I tried the Empress rice and it was quite good.  I passed on the coconut rice.We were done but the waiter succeeded in his nefarious attempt to make us spend more money and convinced us to order dessert.For the table, we ordered the profiteroles, a butterscotch concoction and a chocolate tart.  I'm not a huge dessert person - I sampled them all and they were great but I can't say much about the relative merits and strengths of these.  The plates were wiped clean - that must count for 3 stars at least.Now, to sum up, I can't comment on whether or not this is authentic Vietnamese food.  But it was real good food, served in a good ambience and attentive waitstaff.  And it was great company (with a special interesting someone =) which made for a fun and memorable occassion.Overall rating, 4 stars.  I would easily go back there again, especially for a nice quiet evening with someone special for dinner and some fine wine.#23
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2008,2/22/2009,112,257,7,13,13>I've only had kaiseki ryori in Japan (still havent made my way to Kaygetsu), so I was pretty excited to learn about Wakuriya.  I shop at the Safeway in this shopping center all the time, so I knew a Japanese restaurant was opening, but I was not expecting kaiseki!  I could walk here if I wanted to.Took my parents here for a mother's day dinner, and it was great for my parents because they always feel more at ease when they can speak Japanese with the staff.  The service was very good and non obtrusive, and Mayumi-san (i think) carefully explained every dish to us.  We all chose the 6 course and managed to order every item on the menu.  If you want to see the full details of the May menu, you should read Ken K.'s review.  Saki-zuke: shiro maguro was delicious and great way to start the meal.Zenzai: OMG the uni and ikura okawa was heavenly.  I wish I could just keep ordering that.  The petaluma chicken, tako, and soramame soup were all delicious as well.  Probably my favorite course.On-mono: I absolutely love chawan mushi, and I will order it anytime I see it on a menu.  The asari chawan mushi was very good, and lots of asari.Tsukuri: I actually didn't order this myself, and I really should have.  I got a bite of the hon maguro and and hirame and I'm kicking myself for not getting my own Tsukuri.Agemono: I sampled a little bit of my mom's agemono and it was good but not greatly memorable.Yakimono: The ocean trout was cooked perfectly, but maybe a bit too simple for my taste.  Gohanmono: I had the unagi yanagawa and it was delicious with egg and gobo.  Accompanied with a bowl of very good quality rice, I wish I could just order this as an entree.Right before dessert, they serve really good quality green tea, which was an excellent way to finish the meal.  Now that is real green tea!Dessert: I LOVE japanese purin.  So this was the perfect dessert to this lovely kaiseki meal.  The purin was creamier and richer than I was expecting, but so delicious.  And the strawberry ice crea, green tea mousse and kuromitsu gelee were great compliments.  Luckily my dad only wanted a couple of bites, so I practically had 2 desserts.We had a wonderful experience, and the presentation of every course was beautiful.  I really enjoyed the peacefulness of the restaurant.  There are very few tables, so you dont have to worry about flagging down the staff or dealing with noise.  Many of the dishes definitely WOWed me, and some not so much.  But I really enjoyed the experience and would definitely come back again.  I would highly recommend just going for the 9 course, because 6 courses doesn't really fill you up enough.  I think 6 course is good for me, but I'm petite and I don't eat that much to begin with.When we left, the staff escorted us outside and remained at the entrance until we got in the car and drove off.  Service here is definitely top notch!  Menu changes monthly, so I'll definitely come back again!
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2008,2/21/2009,537,770,9,11,13>Trying to plan a catch up dinner with Chris E. since I haven't seen him since we last went to take pictures which must be back like in July? Gah. That's a long time not to see a good friend. He tells me since I'm the avid yelper to pick something healthy. Ok in my head healthy is like brown rice sushi. But then while looking through my list of bookmarked places that I have been dying to go to I spotted Pampas in Palo Alto. When he mentioned this place was supposed to be opening. Then I read Tim H's review saying it was opening that night, which scared Chris E., but I felt this primal joy of trying a new place on opening night. Yes, that is what it is to be a Yelper, you take risks you try new places in the never ending quest for deliciousness. It's a good quest to always be on, let me tell you.I made reservations ahead of time just in case, but as it was opening night it wasn't super crowded, but a nice busy. The atmosphere was pretty swanky. Huge glass doors, the bar was buzzing with people, dark woods, really pretty lamps with a soft orange glow, and exposed dark wooden beams on the left side of the dining room. On the left wall there were these two huge wooden spokes of some kind of old cart and on the back wall near the kitchen was a wall of what looked like different colored squash shapes. The lighting in this place was extremely well done.Like most Brazilian Churrascaria's there is this notion of greenlight/redlight where when you turn this little dial on the table to green and men surround the table to offer you meat. Let me say that whoever invented this is a friggin' genius. It was heaven. We skipped the vege bar and then it was greenlight. The first thing that came was the filet minion, and that by far was the best thing I had all night. Other things paled in comparison. It's rough to start with the best thing on the menu. Nevertheless we tried pretty much everything offered, chicken wrapped in bacon (how could I say no to bacon over anything?), Parmesan covered pork (slightly salty and dry), flank steak, chicken hearts, shrimp, chicken leg, lamb chop and many other cuts i have since forgotten in the madness that is the green light. With all the meat, drinking water just wouldn't clear the palette and as I'm not a super wine aficionado, I decided that a beer was in order. We tried the Brahma which is a Brazilian pale lager and I loved it! It tasted almost fruity and was super smooth. We didn't have any of the salad bar, which is not the value, and he scoffed at the guy with the grilled pineapples which I thought was hilarious. For dessert we ordered the Tres leches sponge cake and the creme de papaya. The cake was really good, but the creme was mouth watering perfection. Overall a perfect meal, although this morning I still feel full and may just be sweating meat from my pores later.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2009,2/19/2009,86,439,10,10,10>Solid 4 star burger joint. It's hard for me to knock this place.. in fact, i just adjusted the rating from a 4 to a 5 star rating. here's why. the patty is grilled to perfection, and it leaves you feeling perfectly full after having some delicious garlic frys or onion rings accompanied with the meal (keep in mind, you're reading the review of a BIG eater). you can add the condiments yourself, which is nice when you prefer more of one vege over another, etc. i had the avocado burger, which was fresh. between this place and joes cable cars in SF, its a tough pick. joe's has the edge on effectively marketing fresh chuck, but this place has the edge on a burger that tastes just as good at a lower cost. granted overhead is probably higher in SF, but in a time of recession when every dollar counts, cost matters man. anyway, jeffrey's hamburgers hits the spot for any burger craze! recommended!! p.s. i just sniffed my fingers and it smells like a fresh jeffereys burger. ahhh i want another one right now.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2009,2/18/2009,281,161,9,11,12>Usually I just get a sandwich from Specialties but I've been there 3 times in the past week and a half so decided to try something new.  Seeing all the positive reviews on Yelp I decided to give this place a try.  When I got there, the line was out the door.  Once you get inside, you order a sandwich from one of the guys and proceed to the cashier to pay.  It seems like a family owned business with the eldest of the guys manning the meat slicer and panini grill.  There were three other guys running around prepping, wrapping and bagging the sandwiches.  I ordered the "Spartan" ($6.25), which included roasted turkey breast, roasted red peppers, pesto sauce, and havarti cheese on a roll.  I also asked for everything so they topped it with tomatoes, lettuce, and red onions.  The sandwich was very good, vegetables were cold and crisp, roll was soft, and the turkey brought back memories.  My parents used to own a deli in nyc a long time ago and they always made fresh oven roast beef and roast turkey. Well after taking a bite of the turkey here I had a flash back to the roast turkey from my parent's deli...tender, moist, with a lot of flavor.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2009,2/17/2009,942,253,19,31,30>One of my favorite nurseries in the bay area because of the service and variety of plant material especially roses!  This is literally a one-stop shop for all things you dream about planting as well as solid advice/help regarding where you plan on planting your new find and if it works.  After all, repeat business is based on excellent customer service and plant variety folks.On this particular visit, Brad was giving me advice on a new tool that I have already ordered for my roses.  It is called a bonsai knob/knuckle cutter and here is a link to give you an idea of what it looks like: dallasbonsai.com/store/b  Brad showed me how you can get an excellent close cut with this particular tool when you want to cut off dead knobs off your rose or to prune some of those dead and/or unwanted thinner stalks.  Since Brad was showing me the tool, I asked him if he could take off the few dead knobs on the new rose (previously pruned at the growers) and to cut a few of the tender canes so that I would have only four (4) canes with an open pattern in the middle for good air flow (this I learned many years ago from a dear friend who is a rosarian). He was more than happy to do so.  He took my new roses and loaded them into the trunk of our SUV.  Then, we continued walking the nursery for further purchases.  After we arrived home, I lit a beeswax candle and gently dripped beeswax on the open cuts that were made by Brad.  This insures your new rose will not get any unwanted pests drilling into your rose via the soft new cut...an excellent manner to keep your roses safe.It is worth the stop on your way out of Half Moon Bay to browse, inquire and purchase adding delight to your garden at home!  I only wish they had a branch in the south bay!  A wonderful end to a nice long weekend in Half Moon Bay!
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2008,2/14/2009,378,208,4,6,6>5 stars goes out to THE best Cajun/Creole/Southern buffet in the Bay!!Seriously. I challenge anyone that could come up with another spot that offers: Quantity:   Ribs, Catfish, Jambalaya, Smoked ChickenFried Chicken/Oxtails, Collard Greens, Red Beans & Rice, Blackeyed Peas, Candied Yams, Mac & Cheese, Crabcakes, Crawfish, Garlic Crablegs, Oysters, Prawns, Gumbo, Cooked to order eggs, Grits,  Assorted Breakfast Sausages, Mild & Hot Links, Chicken Apple Sausages, Homemade Corn Muffins, Sweet Potato Pie, Peach CobblerBread Pudding with Whiskey Sauce, Banana Pudding. ...AND Quality:   This place stands true to the down-home flavors of the south. Having had the pleasure of visiting NOLA last year for their jazz festival, I was treated to an array of southern and cajun/creole delights. Picadilly's does a good job of replicating such authentic fare. Also, see Michael H.'s (i.e., a native southerner) review on how PC stands on the authenticity scale. As I alluded to earlier, PC stands second-to-none amongst restaurants serving these classical and tasty cuisines.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2008,2/13/2009,17,10,6,8,8>Not that I'm biased (I worked here during high school (yes, i was the one who brought you your miso soup in a styrofoam cup)) but this is the most delicious and most authentic sushi place I've ever been to.  Sure, it can be a bit of a wait if you come during the lunch rush, but here it's all about timing.  They say when it rains it pours, and thats true at Homma's.  Some nights we would have 5-10 customers the entire night, and others would be backed up for hours from open to close.  When there is a large crowd, it will take upwards of an hour to get your sushi, which is why calling in your order is essential for a successful dining experience.  When you call in your order, the cashier (often his son) will take it down, and then ask Homma (the owner and sole chef) how long it will take.  He will look at his pending orders, raise his eyebrows, utter something under his breath in japanese, and tell you how long its going to be.  9 times out of 10 orders are fulfilled on time.  If you're in a rush this is the wrong place to go, but for a relaxing meal where you can sit and talk for hours, or read a newspaper and not be given the check, nothing beats it.Oh and about the sushi: Brown rice has a nutty sweet flavor to it, a subtle crunchy texture, and its good for you too!  The combination of textures between brown rice and fresh fish (delivered from SF every morning) is to die for.  Like many who have reviewed this eatery, the Una Avo tops the charts.  The creamy avocado and the sweet unagi sauce were made for each other.  Other items to try is the inari with seaweed salad, futomaki (traditional japanese sushi), and the brown rice salad, which is a fresh salad with veggies, tamago, tobiko, and fresh bite sized pieces of sashimi atop a bed of rice, and covered with Homma's delicious homemade sesame dressing.  For the adventurous, when its in season, try the "SuperFresh" Uni (sea urchin).  Apparently it can only be caught 2 months out of the year, and then it is flash-frozen and delivered to sushi restaurants across the world.  I don't really care too much for Uni, but its a connoisseurs dream.  The california rolls are always a safe choice, as are most of the veg. rolls.  House salads are great too, often with fresh veggies from hommas backyard.  The miso soup is made every day before lunch and before dinner, and of course the fish is always super fresh.Homma's truly a hidden gem, down an alley behind the dry cleaners, and with hole-in-the-wall prices too.  You can't buy alcohol here, but if you place an order, stroll down the alley to mollie stones and pick up some beers he will open them for you.  Also no credit card machine, so bring some cash or expect to be walking to the nearest ATM down the street.  About the miso soup in cups ... he's been there 20 years ... its how he's always done it, and its how he'll always do it.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2008,2/12/2009,322,273,5,6,7>For a Chinese restaurant, this place is DELICIOUS.Judging from my plethora of reviews, it should be clear for those that don't know yet but I'm not a fan of Chinese food (I'm sorry I'm a really bad Asian! I KNOW!).My friends took us here after we landed and I must say I was impressed.The place is extremely clean (five claps from the germaphobe.)There is not even an ounce of grease in this place, which is (no offense) typically associated with late hour Chinese restaurants. This isn't a place for drunken feeding though, the place only opens until 11:45 pm. Don't ask, I'm not sure what would happen in the fifteen minutes that would cost them too dearly to stay open until midnight....right, anyways....I got the BBQ Pork/Wonton/Egg Noodle Soup. Hands down best noodle soup I've ever had at an Asian restaurant (NYC, Chi, DC included). The egg noodles were fresh and perfectly al dente. The soup was so flavorful and abundant. The wontons were plumply filled with shrimp and the BBQ pork was tender and seasoned perfectly- all accompanied with fresh, green Chinese broccoli. The stalks were young and very tender, it almost convinced me to love Chinese broccoli.Their curry fried rice was decent as was their spam/egg macaroni. I had this freshly-squeezed honey lemon iced tea which was nothing short of wonderful. My friend got the bubble tea and both of our drinks were constantly refilled. Who has ever heard of free refills for freshly-made drinks?!Fast service, clean atmosphere, fresh ingredients and more than reasonable prices, I must proclaim my newfound love for this place (and maybe even Chinese food.)  But let's take one thing at a time.....
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,6/22/2014,140,89,6,11,7>GREAT food and excellent service! Usually you only have good food and sub par service at most Chinese restaurants, but at Oceanic you can tell they really care about their customers. Here's the breakdown:Food:- First of all, complimentary egg rolls for dinner! I've never been to a Chinese restaurant that freely handed these out. They are quite tasty and fried to perfection, and they come with a sweet and sour sauce that really gives it great flavor.-Hot and Sour soup: This comes free if you go during lunch. Their soup is one of my favorites, it has the right amount of vinegar and heat and I appreciate all the chicken, egg, and tofu that they put in each bowl.- Eggplant with Garlic Sauce: The eggplant was really delicious, it was not too hard nor too soft and the skin had a bit of a crispyness to it which is exactly how I like my eggplant cooked. The sauce was a bit heavy, however, so my only recommendation is to cut back a little bit on that.-Chow Mein with Chicken: LOVE this dish, it's unlike any other type of chow mein dish I've had, as the noodles have a subtle hint of sweetness in them and it really compliments the other more salty entrees you order. The noodles are also thick and plump, just the perfect texture as I don't like my chow mein noodles to be thin.-Sweet and sour pork: The meat was really tender and not hard at all, there was a lot of sauce and it definitely delivered the right amount of flavor. I liked that the meat was cut smaller too so I didn't have to try to cut the meat myself on the plate.- Salt and Pepper squid: Really delicious, it was packed with all the right peppers and spices and the skin was very crispy and went well with the texture of the squid. My only complaint that it was a little on the salty side.-Ice Cream: FREE. The Green Tea ice cream is super good and creamy. Price:-I will admit the dishes are a little pricier than your standard Chinese restaurant, but with all the complimentary food they offer it's definitely worth it. For dinner most entrees are between 10-13 dollars. Service: -Everyone is always so kind and they have never forgotten an order or mixed anything up. They also pack all the leftovers for you! That is rare in restaurants, even upscale ones.Oceanic is definitely my go to spot for Chinese food in San Mateo and I'm always impressed by their food and service.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,6/21/2014,128,367,3,8,6>Upon walking in, you see a table full of clip boards and pens. Take one, and follow the steps:Choose your greens, your size, your 6 (included) toppings (quinoa!), your premium toppings, your protein, and your dressing type (they have a lemon juice option) and quantity (has the separate dressing on the side box), and you got yourself a salad.I have to say, I'm impressed. Even though it looks like they give you very little of the toppings (and honestly, I wouldn't mind getting more than an oz of tomatoes), the salad still comes out pretty balanced.Taking a star off for the price and the wait.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,6/20/2014,40,109,7,8,6>Great cookies and ice cream. A great selection and it was quick as well. I got the Turtle Cookie (chocolate and peanuts... whole peanuts) and salted caramel ice cream. I loved the warmed up cookies and the icecream was good as well. To the critics:If it's too sweet, you're eating ice cream between two cookies. Enough said.If you can't bite ice cream, man up (or woman up).If the cookie flavor overtakes ice cream flavor, you chose the wrong combination. Try again. They didn't choose that combo for you.Peace out!
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,6/19/2014,93,292,2,4,3>Top notch customer service! GIRLS at San Carlos Tan, you guys rock!Let's get straight to the point. I'm a pale black girl that wanted some color. I tan easily, I don't tan all the time, and I wanted some color on my skin. #firstworldproblems #whateverK. So, I looked up San Carlos Tan, booked 3 tans for $25 (newbie special), and during my spring break I went tanning every other day. The beds were super clean, the girls were friendly and nice, and I got a nice little tan. Their prices are really great, so if you're in the market for tanning beds, give San Carlos Tan a try!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,6/18/2014,9,19,3,5,4>I just had the most lovely pedicure and I am a happy girl!  I've been driving to downtown Redwood City for years but I didn't feel like braving rush hour traffic today because it kind of defeats the purpose of a relaxing pedicure.  Yelp lead me to Salon Q in Foster City (home) which is brand new, clean, and staffed with the nicest women.I was a walk-in which I will (hopefully) never do again.  This salon is small and I really love how Vivian took her time so I will make sure to book appointments from now on since it's not a large salon with a ton of staff.  I am fully aware of how lucky I got today!Vivian was exactly what I needed - she told me to go for the purple polish because I already had pink on my toes (talk to me like we're old friends?  instant bonus points!), she was super gentle when I told her about my sensitive toes, the massage was AMAZING and she knew some awesome pressure points that had my feet melting in her hands.  Maybe it was good timing but I didn't feel rushed at all.  My toes look great!  I'm relaxed and happy!  What more could I ask for?  (Oh, soft heels!  My heels are like a baby's cheek!)
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2014,6/17/2014,275,494,6,8,8>I went  for dinner last night with my special person....it had been a while since my last meal at this restaurant.There was a guitarist playing live music in the dining room giving that extra romantic feel especially with the dim lighting :) Restaurant was only half full and we got seated right away (we didn't make a reservation)The server was very friendly (certainly had a better service than my previous visit). Although, I did feel a bit rushed at times as the server would be too fast to clear the table and even when we were about to pay....just relax!!! lolWe ordered the Orange Carrots Salad, Briwatt sampler (two each: crab, chicken and vegetarian), lamb & veggie tagine and couscous to share. I checked in on yelp and we got to sample their Beets & Potato salad for free, yay! :)The Orange Carrots salad tasted just like carrots and orange... so certainly live up to the name of the dish. It was refreshing, not overly sweet for my taste and they mixed some nuts (pistachios, cashews) to give the different texture. The portion was good to share and my Momma would be proud that I ate carrots with my dinner, good source of Vitamin A! :)The briwatts were good. My favorite was still the crab filled bc they sprinkled red pepper powder that gave an extra kick although the bf loved the chicken filled one best. The vegetarian briwatt was just ok..don't meant to brag but I could probably make tastier veggie fillings...The lamb tagine was delicious, good portion for two to share if you (just like we did) ordered appetizers and salad as well. Price wise, reasonable for the type of restaurant, you get one piece of lamb shank along with some chickpeas, potatoes and zucchini. The lamb was very tender, fell off the bone, the sauce was flavorful and in my opinion, the dish was well seasoned and the spices covered that usual gamey smell of the lamb (although, I personally don't mind it..some might). The tagine went well with the couscous that we ordered as a side.Total damage was around $47 before tips, certainly not bad as we ate a good amount of food and overall, my dining experience was so much better than the prior visit (but also maybe because of my dining companion :)).
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,6/16/2014,90,437,2,4,2>I can't believe that it has taken me so long to write this review. I absolutely love Martins West. My fiance and I found it on yelp when looking for a dinner place before the movies. We loved it so much that we had his birthday dinner there a few month later. The restaurant was created using recycled pieces from an old ship. Its a fun atmosphere to sit in. The Moscow mules are phenomenal, you should definitely try it!  There is something about enjoying that icy copper cup with delicious dinner.The duck or the short ribs are my two favorite dishes here with the mac and cheese or the fried brussel sprouts. I can't select a favorite appetizer because I've tried them all and haven't been disappointed yet!
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,6/15/2014,113,362,,14,1>New independent coffee shop in town? Sign me up! (And thanks again, Yelp, for the "hot new businesses" listing!)True to the local vibe, Penelope's gets their coffee from a roaster in SF. In addition to the Greek coffee they offer several different roasts as pourover. That, in and of itself, prompts me to return. They also have yogurt and oatmeal.Given that it was my first visit, I really wanted to try their specialties, so I went for the Greek coffee and the Greek yogurt. I haven't had Greek coffee in a long time -- probably since I've been to either Evvia or Kokkari, and that's been years -- but it was just as I'd remembered it. In fact, I liked Penelope's BETTER. The yogurt was VERY tart in a fantastic way. I do suggest getting it with toppings... I had strawberry, blueberry, and mandarin. They do also have granola, almonds, etc.Service was very polite and friendly. I'm at the point where, if I go to a new place and I encounter snobbery, I'm not likely to return (so many great places around here to patronize, why bother?) -- but I definitely felt welcome and everything was served to me in a very efficient manner.It's also a very pleasant place to hang out. Nice tables inside and outside. When I was there, a big group was enjoying the outside seating, kids and adults were playing on the nearby lawn, people were studying and chatting inside... a very nice and comfortable neighborhood vibe. Made me very happy.I must say, I really enjoyed my visit. As I said, I do want to return at some point... but it's a bit out of my way, so I'm not quite a candidate to be a regular. However, I do end up at OSH quite frequently, so those trips will be my "excuse" to visit (as it's really close by). And it's open late! (Well, late for Foster City.)IMPORTANT NOTE: This is not any fault of the business, BUT beware plugging this address into your phone. I actually had a pretty hard time finding this shop... because my phone's map app took me to the wrong part of FC. I was driving around the part of town basically annexed by Gilead wondering: where the heck IS this place? Is it in a building? Even the geese at one of the mini-parks were looking at me like: Lady, what's the deal? Why are you circling around like this? Finally I had the wherewithal to look at previous reviews and find some sort of semblance of a hint to its location. BIG THANK YOU to the Yelper who wrote that it's within the Plaza apartment complex. That enabled me to actually find the shop. So...PRO TIP: Turn from Foster City Boulevard onto Triton. Pass the fast-food joints, look for the cute Penelope's signs helpfully placed along the street, and you'll find the shop. SIDE NOTE: It took me a while, but it hit me -- given the yogurt, and the coffee, and the oatmeal, I realized that it reminds me a bit of Fraiche. So if you enjoy Fraiche, but would appreciate less of the Palo Alto pretense, do come and check it out.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,6/14/2014,154,218,,5,2>5 stars for having 12 packs and liters of Guarana and Pao de Queijo in their assortment! I have been on a hunt to find a local store that carries these in the Peninsula/South Bay. I love that they speak Portuguese here. They even have Easter chocolate eggs hanging from the ceilings for a festive touch.  This place takes me back to Brazil! This is now my go to place to stock up on some of my favs.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,6/13/2014,77,150,2,12,5>Even for $6.50 a bottle, these juices are totally worth it.  I've never had cold pressed, freshly squeezed (that same morning!) juice before, and it is PHENOMENAL!!!  I can never go back to store-bought juice now.  It just can't measure up.I like the greens ones with a little bit of sweetness/other flavors, and my favorite fruit one was the grapefruit mint.  It was tart, just a tad sweet, and the mint was amazingly refreshing and complemented the grapefruit well.  I'll have to go back and try some other flavors though!I tried the greens 1 first, which was a mistake.  I wasn't expecting it to be so... greeny??  I got a sweeter greens and mixed it with a plain greens, and that was the perfect amount of sweetness/citrus flavor for me.They said the shelf-life on the juices was 3 days, so if you're planning to do a juice fast (which I have not done), they were telling someone else that they would have to come back to the store (for a 5-day fast) if they wanted truly fresh juice.The juice comes in fresh EVERY DAY!!The girl working there said they sell out every day, and get new fresh juices the next day.  I can see why it costs so much, but it's great flavor and you know it's good for your body.I would watch the sugar content on some of the juices if you're conscious about that.  Some of them are super high!  It is all natural, but it's still a lot of sugar (and almost no fiber).
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2009,10/13/2009,75,138,7,8,8>For what used to be a muffler shop this place turns out a pretty good burger. It feels diner like but it is extremely clean - it even has the centrally located high table with bar stools around it - the mark of ye trendy chic new restaurant.I won't take off any stars for this but the first time I ate here I was served my burger...without the burger :) I called the waitress over and said "yeah...there's no meat" we both laughed, she walked it back to the grill and the chef laughed out of embarrassment and promptly gave me what I ordered. I thought of all the things to forget this was more laugh-worthy than getting bent out of shape over. Maybe that's just the kinda guy I am.Burgers are good with inventive selection of choices - I think I tried the angry cowboy? Yeah that was good. Had the chicken sandwich - The Cardinal - which, despite reminding me of Stanfurd, was pretty good. The sweet potato fries here are awesome!. Quality of the meat is good, I'm not sure if it's the "best" I've had but it was definitely flavorful and juicy, not overdone or overly seasoned/salty.They have some good beers on tap - I had the Trumer Pilsner which was a great compliment to the burger. Shakes here are also pretty delicious - think there's a few choices beyond chocolate and vanilla - I wanna say coffee/mocha, mint and maybe some others.Jack's certainly a step up from your dingy burger joint and it sure beats going somewhere like Red Robin! During busy times this place really fills up so be prepared to wait a little bit.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2008,10/12/2009,278,355,11,12,12>It was pushing 6:30 on the night of the Yelp Elite Masquerade event, on a Wednesday nonetheless.  Neither Toys-R-Us nor Target had a suitable mask.  Time was running out.  Now what?  Time for Plan B. Lucky for me I'm a great planner... scribbled on a Post-it notepad in my back pocket is the addy and phone # for Fun House Theatrical.  Even luckier, this place stays open till 9pm.  Walking in I am overcome with masks and costumes.  Lots of options.  They have tons of masquerade masks.  I tried on a few and looked in the mirror.  I was missing something... hair.Hell I'm getting a wig I thought.  They have tons of wigs:  Blonde, redhead, schoolgirl, Elvira, Jewish sheepherder.  I got the long blonde wig.  Deep down inside I'm a blonde.The lady was very helpful.  After picking a cheapie wig, she offered higher quality suggestions.  Then showed me wig placement and suggested I trim the bangs to give it a more natural look.  Unfortunately she couldn't find a comb so I was out of luck.  I hope I still looked like a natural blonde.They have tons of other stuff.  She suggested next time I get some makeup to complete the look.  Oh and the large selection of pantyhose, and various naughty girl outfits.  Well maybe they weren't inherently naughty, just my mind running wild with the possibilities.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2009,10/11/2009,505,313,4,7,6>This is an AMAZING find! The food, yummmmmmm. The drinks, so much to choose from! The service, friendly. This place isn't a fancy restaurant, has a very local feel to it.What to order:Jerk Salmon- soooo good! The jerk sauce is delicious.Coconut Martini- creamy and sweet =)The fried bananas that came with the Jerk Pork taste like candy!I definitely recommend this place!!!
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2009,10/9/2009,176,264,5,7,5>Though a tad on the pricey (welcome to palo alto) this is by far one of my favorite Indian buffets.  And for about $11, you get an endless supply of na'an and curry.  And sure, our na'an basket was always empty, but that was because they couldn't keep up with how fast we were devouring them.  The service there was actually surprisingly good.  Consistent refills of na'an and water, and my used plate was always gone by the time i was back from the buffet.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2008,10/7/2009,151,182,9,7,8>One of the few joys of returning back to Phoenix after a weekend in the bay area is amazing all my homebody Phoenician friends with tales of the amazing things I've witnessed during my Jules Verne-ian adventures in California."Oh, so I was in downtown 'Frisco, right, and I was walking around in Castro, you know, the gay district, and nobody stared at me. Everyone just smiled at me. It's like they knew, you know, but they didn't care. Why would they? I wasn't the only tranny on that sidewalk. And guys are holding hands with guys and girls are kissing girls and nobody's making a fussy about it, it's awesome.""Oh, that's cool. That sounds like a lot of fun, actually.""And everyone knows how to drive, too. Everyone's driving the speed limit, everyone's stopping where they're supposed to, no one's going sixty-five in a twenty-five...and their city's not built on a grid like ours. Well, it is, but it's multiple grids, like a waffle...yeah, it looks like a waffle...but yeah, so the roads are tricky and I can never tell where the fuck I am...""Wow, that is kinda weird.""And they have all these quirky little eateries that you'd never see in Phoenix. They have this one in San Mateo called Sweet Breams. They make like these little waffle fish filled with stuff, like nutella and vanilla, I think pink lemonade's one of their flavors, too.""...get out...""No, I'm for serious. They're these tiny little waffle fish...""By 'waffle' do you mean like a waffle cone you get at Coldstone Creamery, or like genuine waffle, like you'd get at Waffle House?""Like, legit waffle. The soft and fluffy kind.""And it's filled with...stuff?""Yeah. Soft, bouncy waffle fish filled with...stuff. It was right next to that hot pot place we went to for Misty S' birthday. It was like 10 at night and they were still serving little chocolate fishies. Oh, and get this. They sell them in "schools". You know, like schools of fish. Isn't that disgustingly adorable?""They were open at 10 at night? You're always complaining about how that place has a bedtime and all the shops close way too early.""Well, no, I mean, the sign said 'closed' when we came up, but apparently the owner knew some of the peeps in my party and let us in. We ended up staying until 1030. They had Japanese newspaper. I took a picture with me holding one that featured Obama on it.""We must have this in Phoenix.""I know, right! We should steal it, like Jack Skellington.""A 'Nightmare' reference? Really? What are you, sixteen?""Oh fuck you.""Still, this 'Sweet Breams' sounds amazing. I might actually have to accompany you one one of these trips. If only to try this.""Yes. You must. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to update my LJ now so I can catch the next episode of Gossip Girl.""Okay, I'm sorry about the 'Nightmare' comment. Don't be so dramatic.""Sorry. Can't hear you over my iPod. Oh my god I love this MCR song so much. I think I'm going to play this song over and over until my boyfriend comes back to me.""You don't even like boys.""Your mom doesn't like boys."
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2009,10/6/2009,6,102,8,6,6>How did I forget to mention the udon nazi in my first review......  just like seinfeld, but better.  Better because he's right down the street from me, and better because he kind of has this japanese elvis-impersonator thing going on.  I freaking love the guy that works there... no, not love like moonlit walks and spooning... love like I think I want him to marry my sister.  I wonder if I could talk her in to it??  Anyways... don't know his name, just know that he's total comedy.  He seats you, he takes your order, he brings your food, he yells at you occasionally, he cusses you out underneath his breath.... he's the best!As for the restaurant.. rock solid.  All their udon/claypot dishes are phenomenal... I love how they can have just the right amount of sweetness in their dishes without it overpowering the spice.  They also do like one type of sashimi... which is great, since it's reliably fresh.  Hell, if you only do one thing right... just do that one thing.Anyways... got to go... time to call sis and see what I can make happen!
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2009,10/5/2009,629,118,6,8,7>This place is amazing! I'm really surprised that after living in San Mateo for 10yrs, I've somehow never discovered this place!!!!After getting off work tonight a little late, I needed some place in San Mateo where I could order good chinese food that was still open. Not really knowing any off the top of my head, I opted to come into Yelp and rely on the helpful reviews of fellow Yelpers to help me pick out where my next meal was going to come from (no..cooking was not an option...screw you cooking...HISSSSSSSS). After some initial perusing, I discovered a couple of reviews for China Bee. I called them up at 8:50pm..asked when they were closing..and they told me 9pm. CRAP! When the lady sensed the dissapointment in my voice, she immediately informed me that if I was doing a to-go order, it would be no problem and that my order would be ready in 10mins. SCORE! Sad puppy dog eyes..erm..voice really does work!Not really knowing what they had, I decided to play it safe and ordered shrimp fried rice, beef chow mein, and after reading all the glowing reviews below, decided to also try out their stinky tofu. First off I have to disagree with Nancy L. Because their stinky tofu is one of the stinkiest tofu I've ever had. And I mean that in a good way...its really great...just stinky. If that makes any sort of sense. Their fried rice was done to perfection. Not too salty or mushy. And their chow mein was great as well. After tip, the bill came out to about $23. Pretty great deal for delicious food! Definately a fan and DEFINATELY coming back!!!
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2009,10/4/2009,275,727,19,17,16>My car's interior was so dusty that John Steinbeck came back just to life to write a sequel to the Grapes of Wrath. My car would be on the cover.My car is older and dust has accumulated in places I never knew even existed. On my most recent stop at Millbae Express Car Wash, I browsed the menu options and decided to try the "Super Wash". It was a bit more than I normally would spend ($28.00), but the interior offerings appeared to do some things and get into places that no human would ever attempt.After 30 minutes I can say that not only did I think I got my moneys worth, I was completely blown away how by just how clean and shiny my car looked. The staff took their time as they removed my car mats and made them look like new. They also used a special air blower that removed every spec of dust. My car is now completely free of dust. Did they neglect the exterior? Not at all. My wife gets the garage and I get the pleasure of parking under a pine tree which rains sap on my car. I have sap spots that I have been on my car for six years. I have tried everything but have never been able to remove them. Well not sure what these guys did, but all of the spots are now long gone.Later that afternoon I picked up a friend who immediately noticed just how clean my car was. He said and I quote "So you finally broke down and had your car DETAILED...what did this set you back?"  I asked him to guess and he responded "$200 plus tip". When I told him what I paid his eyes lit up and pointed out that he paid $225 for his detail and thought my $28 car wash was every bit as good as the detail he paid millions for.No story here Mr. Steinbeck
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2008,10/3/2009,247,87,5,7,8>I went for my 4th time last night and the 4 stars were well-deserved! The previous times I've been there, my friends didn't care for the tall, dark-haired gentleman that was managing the hostesses. Next time, we'll get his name. I didn't personally interact with him but I guess he was discourteous and unmannerly towards my friends. Minus 1 star!We didn't see this inhospitable host last night. Maybe that's why it was a 4-star experience this time?Initially, we put our names down for a table but as we waited in the lounge area, we decided that it was more comfortable and entertaining to eat there. Good decision.My GF and I each started-off with a glass of the peach sangria and even though I've had this thirst-quencher before, the glass they serve them in still looked as huge as the very first time I saw it. TIP: order the single glass servings versus the pitcher because supposedly the pitcher serves four but 3 of my GFs and I proved that theory wrong.After you finish your huge glass of sangria, they give you a little fork to savor the soaked fruit pieces. Mmmmm!For our meal, we decided to split the ahi tuna tartare, braised short rib tacos, and the kobe beef mini-burgers. The tacos and mini-burgers come in three's, but our server offered to make them four each so that we could split them evenly. How sweet of her! Sounds like a lot of food for two girls but we have big appetites!We cleaned off every plate and our server, Stephanie (who is gorgeous!), was impressed. She mentioned that she was surprised we finished everything but sadly, we didn't leave room for desert.The tuna tartare was small but yummy! The braised short rib tacos were almost too spicey for me (can't really do spicey anymore) but they tasted too good to go to waste. The kobe beef mini-bugers were my faaaaavorite! I highly recommend them! I really like the lounge area of Joya, and the general tone and mise en scène of the restaurant as a whole. My GFs and I meet for Happy Hours and dinners in PA quite a bit and I think I will recommend Joya more often from now on.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2009,10/2/2009,217,249,5,7,5>Sometimes we just have a hankering for some fish and chips, darn it! Last weekend we decided it was one of those days. We had seen this little hole in the wall a week or so before when we brought the dogs over to that area for a walk on the beach. So, we noted that in our brains and when that "moment" struck, we said "Hey, remember that place we saw? Maybe we should try their fish and chips this time." We did. SOOOOO glad we did! We got the clam chowder which I thought was really yummy. LOTS of clams that were perfectly done and not chewy at all. After a bowl of that (which we split!) I could have stopped probably. But as any foodie knows... we CANNOT stop there! We ordered the fish and chips and the scallops and chips. The fish was moist, soft and flaky. The breading was perfectly crisp. The chips were hot and crunchy. Scallops were bay scallops (the small ones) breaded and fried. Also perfectly crispy yet moist on the inside! I think we have a winner! Next time, I think I'll go with just one or the other. Or share! The BF agrees that we have a new favorite fish and chip place and we will be going back to try the dinner items as they sounded delicious also!
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2012,9/28/2012,83,80,3,5,3>Been here several times, once for breakfast and the remaining times were in the evening. Great place to gather with friends and watch popular sports airing inside and outside. If you can snag a seat next to the fire pit, do it! Before 8 pm there can be a lot of children present, so if you are easily irritated by them, I would avoid going until they are all safely tucked in bed. ;)If you are a breakfast food aficionado you might want to try somewhere else, but the lunch and dinner menu is great!Service the first few times was less than what I expected, but the very last time I visited the service was great! I don't want to say it's hit or miss with the staff, but it seems to be. I will be back and prepared for the waitstaff this time! heh heh heh
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,9/27/2012,68,316,4,6,5>Joanie's is one of the few constant places to go for a quality breakfast or brunch on the peninsula. They do a superb job of healthy and hardy food choices as well as superior service. Just to back my statement up if you get there a reasonable time after they open you will have to stand in line reading the Metro or borrowing pieces of the communal weekend newspaper to pass your time.They offer quite a menu selection and the baked items are worth the trip alone. Their blueberry muffins  are larger than a boxers fist! The table next to us put in an order for a half dozen to take home for the kids I am sure the adults helped themselves as well!The clientele is quite eclectic bunch for brunch which ranged from Sanford students, to a couple of lawyers at the adjacent table to us, and old money couples that refuse to cook and appear to have their own dedicated tables!The service was very brisk to keep the patrons happy and keep the tables turning over for the next seating. We enjoyed our selections very much and our server was quick to bring out our orders and make sure our coffee was refiled and asked if there was anything else she could do for us. I would highly recommend and suggest your arrive early if at all possible or your will join the gang waiting for a seat!
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2012,9/26/2012,210,226,2,10,6>I've been taking my dogs here for the last 4 + years.  My big baby is now a 14 year old lady.  I've had a ton of issues with vets in the past because of her breed.  Yep, you guessed it.  She's a pitbull.  Not only have they accepted her, they have taken great care of her.  Poor dog has had 2 knee surgeries and several things happen.  Today, I brought her in without an appointment.   She was feeling very... very ill.  Eyes were darting back and forth, puking, falling over... Needless to say, I was very, very scared. Dr. Harish assessed the problem of course.  Every time I bring her here, she's always calm.  Dr. Harish never makes her feel nervous at all.  She's calm to begin with but she pretty much lets him do whatever he needs.  She just trusts him.  The entire staff is just wonderful.  They all know her (probably too well at this point) and seem to enjoy her when she's there.  Best part, as I was leaving today, the tech at the front desk (I feel so horrible for never grabbing names) told me about a rebate program for the medication that my dog's been on for the last 3 years.  She went as far as printing all of my previous receipts that had the medication on there so I can submit for rebates.  Who does that???? She really didn't have to and I think telling me about the rebate program alone was just awesome news. I trust the staff with my dogs.  For those of you who've mentioned that some of the staff seemed snooty, there has been staff changes (from what I can tell)  seems like the last few times I've been there, there was an unfamiliar face.   Oh, and yes. She feels better.  She's to be monitored but she's doing much better :)
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,9/25/2012,318,202,6,9,6>WHA? I haven't reviewed the Shack? Shame on me!This is my go-to place for my Lobsta Rolls. This is a solid four star restaurant because while it's not the BEST Lobster Roll I've had, it's a pretty darn good one. Food: Order the Lobster Roll here - it's the best thing on their menu. I prefer the naked because I believe that Lobster meat shouldn't be messed with. What I love about their roll is that it's simple but they do something so simple but adds a whole lot of flavor - they toast the bread with butter!! what a novel idea! it's a little step that most places fail to execute but makes a huge flavor difference.  I also LOVE the coconut battered shrimp. I normally don't love coconut anything...but this stuff is pretty darn good. I also am a fan of their clam chowder. While not the best, it's still very good.  Also, I prefer their sweet potato fried over their regular fries. Price: This place is not cheap, but what do you expect from a place that serves Lobster? I'd be worried if it was cheap.Ambiance: it's feels like you're on a cheesy fisherman's boat. but i love it. it feels  like a true hole-in-the-wall. Service: is GREAT. the lady at the register is a lovely woman and the staff is always courteous and helpful. BOTTOM LINE: the best Lobster rolls you can get on the Peninsula and South Bay.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2012,9/24/2012,439,150,5,9,5>Four stars for the artichoke bread: soft, fluffy, fresh out of the oven. We got one loaf to eat with lunch and picked up another loaf to take home. Uh, we also got some English muffins that I just remembered are still hanging out in our car. Be right back....The little picnic area behind the store is what pushes this place into 5-star territory. There are some tables with umbrellas set up and if you look over the white fence you'll see a nice little creek. Seems to be a really popular biker (bicycle, not motorcycle) destination.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,9/23/2012,88,444,3,3,3>Decided to try this after browsing around for dinner on Yelp.  I stopped by and grabbed their Ssam wrap.  It is essentially a bibimbap in a burrito.  The inclusion of lettuce inside the rice paper was done surprisingly well.  It's probably one of the few times where the liquid inside of any wrap doesn't fall out at all.  For that and the deliciousness of the Ssam wrap, I would definitely come back yesterday.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2012,9/22/2012,637,255,15,14,14>The word "rave" always reminds me of my wild teenage & young adult years spent in Portugal where electronica music was all I needed in order to get a party started! When my boss suggested to have our working lunch at Rave Burger, I chuckled as an image of him going crazy with glow sticks popped into my head. Reality set in again once we sat down at their only table outside on the sidewalk and soothing Dido tracks emerged from the outside speakers. As I generally try to keep my carbs low during the week (so I can devour warm fresh sourdough bread slathered in butter over the weekend without feeling guilty), I ordered the Spinach Chicken Breast burger without the bun and instead on a bed of house salad (yelp.com/biz_photos/jS1j). The chicken was juicy and seasoned well, the provolone slice was big enough to ooze all over the burger and the spinach had a nice garlic kick. The bed of house salad was fine, although a little boring. Mixed greens could really elevate this to the next level. I had a choice of side - either French Fries or more house salad. So that's when my low-carb idea for lunch went out the window, and I am glad it did, since the French Fries were crispy and delicious (yelp.com/biz_photos/jS1j). My boss had the pear salad which looked great and he really liked it. Next time I'm opting for something less healthy and will indulge in one of their fantastic looking beef burgers loaded with whatever I'm in the mood for that day. Maybe that will make me rave even more about this place!
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2012,9/21/2012,100,285,46,55,50>I've been a red wine aficionado for years, and Palo Alto has been among my favorite stomping grounds since long before Slick Willy brought Fleetwood Mac back together for his first Inauguration, but I never heard of The Wine Room before Yelp brought me to it.When a late-night professional gig on a Monday night was cancelled at the last minute, I found myself with time on my hands, and a yen for a cross-sampling of some of the finer things in life, so I headed to Palo Alto.  My first stop was Paxti's, where I sampled some of the finest Chicago deep-dish that the Bay Area has to offer.  When the meal neared it's end, I was feeling mellow, and in no hurry to end the evening, so I pulled out my Droid and asked Yelp where I might find a wine bar close by.  It turned out that The Wine Room was only about a block and a half away, so off I went!My path led me across University and up the first block of Ramona Street to the unobtrusively unusual signage of The Wine Room.  yelp.com/biz_photos/IqfA Walking in, I noticed the traditional bar area was pretty crowded for a Monday night, yelp.com/biz_photos/IqfA so I looked around and noted the rest of the layout.  Fit into various sections and corners of the fairly spacious front and rear rooms of the Wine Room are assorted couches, sitting areas, and cozy nooks for sitting and enjoying some wine, food, and however much or little company you might be in the mood for.  There's a fireplace sitting area in the very back yelp.com/biz_photos/IqfA, and comfortable couches with pillows and tables close at hand.  To quote my friend, Janet O., the overall ambiance is "Uber cozy.  Warm and welcoming".  It's relaxed and intimate; the perfect place for a tete-a-tete conversation or a small gathering of friends.I found an unoccupied nook yelp.com/biz_photos/IqfA in a back corner where I sat after asking the bartender if he could take my order there.  When the bartender came over, I asked for and received the 411.  The pouring menu changes every few weeks, and they're totally fine with requests for tastes if a customer can't quite decide what to order.  I couldn't, and so asked for tastes of the two Pinots there were pouring that night.  There's also a "lite fare...to share" menu with various snacks, tapas, and desserts suitable for various appetites and tastes.  yelp.com/biz_photos/IqfA The first Pinot I tasted, the J.R. Storey 2008 from Paso Robles, didn't to the job for me at all.  However, the 2009 Domaine Desertaux-Ferrand Bourgogne Rouge had an aroma that was almost bursting with bright cherries and pepper, yet the flavor was light and delicate; I bought a glass to enjoy.  yelp.com/biz_photos/IqfAHappily ensconced in the couch-appointed nook, I enjoyed my Pinot and read the NY Times on my Droid, pausing once or twice for a touch of people watching and to take a few pictures.  The bartender came by to check on me in an unobtrusive but attentive fashion; I've been back several times since that night, and regardless of how busy or empty I've found the Wine Room to be, I've always been impressed with the excellent service and knowledgeable staff.After a comfortable while, I moved on to my next destination of the evening.  I found the Wine Room to be a delightful discovery, and have subsequently been very pleased to return to it both alone and with friends for an excellent glass of wine, a light snack, and/or some tapas.I highly recommend this place; while the prices are a touch high for the quality of the wine being poured, the service and ambiance makes it well worth the freight.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2012,9/20/2012,403,410,3,10,6>I love supporting small businesses!  This is a great discovery that my gentleman and I decided to add Indian food into our rotation.Started off with the Vegetable Samosa.  A dish of 2 perfectly seasoned and cooked samosa with the perfect crispy outside.  Definitely would get this again.  I love potatoes!  Not oily at all for being fried!Then came the Garlic Naan, regular naan, Basmati rice, and our main dish Chicken Tikka Masala. All of these were standard and nothing super special but very good.  Garlic naan wasn't amazing or the best I've had but quite good and I loooooooooooove naan.The chicken tikka masala was delicious and a generous portion for 2 people.  I enjoyed mixing everything together on my plate and relished in what seems more like home cooking than pretentious restaurant fare.The surprise dish of the night was the Baigan Bhurta eggplant! Suuuuuper tasty and I've never tasted eggplant like it!  A must try if you've never had it.  Very flavorful and memorable.Also wanted to mention that our server was excellent.  He was very friendly and wasn't overbearing.  The place is relatively small and there weren't a ton of customers the random weeknight we went, but it was pleasant and busy still.Will be back to try the beef kabob and get the Baigan Bhurta again.  Yumyumyum.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,9/18/2012,84,60,1,5,4>Saw this place on Yelp and being that my mom is gluten free, I had to check it out. We had a family of 6 adults and 3 kids and we sat outside. Love the decor, clean and modern. You order your food and pay ahead of time. We started w the flatbreads -gluten free - the portobello and goat cheese was sooo delicious! I had the unfried chicken (not gluten free) and it was sooo good. It came with potatoes and a mustard sauce. I wish it had more asparagus though instead of all of the fingerling potatoes. Good service, friendly. I will definitely be eating here again.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,5/12/2014,439,150,1,7,4>Aside from Ozuma, this is the closest restaurant to our house. We're lucky that it's also quickly become one of our favorites. We've been a few times in the past few months. We feel quite welcome here despite bringing two young children (par for the course in San Carlos) and being lightweights when it comes to drinking wine (thanks to the patient servers who let us try a few different ones before we decide). Generally we order a few cured meats, a cheese plate, a salad, soup (the soup is always really good and served piping hot), and usually one or two other things. And lots of extra bread, the baguette slices that they serve here are really good. The apple bread pudding is really tasty as well.Overall a nice addition to Laurel Street, really happy to have it on our end.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2014,5/11/2014,76,178,4,7,4>Just as good as I remember.  Tried to be a little healthier and got the chipotle chicken with spinach tortilla.  Big emphasis on the little because I'm pretty sure the spinach tortilla has maybe a littttle more vitamins than the flour-- still tastes just as good though!  Delicious, and I cannot get enough of their soft stewed, marinated chicken.  I stocked up on the salsa bar as always (pico de gallo and the spicy (!) salsa verde).  Also instead of snacking on chips, munched on the super tasty vinegar carrots (is that oregano?) and radishes.  This place always hits the spot when I want a Mexican burrito, and I always end up getting stuffed halfway.Their platters are also good and enough food to be split between two people.  Have yet to try a taco-- I've always wanted to just stuff my face.Came right at twelve so it was busyyyy.  Wasn't offered the complimentary chips, and yeah, the seats are not by ANY means comfortable, and you're basically touching stranger's backs, but the burritos and salsa bar cannot be beat!
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,5/10/2014,119,227,5,6,3>Ugh, I know, I'm totally on this 5-star review kick, and for that, I apologize. Hope I'm not losing credibility, but c'mon... I've been feeling super positive this year and seem to only feel the need to review places I love!That being said, I first came to ZombieRunner in 2010 or 2011. I was out with kids during work, and when I saw that it was a zombie themed running store AND coffee shop, I was intrigued. Went it, got some cold brew, and it was fucking delightful! For some reason, cold brew isn't that popular in the Bay Area. When I'm in Austin, they have it EEEEEEVERYWHERE. Here, it's kind of rare, so it's always exciting to find some. Their cold brew is perfect; nice and smooth, no bitterness or acidity, and strong enough to give me a crazy caffeine high. I highly recommend you come get some coffee, or peruse their interesting snack selections. I'm on a super strict diet, so no chocolate for me, but they had some really cool Tcho bars that I've yet to see anywhere else. One of them even has FREEZE-DRIED ICE CREAM bits in it! WTF, that's so rad!
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,5/9/2014,342,133,5,6,6>This is my favorite boba spot in the Bay Area by far. The milk teas are always so fresh. I love the way they customize the drink to your liking. Almost every combination comes out good. A drink we order frequently is Taro black milk tea half sweetened with honey boba and red been. My husband and I switch off between getting it cold and getting it warm. Either way its delicious. We have also grown to love the Honeydew and Almond mixed black milk tea with honey boba and red bean. This one we like over ice. They take credit card and use Square. The portions are big and priced well. They only thing that I hate is that the place is usually filled by not just customers....but tween customers that come in herds. I guess its like "the spot" so I can't really blame them for their parents dropping them off there to get a yummy treat that they can afford from their weekly allowances. It definitely brings the place business. It's just hard when huge groups of them are waiting inside for their drinks at the pick up spot. Maybe this place needs to move to a little bit of a bigger space. Although having it in a tiny spot that looks like a PO box station has a certain charm to it that I like. All in all, I'll come regardless of the tween crowds because I love the drinks here
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,5/8/2014,239,373,4,9,8>I bought a 90 minute couple's massage for my anniversary. Here are my thoughts:Positives (+):(+) Reservations were easy to make(+) New customer discount, very affordable (it was $70 per person for a 90 minute body massage)(+) Confirmation phone call was nice(+) Massage itself was pretty good. I had a knot in my left shoulder that she focused on for a while, and I practically felt it breaking apart.(+) Open lateNegatives (-):(-) We were brought into our private room right on time, got naked (we were told to leave our underwear on), and under the sheets. Then we waited. And waited. The two masseuse came in 10-15 minutes late. (-) Pressure was odd - I'm not going to lie, I have a few sensitive spots. But I feel like my masseuse's pressure was not consistent - sometimes it felt more like a light rub, sometimes I had to practice my slow deep breaths.(-) The head/face holes were really uncomfortable. They were padded and covered, but then they put a rough paper towel on top of it. Just wasn't very comfortable. (-) When she was working on my arms, she didn't cover my back with the sheet. It got cold. Overall, pretty good. I would go back again for the price and would try the foot massage part of the business (the keep your clothes on type of massage). One thing to note, and I didn't mind but if you are sensitive to people touching you, you will care. She went really high up in my inner thigh, and the way the sheet was angled, I know everything was out in the open. It actually made me glad I had underwear on, but I'm sure the male masseuse who was massaging my boyfriend in the same room got a good view. There may have been a few light accidental touches too. Just something to keep in mind if you are paranoid. I totally didn't care.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,5/7/2014,68,316,3,6,4>Every winter I crave good spicy Chinese Food. I used to work for a firm that would host a holiday luncheon every year here but unfortunately due to some extending circumstances way beyond my control I am not affiliated with that firm any longer. So no free or discounted luncheon this winter.But I still craved some good (American) Chinese Cuisine and made my pilgrimage back on a Tuesday night and the place was jumping. I was seated right away in the main dining room after watching a parade of Chinese go up the stairs the the Banquet rooms I was so used to frequenting.Talk about fast service, it was a busy night and the wait staff was just as efficient as Jimmy Johnson's pit NASCAR crew. My tea or water was never below two thirds. I ordered a single steamed Pork Bun which was just OK. Did not hold a candle to Yank Sing's BBQ Pork bun.I ordered the Szechuan lamb dish after reading all the reviews on line, and other than some minor pieces of cartilage and sinew the prep staff missed the meal was spot on. The hot spices and green onions cleared out my sinuses after getting the swine flu this past holiday season.Great food, excellent service, and I can't wait to go back again!
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,5/6/2014,474,505,5,11,6>Found this hidden little gem between Cream and T Pumps. I'm not a huge sweets or dessert person, so when my brother took me here the first time, I didn't order anything until I tried the mango and coconut milk drink. The drink is made out of fresh fruit. I could tell there was no powder used, only fresh fruit. So far, I've only tried the drinks and ordering everything in their top 10 list.. Also order their fried chicken wings if you're hungry! I'll be moving on to desserts and crepes soon!
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2014,5/5/2014,216,293,5,10,5>This is one of my favorite place to run and bike on the Peninsula. The trail between Millbrae and San Mateo is around 6-1/2 miles each way, meaning you can run a 1/2 marathon on a beautiful paved and safe trail. The trail consists of one fairly steep hill on the Millbrae side and gently rolling hills the rest of the way. There are four restrooms along the trail, but water fountains only at each end.The trail can get crowded on weekends , but there is always room to pass. There are plenty of benches to rest and there are actually some BBQ grills in some of the rest areas. The views along the trail are terrific, but you cannot deviate from the trail itself (it is fenced off).
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,5/4/2014,905,867,9,28,16>Finally, a top-notch ramen establishment to match with the high quality offerings further South primarily represented by Orenchi Ramen.  While many will point to the Santa Ramen empire (Santa Ramen, Ramen Dojo, Ramen Parlor), traditionalists tend to agree that Santa Ramen's best offerings were at it's old location and that it's gone downhill with the expansion to the current location.  As for Ramen Dojo and Ramen Parlor, each has their own fans but I was lukewarm on my visits and thought they were good, but no match for Orenchi.  Ramen Izakaya Kagura serves the popular Tonkotsu (pork bone) broth, but specializes in the Hakata-style or thin noodle ramen version.  I've had Hakata-style ramen only a few times before but am familiar with it, having had it at South Bay's Ramen Taka and at visiting vendor (king of ramen from Japan 2008-2010) Tanaka Shoten at a Mitsuwa festival.The main attribute of Hakata style ramen is the thin, firm noodles.  As a personal fan of thicker and wide noodles (ie: in pho or Taiwanese beef noodle soup), I still can appreciate how well the rendition here is done here with a noticeably alkaline touch.  Broth is slightly oily but very rich and with a savory pork flavor that tonkotsu fans appreciate.  I'd say it's significantly less salty and fatty than the visiting vendor to Mitsuwa and friends that live in Japan and eat a lot of ramen there say that's typically the case for ramen in the United States.  The soft boiled egg is cooked perfectly runny here and has a slight marinade on the outside.  The single pork slice is good, but the broth and egg are the stars here.  As I don't get to San Mateo often, I also ordered the tsukemen or dipping noodles that numerous people love here.  Great tsukemen is very hard to find in the Bay Area and I've been disappointed in versions at Dohatsuten, Shalala, and more.  A very generous portion of noodles is served here and is plated alongside a boiling bowl of wonderful tonkotsu broth, bean sprouts, seaweed, scallions, a soft boiled egg, and several pieces of cut pork belly.  The pork is actually a touch smokey and reminiscent of the pork pieces I had when I ordered the porchata from the Roli Roti truck.  All of it is served a bit cold, but one dip in the broth and it's perfect.  This is easily the best tsukemen that I've had.  Two orders of ramen is a lot for anyone but as Kim N. shared, the ramen bowls here aren't large and I definitely was able to finish both.  I'd guess most order a ramen bowl and one of the side items (chicken karaage, gyoza).  As a funny side note, my two orders of ramen must have thrown off the server and kitchen as my two orders came out perfectly sequenced but everyone else's at the counter, including several people who had been waiting much longer, hadn't even come.  My apologies fellow diners....I don't always eat two ramen orders!Overall, I had a great ramen meal here and particularly enjoyed the tsukemen noodles.  As a fan of thick noodles, I'd probably order the standard thick tonkotsu noodles they also serve here but the Hakata style is very good too.  Dinner supposedly has a more extensive izakaya style menu to compliment the ramen, but the ramen here is fantastic.  Ramen Izakaya Kagura accepts credit cards, but not American Express.My Ramen Rankings:1) Orenchi - Tonkotsu Ramen with soft boiled egg2) Ramen Izakaya Kagura - Special Tonkotsu Dipping Noodles or Hakata style Tonkotsu Ramen3) Santouka - Shio/Miso Ramen with toriniku pork 4) Ramen Seas - Asari Ramen5) Kotetsu Ramen - Kotetsu Ramen 6) Shalala - Shio Ramen7) Misoya - Kome-miso Ramen with Cha-su8) Ramen Taka - Chashu Hakata Ramen9) Dohatsuten - Shio Ramen (mild and less salty)10) Ramen Dojo - Spicy Pork Ramen12) Ramen Tenma - Okinawan Soba13) Santa - Tonkotsu Ramen with stewed pork (decadent pork)14) Ramen Halu - Halu Ramen15) Kahoo - Kotteri Ramen (spicy)16) Shin Shin Men Men - Tonkotsu Ramen17) Ryowa - Butter Corn Ramen18) Katana Ya - Butter Corn Ramen19) Maru Ichi - Kuro Ramen20) Kansui Ramen - Spicy Miso Ramen with Mandu21) Nijiya - Chashu Ramen
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,5/3/2014,215,43,2,8,7>One of the best nail spas I've been to (between living in the Bay, Orange County, LA and Vegas). Disclaimer: MAKE AN APPOINTMENT! Because they are good, they are busy!La Jolie has a beautiful facility with fantastic chairs and equipment (love the leg massage component of the chair). Their technicians are friendly and top notch. Also, if you are having a manicure/pedicure, they'll have two technicians work on you so it's rare you are there for more than an hour. They offer you tea, soda, etc. and a warm heated pillow around your neck. So relaxing! They also have a great selection of top polishes (OPI) and gels, and multiple menu items for treatments.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2014,11/30/2014,3,23,,13,3>If you are looking for a quiet, casual place to eat in downtown San Mateo, and are open to explore, this is your restaurant. Just opened a few weeks ago, Baltica combines the two very distinct heritages: Easter European, mostly Russian - brought by the owners of the place, and Filipino - inherited from the old Filipino restaurant that used to be in the same place. The menu is skillfully designed to give proper attention to both cuisines. We have been there twice so far, and will definitely be back. So far we have tried "the both sides" of the menu :-)High points: Soups - hot and cold, very delicious. Pirozhki - many kinds, meat and vegetarian, fried and baked. Beef skewers are amazing. They make their own cake - a must have! Trilingual staff. Excellent service all around.Still needs work: remember, the place is new, and they are working on it - ambiance (moving in the right direction, though), and lighting. P.S. Wine and beer license is in process. Until then - drink kvas (Russian root beer, they actually make it in house from scratch).
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2014,11/29/2014,175,269,2,5,3>Nicely located cafe across the movie theater in Redwood City.For those daters.... great place to go before or after catching a movie to spend more your time together.  They have pastries, coffee, teas and wine.  I've been here for different things and it's always been good.  I've had breakfast too and although sometimes the service is hit or miss, the food has been good.Much better than than the chain like bakery down the street.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2014,11/28/2014,2,14,4,12,5>My wife and I recently took a trip to Italy, and like many tourists, we had gelato every day during our trip (if not multiple times per day).  We've been missing our amazing gelato since returning to California - that is, until we tried Gelataio this evening.The gelato at Gelataio brings back fantastic memories of our favorite places in Italy - perfect texture (velvety, not icy at all) and fresh, homemade flavors.  We were also huge fans of the chocolate fountains for filling the bottom of cones with chocolate-y deliciousness.  One of our favorite places in Rome (Gelateria La Romana) has similar chocolate fountains, and Gelataio repliicates this experience exactly!  To top it off, the service was friendly and the atmosphere inviting.I had an amazing regular cone of pistaccio and hazelnut gelato, with dark chocolate filled in the bottom of the cone.  I highly recommend Gelataio for a great gelato experience in Palo Alto, and I can't wait to go back!
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2014,11/27/2014,39,188,1,4,4>My family and I have been eating at Frankie Johhnie's for YEARS! We always bring the food togo, and it tends to be a perfect Friday dinner. We usually get sautéed mushrooms and a vegetarian fantasy pizza. The pizza crust is what makes it different from other pizzas- it's thick, chewy, and sourdough. I also like the giant fresh tomato slices they put after the pizza is done cooking. The sauce of the sautéed mushrooms is delicious, especially when paired with the thick pizza crust.Occasionally, we'll get a pasta dish on the side, such as the vegetarian gnocchi verde, but I feel like their gnocchi tastes like the frozen Trader Joes gnocchi- not a huge fan.  One of the weird things about FJL is that they're pretty annoying with substitutions- for example, most of their good pasta dishes have chicken. And when I ask to substitute chicken with broccoli, they charge for it! Which is ridiculous because chicken is definitely more expensive than broccoli, AND I'm not asking for broccoli AND chicken. Oh well...Would I come back? Yes- the food is on the expensive side, but it's taste and quality make up for that.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,11/26/2014,140,89,4,7,8>I've definitely found my new go to spot for Korean food.  This restaurant has a nice ambiance and great service. I came in around 5pm on a Friday night and I was seated right away. The area is very open and spacious despite the restaurant being small. Pros:- Side dishes: Huge portions of side dishes! There are about 9 and they all come in pretty large plates. They also provide you with free refills when you ask, and they all tasted delicious. Loved the glass noodles and kimchi most of all.- Kimchi Tofu Stew: Got it spicy, and it was packed with flavor. Nice balance of tofu and kimchi, just wish there was a bit more cabbage, but it was very filling and tasty overall. *Side note: They'll also provide you with multigrain rice, but if you're more traditional like me, you can just tell them to replace it with white rice. -Grilled pork: Yummy, cooked perfectly and it had the right amount of sweetness. The cuts were pretty lean but they were still very flavorful.Price: Standard for your typical korean restaurant. Stone pots and stews are around $11, which is not bad at all.Service: The waitresses were very accommodating and honored our requests right away. I am definitely coming back!All in all, Myung Dong is easily the best Korean restaurant in San Mateo!! A very cute, clean, and authentic little "hole in the wall".
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,11/25/2014,171,226,3,9,6>YUM! I was really impressed with the food here. Sunny Bowl specializes in bimbimbap so you will not find an extensive menu here; however, you cannot beat the prices!    I definitely recommend the galbi in the hot stone pot.  If you want your egg raw, ask for it.  Otherwise, it will come pre-fried.  Each bimbimbap comes with a small serving of kimchee.  The waitress gave us complimentary miso soup though the menu does list a price for it. Sriracha lovers -- they do have sriracha sauce but I prefer the house gochujang paste.  We also tried the kimchee pancake was not amazing, but it was a great deal for a little over $2. There is ample seating and the atmosphere is very casual.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2014,11/24/2014,153,555,5,9,7>PMT in PA! Finally!! :PA friend posted a pic from T4 on FB and I had to check it out since I live near downtown.I had a standard PMT last night, just to see how they stack up against others in the area. It was very good, with chewy pearls that were the right texture (not too soft or firm). A bit on the sweet side, but this can be adjusted (I got all default settings), and Taiwanese style tends to be a little sweeter anyways.They have a modern and clean interior, although seating appeared to be a little sparse. Prices are probably higher than what you're used to, but everything in PA costs more, so you shouldn't be that surprised.The menu is quite extensive, with teas, smoothies, and other Taiwanese style drinks. I'll definitely have to come back soon to try other items.Read some of the stuff printed on the walls. Boba R&D :)
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,11/23/2014,49,58,5,10,6>This is a NEAR-PERFECT place not just for hiking, but for TRAIL RUNNING, which is what I will focus on in this review.Most of the regional parks I've visited were never quite the ideal for what I was looking for to do 5-10 mile runs. Here are some of my biased/personal reasons:1. Most single trails just aren't that long2. Shorter trails don't connect together nicely to form a good, easy to follow route. And most of the ones that do form a loop are still less than 5 miles.3. Longer trails tend to be paved, which makes it hard on the feet. And in my mind do not classify as "trail runs."Windy Hill doesn't have any of the above issues. I looked at the map, and very quickly planned a rough route that also formed a loop, which is a win because I get to see more nature and don't have to backtrack!I ended up starting at the parking lot near Alpine and Portola roads. I came late morning on a Sunday but there was still several spots available, which was great. That tells me it's not that popular/mainstream/accessible to families with little kids. This is in contrast to Rancho near Cupertino, which has way more parking and attracts way more people.My planned route was to run along the Spring Ridge trail, which cuts across the open space preserve, and connects with the Anniversary Trail at the other side of the preserve, where there is a smaller parking area. That's about 3-3.5 miles. Then I would continue south along the Lost Trail, and Razorback Ridge Trail, and loop back up on the Eagle Trail, back to the main parking lot. In total it's about 9 miles. A perfect distance and loop for a half marathoner in training.It. was. brutal. This is why I call it a NEAR perfect place. Spring Ridge Trail is basically continuous incline after incline. I would go up one just to see another waiting. It doesn't zigzag much either so it feels a lot steeper than it looks. Add that to the fact that there's very minimal shade. Also add the fact that I was not carrying water on me, and I was running on an empty stomach. I had done several 5-8 mile runs on flatter terrain, but apparently 1.5 miles of steady incline and bright shining sun was enough to fatigue me and walk. Like I said. Brutal. BUT, on the positive side, a great workout :PThe good news is once I finally reached the other side of the preserve, at the other parking area, I met a guy coming out of his car and asked if he had extra water. He was holding a water bottle and said, "Yeah! Actually, I have some more in my car." He brought out a gallon and gave it to me to drink from.I'm very positive that this man saved my life and enabled me to continue the rest of the run. Thank God for friendly strangers!More good news. After taking some gulps of the most delicious and refreshing lukewarm water, I started jogging along the Lost Trail. The Lost Trail is awesome, and is where you REALLY feel like you're trail running. Think narrow dirt paths that carve around hills and take you through the forest. Perfect. And mostly a general decline (with some spots that go up a bit), through a quiet, shaded forest, to my body's relief. If you do come later in the day when the sun is out, it's probably best to start here (along Skyline Blvd) rather than the Portola road entrance.The Lost Trail connects directly to the Razorback Ridge Trail, which is likewise through the forest and general decline. This trail was particularly fun to run because true to its name, the narrow dirt path zigzagged back and forth. This trail takes you all the way back down the ridge, where the Eagle Trail starts. I kept thinking that running UP the Razorback Ridge trail would be pretty painful and not as fun...and I was glad I was going down haha.The Eagle Trail in comparison to the Lost and Razorback was more plain. Still through forest which is great for the shade, but relatively flat with micro ups and downs. Still more fun than a straight flat paved path though. I ended up completing the Eagle Trail and ending my run there because I was pretty exhausted. It was the most grueling 8 mile run I've ever done because of the inclines that I frontloaded. But boy was it gratifying, thanks to the more exhilarating yet soothing runs that the Lost and Razorback trails provided.To my dismay, I was still 1.5 miles away from my car. I thought about running. Then I walked. The perfect cooldown.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2014,11/22/2014,275,494,6,6,7>I decided to stop by for a picnic dinner with the pup I'm petsitting tonight.  I've passed this little park a lot of times, but I had no reason to stop by until today. It's pretty clean and seemed well maintained,  the best part is that it wasn't too crowded like the larger rengstorff park a few blocks down so it felt more private.  There is enough grassy area to run around and play amateur soccer with your little kids or just to have the little pup run around the greens. There are benches and picnic tables so you can easily read, eat while watching your children to play. There play area is sanded so kids wouldnt get hurt if they fall and there is a basketball hoop area too. There is no restroom but there is water fountain. Parking is along Ortega and California st or if you're lucky (like me), i found a spot inside the townhouse complex adjoining to this little park.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2014,11/21/2014,220,362,5,9,9>I'm glad that the reviews have come around on this place - I visited a couple weeks after their opening and a lot of the complaints I read from the first few reviews didn't seem to apply anymore.  So kudos to an establishment that takes customer feedback seriously and quickly applies the learnings to their offering.  We had the pulled pork, brisket, and fried chicken....while yes, the pricing is a tad high, it's in line with what other (the few that we have) peninsula BBQ joints charge.  And I felt the portion sizes and quality was just right.  I liked the variety of sauces they offered - if I recall, Mack's only had their one sauce, which was a good one, but sometimes you want some change in each bite.  And the fried chicken - AMAZING.  It's one of the better fried chickens I've had in a long, long time...perfectly seasoned with great crunch, and juicy on the inside.The customer service here is great - we were checked on a couple times during our visit, and the owner brought out some watermelon slices for our toddler when he started to get fussy - cheered him right up!  These guys own The Office nearby, and judging by how crowded that place still gets, I am sure they will continue to get some community support at this new venture.  I was a bit worried seeing Mack's go since there aren't many BBQ places around, but I think 3 Pigs is a worthy substitute.  Oink oink!
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2010,3/26/2010,493,463,10,13,11>Okay I just realized that I have not yet reviewed one of my favorite little boutiques, Tulip!?  What?  How in the ... I'm annoyed at myself and I apologize to you, Tulip, and you, Susan!Tulip is nestled down a side street in Burlingame off the Ave - along side Gap and Pottery Barn.  Little known secret, parking directly outside of Tulip is 2 hours for $.25 ... That's a steal! Anyhoo ...I can rarely walk in to Tulip and out without buying something.  The styles are soo adorable, very wearable - perfect for work, grabbing drinks with the girls or hitting the town.  Nothing too glitzy or in your face, just stylish and fun.Let's see, what have I added to my closet from Tulip ... Hmmm ... + A stellar long blue sun dress -- to die for+ The cutest large hoop peace gold earrings - super light and uber stylish+ My FAVORITE of all time scarves - hand knit by Eddie who also works here, has to be one of my best purchases!  Cream, large knit - let's just say I've sent 3+ friends there for the exact scarf ... And I've purchased it for friends as gifts ...+ Some adorable ruffled TsThe list goes on ...  Bottomline:  don't wait, stop in.  Say Hi to the ladies for me.  And shop. Shop. Shop.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2010,3/25/2010,293,735,7,7,12>I got a flat, and was changing my tire in the Hillsdale Shopping Center parking lot, when a tow truck pulled up behind me. I didn't call a tow truck and was surprised that the driver asked if I needed any help. When the driver came out of the truck, I told him I was having problems getting the nuts off, so he kicked them and taught me what to do. He wouldn't accept a handshake, but instead exchanged high fives with me. I thanked him for teaching me something new (loosening tight nuts) and he said he learned something new, too-- how rewarding it is to stop and ask someone if they need help! :)
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2010,3/24/2010,210,226,4,13,10>It's a bit pricy but I feel that you get your money's worth. The service is friendly, prompt and the food comes out very fast. Presentation is beautifulEverything tried was very flavorful and tasty.  Duck gumbo soup (soup of the day) - smokey tender duck, great flavor, heartyCrawfish hush puppies - not oily, great sauce, no fishy smell overall great taste Sunday Chicken - super tender chicken, awesome cornbread stuffing, tasty not overly salty sauceJambalaya - very very deliciousBread pudding - not too heavy or sweet (which I like)Beignet - yummy They apparently have a 5 course meal special Sunday through Thursday. I may have to try instead of doing the regular meal on the weekend.  Everything was really, REALLY good but I paid a bit out of pocket for it.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2009,3/23/2010,634,310,12,12,17>Organic Chicken at it's finest!Before heading out to a Halloween party Saturday evening, we wanted to fill our appetites with something tasty and fulfilling before our drunkfest.  The wife suggested we eat somewhere locally and chose Sumika since the other two never tried their food.  We made reservations for 8pm, party of four, and showed up Asian time at 8:15pm.  Upon waiting for the staff to seat us, the restaurant wasn't too full granted it was late and Halloween day.  The waitresses were costumed and it made the festivities start off on the right foot.  None of us were picky eaters but starving for some food.  We all looked at the menu and went with everything my wife ordered.This is what we ordered to start:2 Asahi Super Dry 750ml beer (4 chilled beer mugs) $6.50 ea1 Oyako-don (Chicken chunks and egg in a soup over rice) $12 1 Sumika-don (Grilled thinly sliced pieces of organic chicken over rice) $121 Tsukune-don (Ground chicken and egg in a soup over rice) $12 1 Karaage (Nicely fried and tender organic chicken with a garnish of lemon and chili) $71 Spicy Chicken (BBQed, Spicy mouth watering chicken, but too salty) $74 Kawa/Chicken Skin (BBQed skin, 5 pieces per stick, very tasty and crunchy) $3.80 ea1 Rice (Bowl of plain Japanese white rice) $3We consumed everything fast and not much talking was involved except for small sounds of delight and deliciousness.  With 3 growing men and 1 hungry wife, we ordered more food.This is what we ordered for our second round:1 Tsukune-don (Ground chicken and egg in a soup over rice) $121 Ungai (Unagi & Shitake Bacon Wrap looked like a presentation of Spam, very tasty) $101 Spicy Chicken (We should've got the Karaage instead) $72 Rice (Bowl of plain Japanese white rice) $3Every Rice Dish was consumed and we were scraping the bowls for more. Our guests particularly liked the soupy egg organic chicken mixture.  Even one of the guys never eats eggs, but he made an exception since it was too good to pass up.  The other guy was a garbage disposal and ate everything in sight not gasping for air while refilling his beer mug.  We didn't get any dessert because everyone was darn full!Overall, the food was excellent as it always is.  The total bill before tip came to $126.95 and it was well worth it.  All our orders came out quickly except for the Spicy Chicken but that was a small price to pay for excellent service and fast hot food.  Even when we went to our Halloween party, our guests were raving and ranting about the food they ate for dinner and told everyone to go try it one day.  We'll be back very soon.  5 stars all across the board!
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/14/2009,3/22/2010,77,145,8,12,7>I visited La Costanera again this past weekend. I so glad a restaurant is finally open again in this great building, right on the beach, plenty of parking, and Montara really needs a great place for dinner or drinks. I'm a huge fan of supporting the local community - and have given this restaurant a few tries. The food is very creative, fresh and overall delicious. I love Peruvian food and the presentation is always lovely. The staff and overall service has really improved from the initial opening, and is now quite pleasant. The noise level - well that still needs to be addressed. Each time I have been here the noise is a serious issue if you have any desire for communicating with those you are having dinner or drinks with. This night was especially slow, so the noise level was acceptable. For the second time I sat downstairs at the bar and frooze because the doors to the outside patio which now have great gas fire pits stay open each time someone walks outside. When I asked the waitress why they don't have automatic closers - she said the owners don't want to spend the money -? Well - that was not the answer I was hoping for.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2009,3/21/2010,375,796,3,6,4>Wow. This place put the burrito I had on the same weekend a few weekends ago to shame! Seriously, I was a minority there not being a Spanish speaker. But that's not the point--very much less of a gringo manner of food, and much more toward an authentic Mexican menu. I think you could even get such specialty burritos as cabeza and lengua, perhaps some nopales. I had the vegetarian burrito, spicy. Whatever seasoning they used it was a bit on the sour side, but yes, a bit spicy (although I could have used more heat.) What I did really appreciate was the freshness and pretty decent size of the burrito. I think I'm going to have to make another visit for a most excellent burrito.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2010,3/20/2010,65,209,5,6,5>I honestly don't know why this place has so many bad reviews.  I've been here twice (once with my girlfriend, and once with a group of 9) and both times it's been great!First lets talk about the food, the dishes range from average to awesome, I'll list my 5 favorites below:Patatas Bravas - Seasoned crispy potatoes with a garlic aioli and my baseline for a good tapas place.  Joya's version was very flavorful, I wish they were a bit spicier but they're still great.  $4 for a decent size portion.Short Rib Tacos - Excellent dish, and my favorite on their menu.  I love short ribs, and these have been consistently good.  Melt in your mouth meat, a great sauce, with some nice thick tortillas (possibly homemade?).Calamari - Above average in taste and my recommendation if you're hungry, it seems to be their largest tapas.  Not too oily / greasy like calamari can tend to be.Cheese Plate - Normally I save my cheese plates for wine bars when I feel like looking all hoity toity.  But this is a good one, $12 gets you lots of cheese and some sweet accompaniments like a truffle honey sauce which is amazing.Ceviche - Surprisingly big portion, but then again for $21 for a sampling of 3 it ought to be.  This comes with generous servings of snapper, calamari, and rock shrimp.To drink, you must get a pitcher of the delicious white peach sangria.  Have them throw in a few shots of Rum for a non girly version. :)  I like the taste the rum adds and it's too weak with just the wine IMO.Being downtown Palo Alto, you'd expect the service to be somewhere between apathetic and incompetent.  But that wasn't the case, both waiters we've had have been excellent.  In particular, the server we had for the party of 9 was very professional, made great recommendations, and was good at checking up on us to see if we needed anything.  This was despite the fact that the restaurant was fairly busy.As a bonus on our second visit, there was some live flamenco that was decent and not too loud.  A nice addition to the already stylish and relaxed atmosphere.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2010,3/19/2010,198,547,5,6,5>Very accessible right up the hill and next to a gorgeous open space preserve! I went for the $12 tasting for 5 reds. I tasted 6 but don't tell anyone ok?  ;)Out of all the wines I would say their  best to worst is Cabs then Pinots then Syrah with the last place being Grenache.They had a cute fluffy cat roaming around attacking the guests and they handed out complimentary heart shaped chocolates - I went on Valentines weekend :)
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2009,3/18/2010,217,249,7,9,7>Pudley's, I love you! I love cheesy bars with big beers and greasy food. If you do too, this is the place for you!They have a bunch of beers on tap that you can get in a pint size or a 23 oz glass (for $11!). +1 starThey have rude signs warning you of several mean neighbors in no uncertain terms. +1 starThey have corny bar games and sometimes Wii that you can play! +1 starThey have greasy food on demand that's actually pretty freakin good! +1 star
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2009,3/17/2010,51,286,6,11,5>A week back, I realized that I was about to head back to Massachusetts and see family and friends I hadn't seen in months, and that I looked rather frumpy.  My eyebrows were slightly out of control and my fingernails were in desperate need of some shaping (to counteract the nail biting) and my toenails needed a coat or two of nail polish.  I called Starlight Beauty & Nail around 6:15pm and asked when they were open until.  I was told 7:00pm.  I said, "Does that mean I am too late for a manicure and pedicure?"  I was told that if I was there in 5 minutes, I was in luck.  I made it with a minute to spare.From the moment I walked in, I felt comfortable and relaxed.  The nail salon is clean, the women working here are friendly, and the selection of nail polish colors is great.  It was clear from the start that hygiene was important to the salon workers.  All the supplies were new or sterilized and my technician wore rubber gloves.  She gave the most amazing leg and hand massages.  I think I dozed off a few times because I was so comfortable.  I knew the salon was about to close, so I didn't bother to ask to get my brows done too.  However, the woman doing my pedicure must have noticed my near uni brow and offered to do my brows right then.  They came out better than they ever have before.  The shape is perfect.  I left Starlight Beauty and Nails feeling quite pretty, polished, and put together.  And then I proceeded to trip on my way across the street, scrapping my knees and palms.  At least I looked cute doing so :)  And though I am sure no one in my family noticed the extra bit of effort I put in to looking presentable, it was still worth it to look down at my flip-flop clad feet and not want to cringe.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,6/12/2014,190,256,7,13,3>The menu is generally solid but two things are amazing here:1.  Buffalo wings...who would have thought id be addicted to vegan ranch?2.  All hail kale salad -  it's that good.Glad this one is open in mountain view so I can avoid going to Santana row now :)
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,6/11/2014,100,285,61,71,63>Before it moved from Palo Alto to Redwood City at the beginning of 2013, I used to say that the Dragon Theatre was one of the unintentionally best-kept secrets in the Bay Area.  Hopefully now that they've been in their new digs for a year, the secret is getting out!I've been a theatre aficionado since before I moved here from La Jolla many moons ago, but I had no clue this superb theatre company existed until two years back, when I stumbled across a listing for their production of "Burn This" by Lanford Wilson.  Since then, I've attended a Baker's half-dozen of wonderfully mounted, excellently acted productions at the Dragon, and have come to think of it as one of my favorite theatres on the Peninsula.  "Burn This" is a riveting, intense, sensual drama for three actors that was first shown at the Steppenwolf Theatre in Chicago, with John Malkovitch playing the lead role; it's typical of the type of play you'll see produced at the Dragon.  The Redwood City venue is intimate (only 70 seats total), so it's best suited for non-musical productions with smaller casts.  Parking is readily available in the immediate area of the theatre, and there are numerous restaurants within walking distance.  Since my first visit to the Dragon, the productions I've seen there have been a great cross section of dramas, comedies, and hybrids, like the first play I saw in their Redwood City venue - "November".  In this dark and sometimes hysterically funny political satire by Pulitzer prize winning playwright David Mamet, an incumbent American President's approval ratings are in the cellar because according to his adviser: "you've fucked up everything you've touched."  With a campaign that's bankrupt the week before the election, the President is reduced to selling pardons to criminals in order to raise campaign funds, and hiking from $50,000 to $200 million his fee from a national turkey association for pardoning a Thanksgiving turkey on national TV.  Mamet's dialogue sparkles with P.C.-savaging wit -- undone by absurdity that shatters plausibility: Turkeys explode in the anteroom, and a livid, homicidally violent Native American Chief bursts in while the Secret Service is on a coffee break...The Dragon has quite a number of intriguing-looking plays on their calendar for 2014.  Try one, and you too will probably be hooked on this amazing gem of a theatre company.  To make the theatre even more accessible, for 2014 they've simplified the ticket prices so that seats for all Main Stage Season plays cost a flat rate of $30 each.  They've also introduced a new series called 2nd Stages, with tickets priced at $15 each.Tip: For a luxurious, semi-private theatre experience, The Dragon offers a VIP box. yelp.com/biz_photos/the- The VIP balcony box is furnished with a large, comfy couch and a rocking chair, accommodating parties of 2-4 patrons. The VIP experience includes a bottle of champagne and a box of chocolates!
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,6/10/2014,451,100,7,12,9>So happy I discovered this place!! Bf took me here today and I tried paddle boarding for the first time. A GREAT way to spend a lazy weekend day :) the lake is not huge, but you will def get tired if you are paddling the whole time (a lot more tiring than it looked). The view is gorgeous and you'll see a lot of families/couples here. You can also go kayaking, sailing, etc. Rental was $22 for an hour I think. Cheap and fun date!!
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,6/9/2014,127,1093,4,9,4>I drove by a few weeks ago on a warm Friday afternoon when they had just opened, and the place was packed. The hotel itself is very modern with a lot of cool amenities and convenient details, and they're happy to give you a tour if you ask for one while you're there. First off, I love house sparkling water, and they were constantly refilling it for us (not just a bottle left on the table for us to fill ourselves, and my glass never got empty).  The wine list is limited but had some good pinots, and the bottles weren't too overpriced.  We ended up with a bottle of Willamet Valley Pinot.  By the glass, they also had a good Hermitage syrah, which I really liked.  As for cocktails, they say the mixologist doesn't do a lot of syrups and sweet things (yay!).  I went with the Porch Swing (whiskey, strawberry pepper shrub, lemon), which was still a little sweeter than I like, but it was done well.Starters:- Flatbread with 3 spreads: fried flat bread (reminded me of Chinese fried dough) cut into strips with fennel + dill spread, an eggplant spread, and a romesco sauce. I wish there had been more of the spreads because we had a lot of flatbread left over.  The spreads were in 3 beautiful colors, but none of them were stand outs in the way of flavorPastas:- Squid ink campanelle with lobster: my favorite pasta of the night. The roasted cherry tomatoes were sweet, bottarga added good depth of flavor, and the campanelle was black but not too fishy.  The lobster actually permeated the dish and gave everything a great sweet flavor- Tagliarini with hen jus, slow cooked egg, turnip: creamy, rich with egg yolk, with a crunchy topping to add texture. It's good to share but may be a bit too heavy for one person- Malfade with pancetta bolognese and parmigiano reggiano: pancetta bolognese was surprisingly light.  Parmigiano reggiano was awesome.  It was an interesting version of a bolognese, and the malfade was cooked just rightEntrees:- Fire roasted farro, kohlrabi, crispy kale, egg yolk: faro had a good bite, and the egg yolk made it a more substantial vegetarian dish. Fresh spring peas were nice, and I loved the crispy kale- Roasted duck breast: with roasted artichokes and potatoes.  There was a fried savory french toast cube, which was probably my favorite part of the dish.  The charred baby leeks also added nice flavor Sides: - Beets: with toasted quinoa, pretty standard- Sauteed kale: not too greasy, good flavor, nice for sharingOur server totally took care of us, and it's rare to find such an attentive staff in Palo Alto.  The open patio is awesome on a warm day, and I'm in love with the setting.  Everything about Lure  + Till feels more SF than Palo Alto to me: mixology, house sparkling water, farm egg with a runny yolk on everything, etc.  However, prices are better than in SF.  It's nice to have an option like this closer to home!
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,6/8/2014,324,365,6,7,5>This place is huge and very well organized.  Was looking for a bunch of 2" potted succulents for my wedding and drove around Half Moon Bay after recs from friends.  First stop by 92 Hwy Succulents and although they had some beautiful succulents they were expensive and selection was small.  Stopped at a few more spots and was about to be discouraged when the fiance suddenly pulled into the parking lot.  I am so happy we made this last stop!  Tons and tons of succulents and hundreds of pots of 2" ones to choose from.  They are $2 each and you can't get a price break unless you buy more than 350...haha we thought our 100 order was big but guess not.  Great service and taught us how to keep them alive.  Can't believe we are getting married in 2 months.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,6/7/2014,39,188,4,6,3>I LOVE ICE CREAM! Smitten takes it up a notch with its freshness, creaminess, and unique flavors. I've tried the classic vanilla, brown sugar with cinnamon shortbread, fresh mint chip, salted caramel, and the earl grey tea, which was a seasonal flavor. I really loved the brown sugar/cinnamon shortbread and the fresh mint chip! The ice creams are just so fresh and creamy, I love it.Would I come back? Yes! Can't wait to try their next seasonal flavor.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,6/6/2014,398,303,3,6,2>The beer choices are amazing here, the burgers are amazing and the outdoor seating is awesome. Thats the perfect triangle for an great beer house! Couldn't ask for anymore!
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,6/5/2014,171,226,3,14,3>WOW - really shocked by the portion sizes here, but in a good way!  This is my new sushi spot because the sushi and sashimi here are such a great deal given the quantity. The sashimi is not the absolute best quality but the cuts are very generous.  This is a great place if you're looking for a sushi deal! My boyfriend and I shared the DELUXE SASHSMI ($30) for 2 people.  This was a heaping platter of fish which also came with 2 salads, miso soups, and bowls of rice.  The portion was truly generous and we couldn't finish the platter.  After eating, the BF remarked that he had never felt so full from sashimi before!  The first time I ate here, I had some diner envy and kept eyeing rolls at the other tables.  The specialty rolls are definitely the highlight of sushi plus (I'd recommend skipping the sashimi and going straight for these)! I've tried the CRAZY ROLL ($11) which consisted of Tuna + Salmon + Yellowtail Covered With Avocado + Tobiko.  The cuts of fish in this roll were GINORMOUS--we felt like we were basically eating huge slices of sashimi adorned with some extra rice and avocado. YUM! If you like soft shell crab the GIANT ROLL was to die for.  The HAPPY HOLIDAY ROLL with spicy tuna and salmon was good too, but the fried softshell crab definitely stole the show.  The MONKEY BRAIN appetizer is a tasty way to start your meal-- spicy tuna and fried mushroom are a surprisingly good combo. Chicken Karaage is not legit-- more like fried chicken tenders? Kids would probably enjoy this.  The atmosphere is cute and casual and there is easy parking in the big lot outside. Expect long waits on weekends during peak hours. Servers were attentive and brought out our food quickly.-------------------------------------------I'm on a mission to sample all the rolls here and will keep updating this section with letter ratings. A+: GIANT (softshell crab is delicious here) A-: CRAZY (serious cuts of fish)B:  BLACK TIGER, HAPPY HOLIDAY (the spicy tuna here isn't doing it for me. not as good as some of the other places I've been to)C: STANFORD (warning, this mango is SWEET.. really overwhelms the entire roll. couldn't taste anything else)
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,6/4/2014,146,135,3,7,3>This place is ridiculously clean.  My chair was literally slipping from the cleanliness of the floor.  The bathroom is immaculate and I can appreciate that!  They also gave a free Thai tea for lunch, I couldn't tell you if that is good but I bet it is.  The food was also delicious.  The Drunken Noodle was on point, the curry pumpkin, sans the meat was also YUMMYYYY!! And the basil eggplant was to die for and probably my favorite out of everything we ordered.  I will definitely come back to this place to try the other things the menu has to offer.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2014,6/3/2014,94,600,6,10,8>As a Japanese, usually I don't have a high expectation when I go to Japanese restaurant in the U.S. Today was not an exception....but, I found out that Katsu Curry here is delicious and authentic!!!!! I really enojoyed it! I like Japanese curry specific flavor here. It's not just spicy, but there is sweetness in the curry sauce. Katsu was perfectly crispy too! I found this place on Yelp. The new opened place section. I got interested in and my friend was also craving for curry, so we decided to try this place out. First, the location is a little hard to find. This place is not actually on Castro, a little in the back. There is only a kitchen there, and a few tables are on actually Castro.  So the server has to go back and forth. It's kind of strange and inefficient, but probably because of finantial issue. Because of this system, or preparing Katsu freshly, the waiting time was a little long. When we were about to start complaining, the curry came and the waiting time made the curry more tasty. In witer, only take out might work because it was cold to eat outside without heater even in May. I hope someday they can make it to an actual restaurants (a lot of seats inside), but I don't hope they would increase the good reasonable price when it happens. I will definitely come back here and next I might try chicken Katsu curry.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2009,6/26/2009,292,227,5,6,6>Deliciousness!  I'll be coming back to try the other things on the menu.  I ordered the curried goat, and I loved the flavors - truly a party in my mouth!  Everything on my plate was cooked well, from the goat to the veggies to the delicious plantains.  (Ahh, I never could resist fried plantains!)  The table next to us had some yummy looking mixed drinks that I want to try next time; might be a good place for a happy hour, actually.  I'll have to keep that in mind.  Prices weren't too bad, ranging from 11-17 bucks each for the entrees.  The only thing I have to complain about is the noise level.  It's really hard to have a conversation; the din of other conversation is just so loud!  I don't know if it's because the tables are set too close together or if perhaps the walls are echo-conducive, but I had a hard time hearing my friend's words even though he was sitting right next to me.Oh well, good food that's worth coming back for!  :)
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2009,6/25/2009,131,459,8,9,8>Recently I gave myself the shock of my life by waking up super early for work: Early enough to pick up a dozen donuts before heading into the office.The donuts were a huge hit: My co-workers are used to Safeway's sad old donuts and they all commented on the freshness and awesomeness of Donut House's fare.  Anyhoo, I did a sampling of various types and here is a run-down:1. Plain cake donut: Absolutely perfect.2. Glazed cake donuts: Too sweet/greasy for me, but they were a hit with everyone else.3. Sugar donut: Perfect.  Fresh, not too sweet. Tasted like a hunk of really good white bread that had been dusted with sugar.4. Buttermilk bar: This stuff is like crack.  Definitely too large to eat on my own but perfect to share with others.Let's see how early I wake up tomorrow!
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2009,6/24/2009,362,488,11,16,14>My running group meets here every Monday at 6:30 pm for hill training during the summer. Oh boy! Despite being a slow group (10:30 a mile pace), we were running at 9:45 a mile, so I was huffing and puffing silently cursing to myself on Rogue Valley Trail, a relatively flat trail with small gradual hills and then turned back around (YES!) before heading up the Upper Rogue Valley Trail where it starts a uphill climb towards the Vista Point. I was so happy to be running downhill back to my car. Fun times ahead of me this summer!If you are training for a marathon or a half marathon, I definitely recommend going here to help improve your pace and stamina once or twice a week. Also it's much better on the knees when running on dirt trails. Although your body will hate you in the short term, you will kick ass in any future race you do.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2009,6/23/2009,198,505,10,12,9>I went here on Easter Sunday with a few friends. It was during lunch hours and there was actually a lot of space when we got there. The price was $16.99, which wasn't bad at all (except for the fact that they charge for tea and soda, so water it was... for most of us).I would say that the quality of the food wasn't bad at all. I came in quite hungry and gulped down the food a bit too fast. Here's a few highlights of my lunch:1) Creamed clam or something - I'm usually not a fan of cream, but the clam inside tasted quite good, I'm really not sure how to describe it.2) Raw oysters on the half shell - basically, you get what you pay for, but it was decent. This is nothing compared to Hog's Island in SF or the little hole in the wall in Santa Cruz since there was some sandy whatever in it, but if you squeeze in some lemon and hot sauce, voila! 3) Dim sum - this was the first time I went to a buffet place that served dim sum. The siu mai was quite good, very shrimpy. Actually, there were big chunks of shrimp in pretty much all the dim sum dishes, so that was good. At a normal dim sum place, I would pay around $10 per person, so if you just fill yourself up on dim sum, it would be quite well worth it. My friends were saying how the pineapple bun with custard was quite tasty as well.4) King crab legs - this was just succulent meat in a shell, juicy goodness in your mouth when you suck on it. It's a lot better when someone cracks it for you and it's just a huge bite of delicious meat in your mouth.5) Sharks fin soup - this was obviously an imitation, but really, who in their right mind would serve real sharks fin at a buffet place, naw means? For an imitation, the vermicelli was decent. 6) Usually when I have sushi at a buffet place, I don't like how there is never just plain sashimi. I mean, it wasn't the BEST sashimi I had, but with the price I paid for it, it wasn't bad at all. There's the usual selections of tuna, salmon, and whatever. Nothing really stood out, but it was decent.7) Dessert - the mocha and mango were my favorites. I didn't really have a chance to try out other ones since it was already around 2pm when I did my dessert rounds. The tapioca "soup" was good as well, it wasn't extremely sweet, it just touched the spot perfectly.I would say this is by far the best Chinese buffet place I've been to. I didn't have a chance to try everything, but there's always a next time. I would say that if you're a buffet person, check this place out, and for a nice refreshing drink or something to wash everything down... walk across the street to Verde.4.5 (for the time being), till next time... hopefully they don't screw it all up. Oh, the ambiance inside and out is pretty nice as well.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2009,6/22/2009,323,283,10,11,11>Our second visit to Town and our food did not disappoint again.  BBQ prawns and onion rings for appetizers...I thought it was strange that Town 'did not offer bread service' but do offer cracker and cheese???  All we wanted were some edible 'sponges' to soak up the fantastic sauce that came with the prawns.  If our server didn't sneak back to the kitchen for bread, I would have gone to the bar to grab little cocktail straws for the sauce.Prime Rib looked great, Filet (baseball cut) looked wonderful, although birthday girl had to send her overdone steak back for a medium with pink.  Not a problem, but took longer that it should have in my opinion, they did bring out a small shot glass of the soup 'o' the day - corn chowder.Busy for a holiday weekend and service was very good, not great but no major complaints.On a nice evening you can sit outside along the sidewalk OR I would highly recommend sitting at the counter and watching all the kitchen action - the guys are very good and you can have a martini or two before deciding what to order based on what's being tossed and plated in front of you.Enjoy if you go.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2008,6/21/2009,51,115,6,8,8>One of the most irritating things about moving from Wisconsin to California was giving up the opportunity to enjoy what I believe is the best ice cream flavor on earth: blue moon. Fellow Midwesterners may know what I'm talking about--an electric blue colored ice cream that doesn't have any one particularly identifiable flavor other than, perhaps, fruity.I was absolutely elated to find that Rick's Ice Cream offers this as one of their flavors. The ice cream itself was delicious. There were two slightly disappointing parts: a single scoop in a sugar cone cost $3.50 (maybe it's only steep compared to Midwest ice cream prices) and the ice cream was melting really quickly. I'm a champ at eating ice cream cones, so I was disappointed to have ice cream melting all over my hand.Despite this, I will be back--a lot. It's delicious and relatively close to my apartment, and they have blue moon!
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2009,6/20/2009,90,150,7,11,8>Sandwiches here are mighty tasty.I stopped by the other day and ordered some take-out sandwiches.  We tried the tri-tip, the Californian, and the chicken tarragon salad -- all were yummy.  I love that they have a huge selection of quality breads -- including whole wheat rolls (which bring a smile to my white-carb-hating hubby's face).   We added side salads (potato salad and fruit salad), but the tiny portions are really not worth the extra $1.90.  The service here is great and the owner is super friendly.  I plan on making this place a regular stop for take-out.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2008,6/19/2009,10,11,22,10,7>This is where soccer moms go when they die.Some background. I have this back problem and my doctor told me yoga might be good for it. I tried a few different places. Today I figured it might be nice to start my Saturday with "Vinyasa Yoga I-II" at Devi Yoga. The instructor's name was Rebecca Snowball!I was the only dude. And I learned many things.I learned that standing on my head can be good for my menstrual cycle.I found my inner self, my inner child, my inner energy, and at one point my inner groin(!).I expressed my gratitude to the Universe with my breath (this might be considered rude under some circumstances, but I HAD just brushed my teeth).I ohhhmmmm'd, and I rocked the "downward dog".I learned that I am whole, complete, and perfect. (Thank you, ms Snowball, you are a good liar.)There were candles, a blue ceiling, and a stereo playing music of the "meditative random sitar plucking" kind.All in all, not a bad start of the day. Only one star off  because it was a bit intimidating to step into this world of menopause and because we had to team up for one exercise, which I felt was awkward and unnecessary.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2008,6/18/2009,142,21,,6,4>I'm not sure I agree with other Yelpers' reviews for this restaurant, but I will try my best to represent the lovers of earthy, authentic Chinese food. This restaurant is pretty good! The venue is not that large, so the attendants are fairly attentive. Of course, it is a Chinese restaurant, so don't expect them to come around filling your water/tea and asking if you need more rice (especially since they charge by the bowl), but if you ask for something, they get on it. I especially liked their bread products:Da4 Bin3 (big pie) it's like a Chinese version of the pizza, sans tomato sauce or any toppings except for diced green onions kneaded into the dough and sesame seeds sprinkled on top. The dough is really fluffy and great to eat when fresh. Cong1 You2 Bin3 (onion oil pie) just dough and green onions fried in a pan of oil, but it's so delicious!Their Xiao3 Long2 Bao1 (small steamed buns) and Shen1 Jian1 Bao1 (raw fried buns) are not bad as well, but I'm not giving it a strong recommendation. Finally, yes this restaurant is supposed to be Sichuan (Szechwan) style, but imho it is not quite spicy enough to meet that level of authenticity. Don't get me wrong, the food is spicy (especially for somebody with such low spice-tolerance as myself), but Sichuan is known for their mouth is on fire, eat at your own risk but keep a pail of water by you level of spiciness in their dishes. Be forewarned if you go here expecting to be spiced away.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2009,6/17/2009,403,410,9,13,12>Upon Ingrid C.'s recommendation, I came here with Angie K. for a sushi extravaganza... and BOY did we have an EXTRAvaganza.$4 for 2 pieces of DELICIOUS hamachi??? (2 orders, please!  Actually... I think I could easily eat 4 orders of this... and at this price.)$12 for 2 AWESOME pieces of ootoro???  The fattiest and most delectable pieces of tuna?? (2 orders of this too, please!!)Negihamamaki was a good $6 for 6 pieces... yumyum.Tamago was pretty good (i think it was $3.75) but not the best I've had (my Japanese mom definitely makes the best!).What was also nicely surprising?  The miso soup for $1.75!  They have great miso that is very flavorful.  Having said that, their miso fried taro was delicious (same miso as the soup, I think) except for the fact that the taro was a little undercooked for me.For dessert we shared a brown rice panna cotta that was very very tasty, very recommended.  It came with two tiny cream puffs!Skip the shiitake maki.  They marinate the shiitake in some sweet soy sauce mix and it isn't great.  So yah... don't stray from the real sushi.Also, try to get here early or be prepared to wait.  Angie and I got here at around 6:15p on Friday night and got a table immediately but every patron after us had to wait and a line soon formed out the door.5 enthusiastic STARS for the AMAZING sushi and miso.  Can't beat the price and the quality, and I will most definitely be back!! And I will order sooo much hamachi and ootoro...
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2013,1/21/2014,836,728,12,13,12>Simple satisfying salads, soups, sandwiches, small bites, etc.Palo Alto's healthier optionRemember to order, pay, sit, and the item will come to your tableOsaka salad, one of my fav!Upper class version of Pluto's down the streetTry their specialsAfter coming here several times, I've had quite a few things from their menu. I love their signature salads. My personal favorites are the Osaka and Kyoto. I've gotten a few of their sides like sweet potato garlic fires! YUM! But I wasn't super impressed with their Sesame Tofu or Bulgogi Lettuce Cups. It's a very nice, clean and open restaurant. Water dispensers on both ends of the restaurant with cutlery. Leave your dirty dishes at the table for their staff to clean it up! Lovely!- Osaka - $11.95 :)- Kyoto - $11.95 :)- Southwestern - $9.25 :)- Steak Sandwich - $8.95 :)- Sweet Potato Garlic Fries - $4.95 :)- Bulgogi Lettuce Cups -$5.95 :( too much sauce- Sesame Tofu - $4.50 :( overly sauced
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,1/20/2014,43,112,3,5,2>This is my go-to shabu house.  This place is great and never regret coming here.  Whenever I come here I either get the large kobe platter or once and a while I get the good fortune of getting the all you can eat (and sometimes drink) option.  To get the all-you-can-eat deal, every member of the table has to go for it too so people don't try to cheat the system I guess.  The service here at the Shabu House is always consistently good and never have really much of a problem getting any need fulfilled.  If you have a huge stomach, and if the rest of the table does too, the all-you-can-eat deal may be up your alley.Last time I went I single-handedly carried the table on my shoulders by knocking down 3.5 plates of various beef/pork/lamb, a veggie plate, 2 bowls of rice, 2 tall boy Sapporos, and a bottle of sake.  Of course I didn't eat for almost 24 hours after that but that's not the point.  The point is that I was willing to forgo a day of eating just to enjoy the hell out of a delicious meal here. If you want great shabu then you come here.  If you don't want shabu, well, there a million other places to go for dinner.  Choose one!  :-)
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,1/19/2014,275,494,5,7,4>I love to hike and Rancho is the most accessible and the one with trails that I'm very familiar with that I come here often.I've hiked the wild cat loop a lot of times that I don't even need a map anymore. I did try the famous PG&E trail too once, met lots of deers on the trail and a few people said there were mountain lions (thankfully, we didn't encounter them despite a few people we met on the trail were telling us they saw/heard them). Most of the trails are shaded, which is great but there are plenty of exposed areas too, especially once you're high at the top. The vista point is wonderful with good view of the Bay Area, there is also a bench that you can sit on to take a break and/or take photos!One of my favorite perks of going to this place is the Deer Hollow farm. We can always visit our animal friends and say "hi," they are usually friendly anyway :) and you have to check out the cool little community gardens with variety of herbs too..wish I have a green thumb!The parking could get annoying if you arrive around 10ish or 9ish in the summer..so do plan to come a tad early. The best part... FREE admission and FREE parking yo!
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,1/18/2014,1556,579,14,21,16>What's not to love about this place? It was nostalgic, had great views and won me and my parents over with their romantic ghost tales. The parents wanted a dose of the ocean before they headed back to the sweltering Arizona desert, and I heard great things about the crashing blue views at Moss Beach Distillery. Parking was easy, there's a fairly good sized lot. The building itself is a unique historical landmark. It exudes a thrilling feeling to be around, due to all the excitement happening in and out and around the area throughout the past century. The interior is adorned with pictures from the early days of San Francisco, stained glass art incased in carved wood, and several other pieces of history, the chairs and tables being one of them. The views from either dining area or the patio are breathtaking. Waves crashing along the sandy beaches in the distance. Close craggily rocks broken apart by old dusty walkways aligned with sprouting sea succulents and featherlike greenery swaying with the ocean breeze. Not a dull moment here, between the ghost, the views and the food...I ordered the Beet and Mandarin Salad- mixed greens tossed in a citrus vinaigrette, topped with beets, mandarin oranges, candied walnuts, and bleu cheese crumbles. So fresh, and perfectly proportioned and tasted marvelous!The parents ordered Creamy New England Style Chowder- loaded with clams and potatoes. She mentioned it was good, but wasn't enough for a meal..Distillery Burger- 1/2 pound all natural ground beef on a toasted bun with mayonnaise, mustard, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions and your choice of cheddar, jack, Swiss, blue or goat cheese. He passed on the fried pickle add-on. (yuck!) This is where we all dug into the best fries on the planet, hands down, father and daughter approved.I would return in a heartbeat for another dose of those heavenly fries or to enjoy those magnificent views any day of the week! TIPS:~If you want to know where the blue lady hangs out, it's downstairs in the ladies restroom, she likes to check out what you're wearing while you're checking yourself out in the mirror. ~Get there early afternoon (even on a weekday!) if you want a space by the fire pits on the patio. Don't worry about getting chilled by that intense pacific ocean air, they provide blankets for the guest.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2013,1/17/2014,113,362,9,9,7>I know a place excites me when I have not even left the premises and I already have half the Yelp review composed in my head. If you don't feel like reading my little tale, just know that if you order here, you'll have a pleasant experience and a BOMB DOT COM (tm Brooks) sandwich.I love sandwiches. Who doesn't? I also make great sandwiches. So, apparently, does that woman who has that blog about making sandwiches as a means of twisting her boyfriend's arm to propose... I mean, about creating 300 sandwiches to demonstrate her culinary prowess to her beloved. I've also visited some sandwich places that I will NEVER RETURN TO AGAIN, if I can help it. Like that place near my work that rudely editorialized re: the fact that I didn't want mayo on my BLT, and on a separate occasion completely screwed my order by putting pecans ALL OVER MY SALAD when I expressly said when I ordered: "NO NUTS. VERY IMPORTANT. I HAVE A NUT ALLERGY" -- and then had the gall to grimace at ME and sigh accusingly and grouse in exasperation when I made them re-make the salad. And then, that other place, where the sandwich doyenne looked at me like I was Julian Assange when I asked if there were any nuts or nut oils in their oh-so-special spread. Look:  I'm not going to sell your secrets to the deli down the street; I didn't even ask for the recipe. I'm just trying to have lunch and not go into anaphylactic shock. Seriously, these experiences made me wish I'd just gone to freakin' Subway, where they don't give me grief for asking to hold the mayo.PHEW. Now I feel better. I share all this because my experience at OH MY GOSH THIS IS THE BEST DELI EVER delis has been mixed. Sometimes, they live up to expectations; other times, I have a rancid experience that I will do anything to avoid in the future. So I did approach CJ's with a little apprehension, but oh boy.YUM. I came in one day and had the So. Cheese Chicken: fresh carved chicken, pepperjack, red peppers, and green chiles. I loved it so much, that I came back the NEXT DAY and had the CBC -- Chicken Bacon Cheddar. Service was nice. For a small and busy place, they do keep things moving. I got my sandwiches quickly both times -- granted, I went at off-hours on the weekend. But even so, I imagine that they're efficient during the work week as well. Plus the people working were patient. The first day, there was a gentleman there, and he was calm even when I asked to make an adjustment to my sandwich mid-order. And the sandwich came out right! Then the next day, a lady worked the reg -- I will call her "CJ's Sandwich Concierge" because if you (like me) have your original order foiled by the fact that they are, say, out of turkey, she'll ask you what you like and make a recommendation based on that. I chose the CBC on my own -- but she was fully supportive of my decision. ;)Other quick notes: It's small and only has a few tables. They have some cold drinks--primarily Snapple. I saw pre-packed (but homemade??) potato salad in the fridge, too. And for all its smallness, it's still faster than getting juice at The Plant.It's a good thing I work nowhere near this place. I would be the size of their sandwiches if I was any closer. Definitely recommend!
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,1/16/2014,181,203,7,8,5>I do believe that the "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" just about sums up this little gem in the heart of downtown Palo Alto. I have been here many, many, many times and it's amazing every time. I try to bring new folks with me each time to expose them to the greatness that is Oren's so that the magic can continue to grow.Here's my recommended order for two people (Lunch and Dinner variation):-Hummus triangle, which comes with either wheat or white pita. I recommend wheat, but the white is equally as delish-3 small plates: Tabule, Falafel (qty. 5, though if you are two people they usually give you 6 so that you don't have to cause a scene fighting over who will get 2 and who will get 3) and the small Israeli salad-For Dinner Only: Get an order of the sweet potato fries or the chicken kabob. What? Sweet potato fries? Aren't you at an authentic Israeli restaurant? Why sweet potato fries? Oh, perhaps because they are the BEST GD SWEET POTATO FRIES IN THE ENTIRE HISTORY OF SWEET POTATO FRIES. And, they come with a yummy dipping sauce. So there you have it! Great service, great food and if you can get a table then its a MUST for dining in.*Bonus- they have a great carryout cold case, but if you want to carry out warm food- call ahead!!!!! Sometimes it can take 1/2 hour for hot food to be ready when they are busy.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,1/15/2014,263,206,4,6,5>Great new location right in the heart of downtown Los Altos.I used to frequent the one in Menlo Park but prefer this much more easily accessible area with plenty of parking. The upstairs loft has a glass wall overlooking the shop and is perfect for private events and tea parties for princesses and ladies of all ages.As always, I love devouring ginger biscuits smothered in their delicious sweet and tart lemon curd while waiting for my order to arrive.My usuals:Raspberry Darjeeling Champagne Tea - Not too heavy on the sweet and fruity side, compliments the jam that comes with their baked goods, and just creamy enough to still work with milk.Scones - They have some seriously solid scones here. Warm, buttery, and amazing with clotted cream!Sandwiches - These cute dainty sandwiches pack a lot of flavor! My favorites are the pesto nut, salmon, and dried tomato. Crumpets - Gotta have crumpets at a tea party. These weren't a life changing experience for me but where else are you going to find crumpets in the bay area?Overall a super cute place to hangout and spend the afternoon at :)
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,1/14/2014,216,293,3,5,4>A surprisingly good Korean restaurant on Broadway. This was my first time there as my usual Korean place was closed for some family reason. And once again Yelp did not let me down.They serve the usual Korean faire, but my date was very impressed by their beef bibimbap which was served with the purple rice. I enjoyed their side dishes and they were very generous with the refills. I myself had the short rib tofu soup and it was very flavorful the rib slipped off the bones yet it was still very tender. I will be back to try more dishes!
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,1/13/2014,146,135,3,8,4>I just recently reverted back to Veganism and was afraid I was going to hate everything I ordered here that didn't include meat in it, after all, Filipino dishes are known for delicious meats.  I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised with what my boyfriend and I had.  We ordered the Garlic Noodle, Cauliflower Paratha, and the Kale Salad and they were all terrific!  We will definitely come back again. I can't even imagine what the meat dishes taste like.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,1/12/2014,81,144,3,4,4>So happy I don't have to drive up to SF to get my fix! This place is good if you like Vietnamese / Asian drinks. I really like their #3 and #9. You can also make your own drink by choosing a tea and adding whatever toppings you desire.I highly recommend the pandan jelly! I get it in all my drinks. Their milk teas are pretty good too, if you're not a fan of coconut milk in your drinks. There's ample seating area so you can chill with friends and service is pretty quick.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2008,5/16/2008,289,323,6,12,11>This place is bigger than most frozen yogurt places that I've been to. It's very colorful and the seats they have in here are cute and spongy. There weren't much people when we came here which was kind of good since this place is self-serve ($0.35 per ounce). They have a lot of flavors such as original, chocolate, guava(yum), passion fruit, coconut, pineapple, boysenberry, and others I can't seem to remember on the top of my head. Oh and if you want you can mix pineapple and coconut together to make pina colada flavor. They have a lot of toppings as well such as kit kat bar, reeses, banana chips, mochi (of course), mango jello, lychee jello, and the usual fruits. One tip:If you want to try samples ask them for small sample cups but remember the machine spits of yogurt really fast so half of a second pull might do the trick.If it's not crowded this place would be a good hang out place for people that just want to eat yogurt and chit chat.And if i remember correctly this might be a CASH ONLY place but I might be wrong. Just keep some cash in your pocket before coming here just in case.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2007,5/15/2008,90,588,,15,6>Wham wham wham.This is a hidden Batting Cage facility. Much better than the outdoor traffic jam at Malibu in RWC. This is indoors, climate controlled, and better maintained. There is softball (slow and fast) & baseball any way you please. The baseball machines have a big animated pitcher winding up to help with your timing.rates are 20 balls for $460 for $10400 for $55Cage rental $65 / hr or $35 / half-hour.They also have coaching available.We did 3 guys splitting a half-hour and that was just enough. Any more and fatigue sets in.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2008,5/14/2008,160,346,6,13,15>Red Lantern has brought me out of Yelp-hibernation to sing its due praises.I think dining in Redwood City, I think $2 slices of greasy pizza.  But Red Lantern, though it might seem out of place, is perrrrfect.  Food: seriously amazing.  No, really, the flavors and texture... everything.  Drool.Service:  They're new, so you can see the enthusiasm in all of the waiters.  Even the man who filled our water was friendly and chatty.  And everything was very prompt.Ambiance:  This particularly makes Red Lantern the black sheep in Redwood City, but in a good way.  Like, um, chic black.  It's really nicely done inside and not what you'd expect.I can't express how much this place rocks.  I really, really hope they stick around for a while.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2007,5/13/2008,293,735,11,17,21>Michael Jordan, Air Jordan, #23.. ring a bell? My brother collects Jordans and on the occasion, Nike SB Dunks. While Shoe Club doesn't have an SB account, they have a great selection of the newest Jordans and unlike a lot of other retailer, the prices aren't marked up. Alex and his team are friendly, helpful and know their shoes. No, it's not like walking into On the Run, where they fit you for shoes according to your gait; their knowledge of shoes is like - these are just like the retro v that came out in such and such year. Shoe Club has a large clothing selection, but I didn't browse because it's not my style (and I think it was mostly men's clothes). While I didn't buy anything here, my brother bought 2 pairs of Jordans and got a free hat. He gets courtesy calls from Alex to let him know when new kicks come in, and ... now I know what to get him for Christmas. On December 15, Spiz'ikes are released and they look HOT. :)P.S. I would never have imagined that there would be a shoe store selling Jordans in this strip of Middlefield. Shoe Club's neighbor stores are taquerias and beauty salons!
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2008,5/12/2008,105,158,6,9,12>There are those places you always remember from your childhood, this is one of them.  The best donuts ever come from here.  The plain glazed has reached its pinnacle of perfection on the fryers on San Bruno Ave.  They are light, but still just dense and chewy enough and you don't feel like you just ate a quart of oil.  The blueberry donuts are equally delicious and an apple fritter will never disappoint you.  Custard filled donut holes are also crazy delicious.They are open 24hrs so you get the late night rush of airport employees on their lunch breaks and you'll probably see a few SBPD officers here as well.  Sure they are living up to the stereotype, but I certainly can't blame them for it here.I used to get up at the crack of dawn with my dad to go skiing and this was usually our stop before getting on the freeway.  Coffee (well, not for me, I was only 10) + donuts = a great 4:30am snack.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2008,5/11/2008,537,588,4,8,8>I've only visited Helm once so far.  This shop came highly recommended by Joe over at Sports LTD in South Lake Tahoe (see: yelp.com/biz/tahoe-sport ).  I was looking for ski goggles for an upcoming weekend trip and shopping at REI and Any Mountain was unsuccessful.  Helm has a very good selection and stock of goggles from Smith, Oakly, Giorno?, and my favorite Dragon.  REI and Any Mountain have really poor stock and choices at mid-season, I was happy to find Helm well stocked.  My wife had a great experience getting fitted for ski boots while we were in Tahoe.  While my first choice would be to go see Dickson at Tahoe Boot when I need new boots, if I had to get fitted locally -  Helm would be my best bet. Helm has two levels.  The first level has the outerwear and rental shop. Helm has a good selection and prices for jackets, helmets, gloves, and goggles. The second level has the equipment: boards, skis, poles, and boots. If you need a decent fitting and expert advice ask for Gehardt.Prices are higher than discount stores like Sports Mart, Sports Authority, and REI but the specialty brands are available here plus a wealth of expert opinions and advice that you won't find at the discount chain stores, when it comes to mountain related activities.21 day return policy.Open 7 days a week.Times visited: 3
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2008,5/10/2008,810,95,5,7,6>The Seoul of tofu... Quite possibly the best tofu soup place in the Bay Area hands down!  Normally I would never consider tofu soup a main menu item, perhaps as an appetizer.  But Tofu House makes the best soft (and I mean soft) tofu soup that is I can only describe as OH SO GOOD!!  The people are friendly, the service is quick,  and I love the simplicity of the menu.. I went here one of my eating partners and I had the seafood tofu soup while she had the mushroom tofu soup... As most have pointed out you can customize your soup's spiciness, from not spicy to medium to spicy hot.  We both had to have it spicy of course! Once the server brought our soups, you can tell it was just cooked as it was bubbling like it was going to explode!  Then we took the eggs and cracked it open and stirred it with tofu soup... and it was on!  Dessert is a stick of melon chewing gum. That's why, as you walk in, you may see people walking out chewing.  Overall I'd say Tofu House has the most bang for your buck.. Why didn't I find this place sooner??
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2008,5/9/2008,149,196,18,9,12>Oh. my. god. Becky.  Look at her butt!  It's so ROUND and OUT THERE!"Baby Got Back" is the first song on the CD called "Monster Booty", which a well-meaning ex-boyfriend gave to me.  EX-boyfriend.  Thank you, I already know it's big.So, established... I was blessed by the powers that be with a huge derriere.  Unfortunately, however, by some gross oversight during the divine creation of my torso, my breasts were somehow overlooked.  This leaves me looking rather like a weeble-wobble in most clothing.I was determined to avoid weeblehood on my wedding day.  Lucy was fantastic.  She emphasized curves I didn't know were there, and sewed in push-up cups!  I was all backlessly sexy with movie star boobs on my special day.  My husband thought he was marrying the wrong one.Lucy has a good sense of humor and will give you advice on how to have a good marriage (she's been married for many decades).  Parking is easy on El Camino.  Buses go right by her shop, too.  Book in advance.  She's a busy lady, and for good reason.  In Lucy's own words, "Look at that!  Boob job for $10!"
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2008,5/8/2008,85,1621,10,13,13>Sicilians are the most friendliest people! We had a special treat when we pulled over to try Romolo's Spumoni and Cannoli Factory to cool down from today's 80 degree heat on a Saturday afternoon. Met Joey today who made us feel comfortable. He provided service with a smile. We couldn't resist this small mom&pop's business and the owners were charming! SOOO refreshing. I also had a cup of capuccino and that woke me up! I'd come back here again and again. What a gem we stumbled upon on yelp.com and it's in San Mateo!
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2008,5/7/2008,80,20,10,11,10>Calling all athletes:When it's time to test your mettle and win yourself a medal, Bay Badminton Center is the place for you.  For all of you yanks out there, let's keep things sophisticated...it's pronounced bad-MIN-ton, not bad-mi'en.  I digress...My compatriots and I have been meeting there on Sundays for good old-fashioned round robin fun.  Whether you're there representing the latest in lululemon fashion, white people, former state champions, lawyers who have bmo'd Chunk, the overly-sweaty or people who bank at WaMu, you're bound to have a most-excellent time and a great workout to boot!Some sage advice before you step onto the court:  hold the shuttlecock (heh) like it's a cup and not by the feathers.  Unless you're a bad-ass, heathen renegade, you'll look like a twerp.  Final thoughts....Bay Badminton Center is a winner, winner, chicken dinner!
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2014,11/20/2014,278,685,3,4,5>Tucked down on a long drive way is Rue de The. A small little cottage-esque front with little tables inside and out. It was a very warm day and looking for a breeze we took an outside table. In fact, the owner (I'm assuming he's the owner since he named some of the teas after his 9 older sisters) kindly set up a new table for us in the shade.He was super charming and very kind. He gave my son a madeline while we ordered as a treat.My friend Amy and I ordered tea for two (~$28). Comes with 2 scones, 2 cookies, 2 madelines, salad, choice of 2 sandwiches and a pot of tea.Overall food was ok.-Scones: buttery crumbly and served with jam but would have loved some clotted cream.-Cookies: simple. cute. lemon iced shortbread for example. just not outstanding.-Sandwiches: Chicken salad, again nice. Cucumber cream cheese open faced sandwich was nice.-Salad: Shopped greens with carrots. A bit unusual to see with tea.-Tea per my friend was a special blend of black and something. She enjoyed it.Owner made me something non caffeinated with citrus and over ice. Very nice. Non sweetened which was refreshing.Honestly it's the service that makes this a great place. And they do have many different types of teas for the colder times of year. It's a quaint retreat from the chain stores and shopper frenzy on Burlingame Ave.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2014,11/19/2014,113,362,6,5,8>I might as well just hand over my paycheck now, because it's that, or ban myself from the store.FLAX offers a wonderful selection of beautiful art supplies for painting, book-making, print-making, sketching, and more. Products are offered in a full complement of colors and brands, so you're sure to find something that appeals to you.Store staff is knowledgeable, very nice, and tuned in to what interests folks in the neighborhood.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2014,11/18/2014,112,110,5,4,5>So because the Caltrain schedule sucks, I always find myself waiting at Mountain View station quite frequently. Most early evenings, I'm not in the mood for any sort of pastry or coffee, but this particular day was an exception. Many things aren't exactly a bargain, in my opinion, in downtown Mountain View. So I noticed Olympus first, since it's right next to the station, only to come back to it after circling through downtown really quickly.I found myself ordering a turkish coffee and a persekare (probably messed up the spelling). Turkish coffee was pretty good; but if you don't like strong coffee, stay away. The persekare (sp?) was quite good, was a little messy trying to eat it in a to-go box with no fork. It's essentially a pastry soaked in some sort of sweet syrup with an almond on top. Don't really know how else to describe it, but it paired perfectly with a turkish coffee. Had I not been in the mood for a stroll while waiting for my train, I don't know how i ever would've noticed this gem of a cafe. It's also a great place to chill and get some work done on your laptop, which seemed to be common knowledge, after observing all of the patrons at the cafe.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2014,11/17/2014,55,102,,6,5>Modern decor like the Campbell location, with patio seating in the shade during the afternoon. Stellar service on my first visit: The bartender offered me a glass of iced water as soon as I sat down to place a takeout order and brought a tasty snack dish of the goldfish pretzels and edamame that are filling PC's yelp photostream. A short wait later, my order was ready and carefully packed with spare napkins, spoons, forks, knives, AND chopsticks. In contrast, my 6/7/14 takeout order had no napkins, utensils, and the sweet potato fries came with no sauces whatsoever. What's up with that? Portions are plentiful. I love that I was offered a choice of brown or sushi (white) rice with my Hawaiian poke bowl. I asked for half brown rice and greens, which was ideal, since the bowl was massive. Every component (save the crazy salty wasabi poke sauce drowning the greens) was refreshing and bursting with flavor. I hope you like pickled ginger, because it seems they're giving away knobs of it in each order!The sweet potato fries were crisp and perfectly salted if eaten sans sauce. It's always a bummer if you make it home to discover the fries have gone soggy, but these were perfectly fried. If you like a bit more flavor (and salt), their ginger wasabi aioli was creamy and piquant, which complemented the sweet thai chili sauce. Yummy, though a bit sodium-heavy.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2014,11/16/2014,474,505,5,6,7>Cute little place before downtown San Mateo. Glad there's more Thai places in the area since we love Thai food! We've been here a few times and the food is good.The prices on their menu is a little expensive but their lunch specials are reasonable. They have a good selection of rice plates and noodles for $7.95 - $8.95.  If you choose shrimp as your choice of meat, it's an extra $2. Their Thai ice tea is ahhhh-mazing here! It's so delish. I usually down half the cup before the food comes out AND the food comes out super fast here!This definitely beats the food trucks at my office in portion sizes and prices!
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,11/15/2014,66,106,3,6,7>I can't handle too much dairy so I never go out for pizza on my own will, but since all my friends are pizza lovers, I'm bound to end up at a pizza joint every once in a while.  Although I can't handle my dairy, I also can't pass up a bite of appetizing-looking food sitting right in front of me.  I had bites of the Mediterranean and Blue Line pizza. Wowza! My initial reaction was, "no wonder people love pizza so much." Not only did I love the deep dish pizzas, I also loved the crust!  I'm usually the type of leave out crust (pie crust, bread crust....) from my meal, but this crust was too tasty to not eat.  It's made out of cornmeal, which is a nice change from your typical pizza crust. On a different occasion I came here and tried the thin crust pizza.  I notified my waitress about my dairy issues and she recommended ordering a pizza without cheese.  Sounds crazy, right?? Wrong! I had the BBQ thin crust pizza without cheese and it was surprisingly very good! Wow! Still had a lot of flavor, and although I raved about the crust of the deep dish pizzas, I also enjoyed the thin crust just as much.  It was very crispy! Love this place and I will be back!
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2014,11/14/2014,93,917,6,12,9>Decadent. Most often an adjective used to describe dessert, but in this case, perfectly suited for RASA. A welcome addition to downtown Burlingame, RASA is a huge upgrade in ambiance and cuisine from the former Indian restaurant that was located in this space. Now under new ownership, the place was gutted and redesigned, and in that process, also refined. I very much enjoyed the new contemporary decor - warm burnt orange colored walls, back-lit motifs, modern chandeliers - not overly done, but just enough for intimate space. Ambiance aside, RASA's menu is incredible in selection, mouth-watering, and will surely leave you in a conundrum about what to order.A contemporary take on South Indian cuisine, you will find all of your regional favorites - but with a twist. If you're looking for very traditional homestyle South Indian food, this might not the place for you, but if you've got an open mind and palate that loves to explore - take a chance on RASA!RASA offers an amazing selection of traditional dishes, but you'll find that traditional flavors are enhanced by being cooked ever so differently, being pared with nontraditional ingredients, and also in being presented with an elevated aire. As diners, we eat with our eyes before the food ever touches our palate, and for that reason, I commend RASA on elevating South Indian food to such a beautiful presentation. Nearly every dish was thoughtfully composed of multiple components offering elements of curiosity, playfulness, and ultimately, satisfaction.The impressive menu selection made the decision quite difficult. Knowing immediately that we'd be back to dine, we settled on the rasam and curry leaf chicken as starters, and the truffled mushroom dosa and black cod pollichatu as our main entrees, and ultimately the filter coffee affogato - all eaten family style, of course.Hands down, the flavors were sharp. The rasam was perfectly traditional. Just enough spice, but not the overwhelming type that can easily clear your sinuses. The curry leaf chicken - again, right on. The chicken was breaded on the exterior, yet retained a moist, soft texture. The yogurt dipping sauce couldn't have balanced the starter any better - a spicy chicken with a cooling dip.The main entrees were, once again, outstanding. Truffled mushroom dosa was an interesting take on traditional dosa filling. I love traditional dosas, so I definitely hesitated stepping outside of the box and to order this. One bite in and I realized - you simply can't go wrong with a truffled dish. I thought the sambar and chutneys wouldn't be great accompaniments, but yet again, I was proven wrong. The contrasting combination of flavors surprisingly worked very well. It was also pleasant to see that the traditionally long dosa was cut into multiple pieces, which proved for easy eating in a more refined dining environment. Don't hesitate in ordering this - it was fantastic!Cod was unfortunately not the fresh catch of the day, so black cod pollichatu was almost ruled out. However, the server informed us that due to the restaurant's sustainable practices, halibut was being offered! Even better. My lucky day, my favorite fish! This marvelous dish definitely wow'd me. We must've stared at it for a good minute or so before digging into the beautiful entree. The fish was elegantly wrapped in a banana leaf, in which it was presumably steamed. On the side was coconut rice (the real kind - with coconut flakes!), a green bean veggie mix, and a delicious peanut dipping sauce. I definitely sensed Southeast Asian influences in this fabulous dish. It was most definitely the highlight of my night, and I'd order it again in a heartbeat.We were so stuffed after such a great meal, but were left wondering about the dessert. Out came the menu, and we were presented with another wonderful selection and an even more difficult decision. Filter coffee affogato would do - small, light, and just enough of a post-meal wake-up call. A creative take on the Italian affogato traditionally made with espresso. Delicious!I can't think of one thing I would have liked to have seen done better, hence the 5 stars! We definitely look forward to dining here again.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2014,11/13/2014,128,442,6,12,9>I am SOOOO stoked to write this review!  We used to have the most incredible Thai restaurant in HMB - it was sold, and the new owner let go of the cook (half the reason that they were so great) and changed the menu - destroying the restaurant.Fast forward to present - and Spice Me is now open.  And guess who's in the back?  The above mentioned cook.  The menu is perfect, the food is simply the best.  The wife and I have found our goto place for Thai once again.  Go.  Enjoy.  You will NOT be disappointed!
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,11/12/2014,29,229,4,6,4>I decided to explore a bit further into the Village Court Shopping Center (Sudam is tough to pass up for weekday lunch).  But since it was a weekend afternoon, I went around and found this large and bustling (for 4pm on a Saturday) Pho restaurant.I went in and was immediately seated.  They plainly set the expectation that Pho is the main star, with many tiers (lean, "regular", combos and kids) and they go to good lengths to explain the differences in each.  I decided on a combination with most of the meats and tribe and tendons (#13).  It couldn't have been more than a few minutes when a piping hot bowl was headed my way.  I guess they do brisk business.The well-done flank steak was just that (well done to the point of being too chewy), but the brisket and/or the eye round steak was one of the most tender, fatty cuts of meat I've ever had in a pho bowl before.  The broth tended to be a bit on the bland side, but all in all, that bowl was pretty quickly demolished. Service is about as curt can get, but they get you seated quickly and keep tabs on you.  You pay by going to the cashier, who somehow manages to keep track of who was sitting where.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2014,11/11/2014,116,239,2,5,2>We've had Sozai Corner cater our daughter's birthday party every single year for the past four years. Christine, the catering manager, is fantastic. She nails it when it comes to estimating how much food you will need. Their menu is pretty extensive - there are both hot foods (ie: chicken karage) and cold foods (ie: a variety of sushi). We've ordered the following items in the past: beef teriyaki, chicken karage, salt and pepper chicken wings, chicken salad, spam musubi, and California rolls. All of these items were a big hit and we've gotten compliments every year on how good the food is. The presentation is beautiful, well packaged, and always ready on time. Thank you to Christine and her staff!
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2012,7/29/2012,641,501,3,8,7>Every once in a while I'm surprised when I realize I haven't written a review for a place I frequent so often. I love this place.  They have great meats, veggies, sashimi.  It's extra convenient since it's on my way home from work, so any night I'm out of ideas, I go here for a pack of sliced beef and I can create a tasty stirfry in no time.I've never made it on meat day though, where everything is 20% off.  I hear that you have to go early if you want anything though.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,7/28/2012,46,131,9,8,7>Alright, alright, I'm not just jumping on the neighborhood bandwagon here, this place is 100% legit!I've been here twice this week (so far), and both times, different sandwich makers, equally delicious outcome.Of course I had the same sandwich, but who can resist something so delicious especially when they just had it the night before?I know I sure can't.#1 Skinny Chic on Dutch crunch, hold the onions, you're my new best sandwich.Seriously, all funny business aside, this sandwich is one of the yummiest sandwiches I have had in a long time.And it was huge!!!!That's what she said!HA!!!!Oh my goodness, I crack myself up sometimes.The sandwiches here, on the other-hand, don't play.They are delicious, large, and get your stomach feeling oh-so-happy.And the little Dove chocolates that are accompanied are pretty decadent themselves.Who doesn't enjoy a nice chocolate?And they're the cute ones with nice little sayings on the inside of the foil wrapper.:DI love little sayings.P.S. You may walk in and find yourself asking, "What's Godfather sauce?"Well, I'm pretty sure they won't tell you because it's a secret recipe, but whatever it is, it's damn good!Oh! And if you have a fancy I.D. military, police, firefighter, SCHOOL, they hook you up with a free drink.P.S.S. The sandwich names are funny!!!!!!I love this place!!!:D
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2012,7/27/2012,89,155,1,5,3>Hidden within the lower level of an indoor plaza along Burlingame ave. is the watch gallery.The bf needed a link to be added to his rolex quickstyle so that he could wear it at his brothers wedding. We called a bunch other watch/jewelry stores but Watch Gallery quoted us with a good price (15 bucks to add a link) and no wait time. Once there the service to add a link was really fast. The watch person was really nice and helpful when my bf didn't know how many more links the guy should add. The store has a bunch of vintage watches also.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2012,7/26/2012,61,570,2,5,4>After checking out 3 other cleaners, i decided to rely on Bay Cal. Prices are reasonable, service is timely (usually in 2 or 3 days), and everything comes back clean. I've used baycal for shirt laundry, dry cleaning, and minor alterations on slacks - very satisfiedI like that the owner, jay, is there a good amount of the time - he seems like a solid guy. Parking is plentiful, and location off 101 ralston exit is perfect for us since we live in redwood shores
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,7/25/2012,218,243,6,9,7>Being a snobby east coaster, I have become picky about my bagel selection.  When my professor recommended Izzy's, I decided to check it out.  I'll admit, I was pleasantly surprised to see all of the New York favorites.  They had a wide selection of rugelach and knishes (haven't tried either yet, but I'm sure I will).  They also offer pre-packaged babka, but I can't bring myself to buy it.My favorite bagel thus far has been the whole wheat sesame.  The sesame is good too, but whole wheat just seems healthier...  The chocolate chip is also a good choice (for those of us who like our bagels to be seriously unhealthy).  My friend is in love with the sun-dried tomato cream cheese, but I like to stick with the chive. I'll be going back to Izzy's whenever I have a hankering for bagels.  Don't think you can go wrong with any of their options.  I'm looking forward to trying their challah as well since I was told it is the best in the area.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2012,7/24/2012,1509,3598,2,8,5>excellent execution.  the koobideh was very juicy and flavorful, cooked perfectly.  the rice was super moist, use the red seasoning on the table.  also had the cornish hen, very nice and the tomato was grilled perfectly.  had the tah dig and the crisp rice was great with the two stew combo.  only the mast o khiar wasn't quite westwood persian level.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2012,7/23/2012,185,194,8,16,10>I've got to be honest.  I have a big soft spot for fish places that have an adjoining market.  They have the pick of what they're selling for their restaurant.  It lends such credibility in both directions.  I've been here a couple of times before, but never have I eaten here and then bought fish at the same visit.  I know it doesn't sound like such a big deal to some people, but to me that will add a whole new level.Today I had the oyster and chips.  As I've mentioned  in other reviews, I  just love fried oysters, and despite the fact I love to cook, and I'm not to bad at it, this is a dish I will never again attempt myself.  I only tried it once, and there was probably a cosmic message in my failed attempt at preparing fried oysters for a Hanukah dinner about 10 years ago.  Who knew that if you don't time it right they explode?  Obviously not me.  Since then I'm content with the notion that it's probably better if I don't excel at deep frying.  It limits my intake.But I digress.  I stopped by Cooks for lunch on my way back from an appt in Menlo Park.  I love the totally unpretentious feel here.  The oysters and chips were $10, a fair price, I think.  The oysters were perfectly fresh, juicy, briny and just the right crispiness on the outside.  I'm not a big fan of their chips.  A few of the ones in this order were souflee'd (puffed up as if from being twice fried) which was a plus, but the majority were barely crisp on the outside and, with their large cut, pretty mushy inside.  I couldn't tell for sure, but they seemed extruded, which seems like such a crime, when they're so much better if they're actually cut up potatoes.  The tartar sauce wasn't that special, and if I had it to do over, I'd ask for cocktail sauce if they have it.  Tartar sauce seems so trivial, but when it's good - just the right mix of mayo, lemon, pickle, onion, caper, maybe a touch of mustard - it can help push the seafood right over the top.The people at the counter were very pleasant and I liked that they rotated through taking orders, serving orders and cleaning up, so everyone did everything.  After I finished I stepped next door to the market.  I wasn't buying (we had salmon the night before) and I told them that right away, but the fish monger gave me lots of info about their offering including a humanely farmed king salmon.  I'll have to give that a try some time.Food:  35/40service:  18/20atm/intang:  17/20value:  17/20Overall:  87/100=B=4stars (solid!)
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2012,7/22/2012,809,645,11,15,15>For all of you "fish for breakfast" lovers, Alana's comes through with the Alaska scramble.  Yummy smoked salmon, melty chunks of cream cheese and fluffy eggs start this dish, but it's ended with coffee cake and potatoes that will blow your mind.  Add a mimosa and you're off to a great start to the day.  For you Bloody Mary fans, they serve theirs with rice vodka (you know, that funky vodka made from rice that technically qualifies as wine so it can be served by beer and wine only joints?  I didn't like it, but you might).  Other reviewers have given a good description of the uniqueness of the building and grounds, but let me give a shout out to the server's great sense of humor.  She had me laughing even before we sat down.I'm not much of a breakfast person, but our Yelpy Brunch was oodles of fun and I thank Abby from the bottom of my heart for throwing it together.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2012,7/21/2012,89,414,2,2,2>I don't go out for Italian often, but I wish I could eat here every week.  Two words - spaghetti carbonara.  It's simply the best I've ever had.  Ever.  Simple ingredients, excellent flavor, easily worth the 5 stars.  The spaghetti has been cooked to perfect al dente each time I've ordered too.While I mostly order that dish I have tried some others and my other favorite is the veal parmesan - also, one of the better ones I've had (it's a HUGE portion too) and the saltimbocca - pure glutony goodness right there!On the appetizer side, my go to is the carpaccio.  Phenomenal tasting, high quality steak with simple toppings - mustard, red onions and olive oil.  (Oh, it has capers on it too which I immediately discard.  Capers = YUCK, I can't stand those things, hate them, they suck, they need to go away, horrible, did I mention I hate capers?.)  Anyway!  So what makes me happy about the carpaccio (besides capers) is that, well you ever go to a place that essentially gives you a salad on top of the carpaccio?  And you're like, "I think there's meat underneath this forest... " Doesn't that just suck?  You won't find that here.... Just meaty goodness.Wine selection is pretty good, lots of very drinkable inexpensive bottles.Bread service is a downer.... while the bread itself is pretty good it is often served with cold (cold!) butter.  Oil and vinegar would be a nice option.Yes.  It gets crowded, packed, loud.  Want an intimate dinner this might not be the best spot for that.  Service has been very good, yes they may seem curt and to the point but they do a good job and I never felt they are being rude to me.  For real Italian food that doesn't break the bank, come here and enjoy.FYI... they do take out and they charge a 10% fee for it.  I'll drive back to Redwood City and literally, my food is still HOT.  They do take out very well here.  Good stuff!
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2012,7/20/2012,113,362,2,8,8>I'm usually fairly unadventurous when it comes to what I eat at sushi restaurants -- I stick with my veggie rolls, my Philadelphia roll, maybe something deep fried once in a while. But something about Yuzu inspired me to step out of my bento box and order something unusual (to me). I went for the Chef's Choice option C. The presentation was gorgeous, the fish fresh. The roll with the roe glittered like a piece of jewelry. Also had kappa maki -- which I always have, everywhere -- and it was good. (Kind of hard to mess up kappa maki.)Normally I don't like sake -- but again, some unseen force moved me to try the sake tasting, and it was GREAT. Each one was different, each one was lovely... delicate, flavorful, elegant, and free of that weird itchy afterburn I get from cheap sake. I will definitely return here when I want to enjoy some great sushi -- and be free of the pita that parking in downtown SM is. And, for obvious reasons, I can't wait to try Tami, their neighboring restaurant, sometime.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,3/23/2014,249,96,23,29,26>A former (American) colleague of mine often said: "Italians don't know how to make pizza. American pizza is the best." Well, if that's your opinion, forget this place. The pizza is just like the way they make it in Naples.  The feel is very intimate, the restaurant is small, and the decor is really upscale and nice.My friend and I were a little put off by how slow the service was. It took us forever to get some wine, and then even longer to put in our orders.  But when the food came, it changed everything!The calamari was fantastic, but the pizza was the real star. We got the funghi pizza and after taking our first bite, just sunk into our chairs and stared at each other.  The crust was unbelievable!!  The sauce was perfectly seasoned, and we couldn't get enough of those mushrooms.Next time, we might order two of those pizzas and still probably might not have leftovers. That pizza kills willpower, violently. Yummmmm.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2014,3/22/2014,81,144,4,8,7>Definitely a solid four stars. The boy and I came here for dinner on a Sunday night after the Super Bowl. It was pretty empty except for someone ordering take out. The hostess was welcoming and cheerful and told us to sit anywhere. After scanning the menu, we decided to get the pad kee mao and massamun curry. Our server told us to check in on yelp to get a free thai iced tea so one of us did. Def a nice touch!Our food arrived pretty quickly and both were cooked well and were flavorful. The portion size for the pad kee mao was on the smaller side - enough for a meal but don't expect leftovers. I enjoyed it except both of us each got a bite where the noodle was hard so we had to spit it out. Overall a good experience and I'd definitely come back again to try the other dishes.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,3/21/2014,57,183,,6,2>Stopped in for a pre-dinner drink with the missus, and though it was a quick visit, we got a feel for the place and will definitely be back. We didn't have food, but I am already a fan of Curry up Now and enjoy much of their menu.  This review is for the cocktails and the ambiance.Cocktails:Creative signature cocktail list ($10 for a cocktail) and each drink takes time to prepare.  The drinks have many components, and most include specialty bitters.  The end result: a cocktail that is worth the wait and has complex flavors.  This is not your average well-drink bar, and I like that (nothing against well-drink dives, I love them too).  If you are in a hurry, though, you may get annoyed.  Though I was tempted by the signature namesake cocktail, I chose a drink which was reposado tequila, meyer lemon, tamarind chutney, and bitters.  Wish I could remember the name of the cocktail, but I can't (check out photo #36 to see what it looks like).  What I do remember was that the drink was awesome.  Sour and pungent but somehow not at all overpowering.  I could throw down a few of these, no problem.The missus enjoyed a champagne cocktail with meyer lemon, Lamarca Prosecco, and orange bitters.  She loved it.  Champagne is her self-proclaimed "drug of choice" and she usually shuns prosecco, so the fact that she loved it speaks volumes for the mixology involved.Ambiance:Low light, music a bit too loud but after a few drinks who cares? A comfortable-and-not-yet-annoyingly-hipster spot to have well-crafted drinks and food.  A very cool amber-lit marble bar, which is where we sat, but there was also a communal table and booths as well.  Many people dining had ordered food from the adjoining CUN dining room.  A small place that I am sure is going to get packed in days to come.Summary:A great place to savor specialty cocktails and order some good curried snacks.  Very cool to see the CUN folks expanding and, in my opinion, doing it right.  I'll be back to M&P soon.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,3/20/2014,451,100,1,9,10>Yogurt sauce!!I need to warn you about parking here during lunch peak though, it is ridiculous! Unfortunately for the people that work in this area, there really aren't many good places to go for lunch so most of us flock to this plaza between 11:30-1:00pm and seriously, good luck finding parking. Sajj is however my FAVORITE in this busy lunch plaza. It's a Mediterranean chipotle bowl style type of food, and you can choose between chicken and lamb. They pack your bowl up with veggies, diff kind of sauces, and rice! Also try their mint lemonade, it is on point!!If you work in the menlo park/paly area, try this place out during lunch!!
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2013,3/19/2014,220,362,3,7,5>This corner should have a turnstile based on the number of restaurants that have cycled through it.  When I saw that Ryu had come in, I didn't bother even putting it on my Bookmark list, but after seeing a number of comments online from neighbors stating how good it was, I decided I had to give it a shot.  And I wasn't disappointed (although to be honest, I'm not going to get myself attached to this place in the event it suffers the same fate as the others).Came in for lunch, and enjoyed one of their inexpensive lunch bento boxes.  Chicken teriyaki was one of the better ones I have had - nicely charred with a not-too-sweet sauce.  Spicy tuna roll tasted fresh with the right amount of heat.  Salad was made with mixed greens and a sauce that was meh.  Food came out quickly and servers were a bit on the cool side but still courteous.You'll still get better sushi in San Mateo but for San Carlos, this is a win.  Hopefully it will survive the corner's curse of death. :)
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2013,3/18/2014,29,866,2,5,4>I love that each country has their own style of Chinese food. Indian Chinese food is by far the spiciest of all of them, and it has a distinct difference from the spiciness of Southwestern Chinese cuisine, having influences from the country of curries. That, and the fact that a huge percentage of Indians are vegetarian, makes this a great place for veggie lovers as well.We came here without a reservation, but there were spaces at the bar so we decided to take them. I actually rather like sitting at the bar as I can be more casual with my food while being closer to the alcohol. Unfortunately, they were out of momos, but we ordered the Nepalese string beans, the sizzling combination veggie plate, and the firecracker beef.The Nepalese string beans were delightful -- mildly spicy with a lovely hint  of bean paste. A must-get dish! However, the sizzling veggie plate was a bit on the sweet side, despite being spicier than the string beans. The sweetness was overwhelming -- perhaps a bit too much American influence? -- I didn't want to eat too much of it after a couple bites.The mister liked the firecracker beef and ate most of it quickly.Overall I was pleased with their menu selection and the quality of the food. It was obviously Chinese food but tasted interesting because of the Indian influence. If you're at all curious about the marriage of the two cuisines (that is not Nepalese cuisine ;)), you should try out this place.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2014,3/16/2014,852,371,2,9,3>Hands down, best Japanese curry in the area. This is an extension of their widely popular location but transformed into a full-service restaurant in quiet downtown Los Altos. Most people stopped by to have lunch rather than getting boxes to-go. Arrived at 12:30 and restaurant was already packed. We added ourselves to the waitlist and after 20 minutes, we finally had seats! I went with Katsu Curry (medium spicy) with white rice and additional boiled egg. Delicious sauce, not too spicy yet the kick still exists. The katsu itself was definitely one of the better slices of pork I've had in a long time. Crispy on the outside, tender on the inside. Service was attentive and the kitchen was fast. It is indeed expensive for a simple lunch (curry and rice), but it's well worth the price. Other than the wait and small amount of seats, we enjoyed a delicious meal and I can't wait to be back again!--PHOTO: yelp.com/biz_photos/mura
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,3/15/2014,127,1093,6,12,8>Yes, I'm obsessed with thin crust pizza, so I was really excited that this place was opening on Castro.  They use 00 flour, which is supposed to be the best, and their crust is awesome.  You get a great view of the pizza oven in the back, and they have a full bar up front.We tried 3 pizzas for 4 people, and we had some leftovers..1. Salsiccia e Friarielli: broccoli rabe, crumbled sausage, and burrata.   The burrata was pretty amazing, and the ratio of greens to sausage was perfect.2. Capricciosa: mozzarella, salame, artichokes, black olives, basil, and farm egg.  I'm not a huge olive fan, but every other part of it was good (especially the egg!)3. Pizza di Angelo: proscuitto, mushrooms, arugula, shaved parmigiano reggiano, truffle oil.  This one was my favorite by far since I love mushrooms and proscuitto. It was really lean proscuitto, and the whole pizza had a lot of flavor.All of the crusts had a good bite to them, and they were thin but not soggy. The pizza fritta looks interesting, and I definitely want to try the arancini next time. The owner came by to check on us multiple times and seemed generally invested in our experience.  He even gave us a free tiramisu at the end.  Service was polite and prompt, and everyone was so pleasant.  Even though they just opened, it was packed on a rainy Wednesday night.  I'm so glad to have this addition to Castro, and I can't wait to come back and try more of the menu!
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,3/14/2014,104,94,7,14,11>Phenomenal! I had the free regular milk tea with pearls with the green milk tea. I loved them both. The quality and flavor of both the milk tea and the included boba is superior in my opinion to the other milk tea spots. I'm a regular milk tea addict, this place beats Fantasia or Tapioca Express in my mind. I will definitely be coming back.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,3/13/2014,35,108,5,10,7>I'm not big on sweets, but am a huge fan of macarons. I've been on the hunt for good macarons in the South Bay and so far have been disappointed (all the macarons I've tried elsewhere are too sweet, too dry and too one note). Thankfully I found Chantal Guillon! The shop is everything I would expect from a cute macaron shop; clean, well organized with super cute displays. They're flavor selection was impressive and quite overwhelming (in a good way!)My friend and I purchased a box to share and 2 coffees. A few of the flavors we tried were almond, coconut, salted caramel, hazelnut and persian rose. Our coffee drinks included a bacetti gelato bite, which was a nice surprise. We both decided on salted caramel.The macarons were wonderful. The shell was crisp, tender and not too sweet which I really appreciate. The fillings had great flavor and were not one note. While we were enjoying out macarons the gentlemen at the front brought us an extra plate of macarons (including raspberry and orange) to enjoy! He said he wanted to make sure we had a wonderful experience! Picking a favorite flavor is tough because they were all delicious...Raspberry- the perfect balance of sweet and tartOrange- the perfect balance of sweet and tart. We loved the fresh orange flavorRose- just sweet enough with the perfect balance of roseHazelnut- great hazelnut flavorSalted Carmel- good balance of sweet and saltyAlmond- great marzipan flavorThe black coffee was a great accompaniment to the macarons. It was nice and strong.The incredible service and friendly staff made our experience even more memorable. I can't wait to go back.*They also carry Mariage Freres Tea which is lovely
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,6/25/2011,186,252,8,10,10>Complimentary soup and salad? Cool! This alone keeps the people coming back, and they do come - our party of 3 came here at 6:30 on a Thursday night and had to wait 20 minutes for a table. Joy's rolls are large and in charge! LOL Forget going to a place to get the most delicious and freshest sashimi - I just want to indulge on these types of sushi rolls and Joy's has about a gazillion combinations of them! I do prefer to come with more than 2 people so I can taste a variety instead of just having one for myself. I couldn't even tell you a favorite - I like too many. But I'm not a fan of my rolls covered in any kind of "special sauce." I'm sure Joy's special sauce is good - it's just a personal preference. Joy's is big restaurant with an upstairs for larger parties and a sushi bar and smaller tables downstairs. They've got the typical entree dishes here, too but come for the rolls if you've got that craving.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2011,6/24/2011,258,234,6,7,7>Family owned,cute Japanese market,if you need to find fresh fish for sashimi,sushi, or any Japanese specialty food items,this is the place to go to in San Mateo. they also have prepared foods like bento boxes, sushi rolls, cuts of sashimi. My favorite here is the spicy tuna bowl. It's like crack, so addicting. They only make it once in awhile. I usually call in to preorder it, so fresh. They stop preparing and making food around 1-2ish pm, so call ahead of time. About an hour before closing, Suruki has a 50% off deal on most of their prepared foods that have not been bought throughout the day, like their bento boxes, onigiris, cooked fish, sushi, sashimi, etc. It get's pretty crazy, people usually like up 30 minutes before they announce their 50% off specials. All the people lined up, and when they make the announcement, you get whatever you can grab. You see people, like me,  strategizing on what items I want. It's like that game show, Supermarket Sweep.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2011,6/23/2011,447,342,6,10,9>It was my first time here and I was a bit confused at first - I paid and the lady handed me 2 empty cups. White bf looked at me and asked me what to do (he just assumes this is a bobba place and I am Asian ---- I should know what to do)...well, we read the instructions on the board and finally figured the system out =). We went over to the "buffet" section to pick our jellies! YUM!!!! I didn't want to overload like MOST people do, I just had the big balls and Lychee with my almond milk tea. Super delicious. For $1.99 a regular sized cup, you can't go wrong. This is a cute hang out spot. I will have to come back again!!!
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2011,6/22/2011,100,285,21,31,31>A couple of friends and I went to the Stanford last night to catch Judy Garland and Mickey Rooney in "Babes in Arms" (1939), a part of their Hollywood Musical Festival, which is running through July 4.  The Stanford often runs film festivals, featuring movies in a particular genre, or the works of a certain director or actor.This single screen movie house is truly a bay area gem.  Located in the heart of downtown Palo Alto, amidst bustling restaurants, cafes and shops, it's the perfect way to enjoy some old-time Hollywood classics on the big screen, in a truly unique and beautiful theatre.  The interior is done in an Egyptian temple theme, the lobby areas are all clean and well kept, and you'll see some pretty cool vintage movie posters hanging on the walls, and in the vintage movie poster gallery off the main lobby.   I've seen many films here, some for the first time, and some old favorites revisited.  Either way, they are infinitely more memorable when seen here than if seen as videos on a TV screen.  There is something magical about the light shining through the silver particles, the sound, and seeing the films with an actively involved audience - something intangible, but perfect.  I still remember seeing "Casablanca" for the first time.  It was at the Stanford.  The audience applauded when Rick (Humphrey Bogart) first appeared, and when he shot Major Strasser (Conrad Veidt).  At the very end, when Rick and Major Renault (Claude Rains) walk off into the fog with one of the most memorable exit lines in movie history ("Louis, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship."), the audience gave a standing ovation!  A Christmas tradition -- don't miss "It's a Wonderful Life" at the Stanford.  You haven't lived until you've seen it on the big screen!
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2011,6/21/2011,641,501,9,9,10>Surprisingly hip place for San Mateo.GREAT music.  Loud enough to want to move to, but for some reason, not so loud so you can still carry on a conversation.Really happening on a Tuesday night.Located under Attic the restaurant... It's not huge, but has ample seating and tasty cocktails.  It was raining the night we were there and it was really nice being able to look out to the rainy streets of San Mateo while sipping my yummy libation, listening to totally rocking music, and having terrific chats.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,6/20/2011,656,1338,5,7,7>I stopped in here last week to pick a up a few items since i couldn't make it to a mid-week farmers market. I've been to the other Sigona's and definitely prefer this one. There's a much larger variety of everything: produce, wine, cheese,nuts, etc. We purchased great strawberries (local & organic), a few huge artichokes and some sweet corn. They also sell organic chicken, and grass fed beef. I still prefer my produce from the farmers market, but this was a fantastic substitute!
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2011,6/19/2011,438,126,2,6,2>My gf and I stumbled upon this little dessert shop when we decided we'd rather not sit in the first row of a packed movie. =P So, what to do with a night shot with a couple down because they can't see jay chou kick ass with seth green busy causing laughs? We get dessert!Given it was a Friday night, the place was really crowded, luckily we were in the right place at the right time and the moment we walked in we were greeted and brought to an empty table. Their menu is like most classic asian dessert places - full of nearly all the imaginable! From hot foods, to puddings and of course the infamous egg puffs! Within moments of being seated, we were given hot tea and a couple quick suggestions and were left alone to browse the menu. They also have a remote system that I've only seen in a few restaurants where you can call for service to order, get water refilled or get your bill for each individual table.On to the food! I ordered the Mango and aloe fruit mix  with an egg puff and she got a popular dessert with green tea ice cream, slush, honey dew and aloe. Surprisingly within a minute we got our egg puff and devoured half of it within the first minute or so. It was so fluffy, warm and filling! I almost forgot that we got other dishes by the time we were half way through with the puff cause I was just about to order another when both our dessert bowls arrived and our jaws dropped and eyes popped wide open! The bowls were filled above the brim with fruit and the combination of slush and aloe! The mango mix with aloe tasted really refreshing, however, I could tell the fruit wasn't exactly fresh, possibly due to being out of season or not ripened enough because my strawberries were really soft and tasteless while my melon was really ripe and tough. But the fruit was just a garnish compared to what entire bowl so it wasn't that big of a deal. Great place to grab a quick, filling and resfreshing dessert. The staff are really nice, polite and, they are very prompt in answering the buzzer;never had to wait more than a few seconds until someone came by. PS: they only accept cash and seating can get really crowded during peak hours! Parking is located in the parking structure right next door, which is free after 6pm daily!
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2011,6/17/2011,196,1936,3,17,9>i had just seen a show about the chinese population in calcutta when i came across this yelp entry, and since i was in the area, i thought that i had to try this.  my husband is not usually a fan of chinese food, but he LOVES indo-chinese food.we got the sweet corn pepper salt app, spring rolls, the chili garlic noodles, and the hunan mixed veg (in my honor).  to start, they also bring you some pickled cabbage and cucumbers, which were good and quite spicy.  i thought the pepper salt corn could have used more black pepper flavoring.  i usually love salt and pepper shrimp, fish, or calamari, so i would like to try their version of the shrimp or fish next time.  the spring rolls were good but could have come w/ a sweet and spicy dipping sauce.  the noodles were very good and was exactly the way my husband wanted it.  the mixed veg were typical of something we would get at a chinese restaurant, but i'm not sure it was "hunan" style.overall, i think the cuisine is something that would appeal to indians who are craving their version of chinese food, and it's pretty good.  it just opened, so it was pretty empty when we were there, so service was very attentive and friendly.  i hope that more people will come here, because there is definitely a demand for this type of food in the bay area.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,6/16/2011,258,441,6,8,10>Love it here!  Love it.  Whenever we are walking together day or night... rain or shine... Festival, Farmers Market, or for no good reason at all... I can't help but daydream about raising a family here in Redwood City.  The people are down to earth, the town is clean, whoever plans the events here has what it takes to pull together excellent vendors and a great crowd to enjoy it all with. Seeing children riding their little bikes in the square, couples holding hands, people standing around with their drinks chatting and people watching... great music playing in the background... Oh and there isn't graffiti here!  Man, I don't miss San Jose at all.  The police officers are friendly here and the square is clean.  It also amazes me that a city in the Bay Area can have beautiful little bistro sets sitting around in a town square that people actually respect and take care of as they enjoy them.  Great town, Good people!
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2011,6/15/2011,1187,969,7,7,7>Randomly looking online last night for yet more Fro-Yo and Ice Cream places to feed my ever growing obsession I discovered that this place  was due to open today, checking out their website it all looked really good so I decided that today after my regular workout I would then cycle the 7 mile round trip to go and try them out. I know, you must be thinking ''WTF, You crazy woman??!'' right about now but my reasoning for this is that I then wouldn't feel so bad at having a treat I wouldn't normally have during the week. Guilt aside I am glad I went.The store is so cute and clean inside with lovely white chairs and tables each with a glass flower display on (yelp.com/biz_photos/vs8v). And the food - wow! It all looked amazing and so well presented.The lady owner was so friendly to customers entering and encouraging samples of the Gelato. Unfortunately though they do not have the self serve Fro-Yo here which I read their Fremont store has but everything is made fresh in store!I sampled 2 Gelato and order. ME: Ooooh, Could I have a single Lime Coconut please?NICE LADY: Single is for child. It very small. You can choose 2 flavour.ME: Oh ok. I only want a very small portion. A little of Lime Coconut and the Cookie and Cream then.NICE LADY: Ok!There was obviously some confusion between us as I thought I was getting the smallest but when I get to the till I then get charged for a larger size and I mention I only want their smallest. The staff are friendly and rectify it for me though. Reading their website between now and Sunday you get a free scoop of Gelato with each order anyway so remember this when you go in as I think they might only give it if you mention it.Unlike most store's they then bring your order to the table for you which is very nice so I take a seat and my Gelato arrives. (yelp.com/biz_photos/vs8v)The Gelato is good.. like really good! It's so creamy and tastes just like Ice Cream, but not quite as bad for you.The Lime Coconut is the perfect balance. Now I love Coconut and not a fan of Lime at all but the flavours work so well together and left me wanting more. The Cookie's and Cream is much the same as anywhere else - made with OREO (huge chunks!) but the texture a lot creamier. Mmmm yum!I also sampled the Amarena Cherry which had I been having ''a fat day'' I would have gone for a larger size and had that too! There are so many flavours that look so appetizing I certainly plan to try more. Flavours include Orange, Pistachio, Sesame, Lavender, Taro Red Velvet.. the list goes on! (yelp.com/biz_photos/vs8v)They also serve Sandwiches, Tarts, Cookies, Salads, Cakes, Coffee even little bags of sweets and Mochi which makes me very happy. I read the reviews for their Fremont store and people mention they are pricey. I would say slightly more so than some of the local Fro-Yo places but it is worth it. Here is a quick breakdown of a few prices:Gelato:Single (apparently just for Children) - $3.75. Then each additional scoop an extra $1 each.Pint - $11Cake Cone - $0.45cWaffle Cone - $0.75cWaffle Bowl - $1.25Chocolate Waffle Bowl - $1.75Waffle Cup - $2.00Banana Split - $7.25Whole Cakes start at $21.50 up to $38.50 and range from 4"-8"Tarts and Cookies $1.95 - $2.50Sandwiches - $6.25Coffee $2.00 - $3.50 and Milkshakes - $5.75 I cannot wait to go back and drag hubby along to sample more of their lovely treats! In the meantime time for an extra run to work off what the cycle didn't!!** Don't forget FREE scoop of Gelato with each order between now and Sunday!!! **
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2011,9/16/2011,145,327,8,9,10>YES! This place rawks.I've come to learn that there is no life for the night owl, outside of their home or local Dennys. I was hanging out with Val S. in Palo Alto when our cafe closed and we were forced out promptly at 11 pm. But where else would we get shelter and a snack and free wifi at this hour?11 pm is much too early for a night roamer like myself. And the City of Palo Alto shuts down around 10:30 pm so 11 pm was pushing it. Luckily, we Yelp App-ed the heck out of yogurt/coffee/boba places within a 10 mile radius that were "open now."That's when Gelayo Gusto came to our rescue. With less than an hour til their closing time, we deliberated for a bit before rushing over, having to exit and enter the freeway once on the way to bypass night time construction (damn that stuff). We entered, triumphantly with 20 minutes to spare. We were on a mission and we accomplished it thanks to Gelayo and the nice owner who stayed open just slightly past 12 am. I hope to come back, at a more decent hour, to get some yogurt and have time to enjoy it. Thanks for staying open late, Gelayo!
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,9/15/2011,47,721,4,5,5>I've been loving Heidi's blueberry sourcream pie since I was young. I know it sounds strange and only a weirdo like me would like it BUT EVERYONE I've taken to Heidi's or brought a pie to has loved this pie!!! I think at least 20 people so you know its good. The sourcream compliments the sweetness of the blueberries and accents the creaminess of the perfectly made custard with every bite. Even the crust is heavenly.There is only one man who makes ALL of the pies every morning. His recipe is safe with him. He goes in 365 days a year and makes over 20 different pies a day. How many of each pie I'm not sure but he makes them! I've also tried the cherry pie and it was a little too tart for me. The custard did compliment it but I wished there was more because it was a little too sour for me. Their seasonal strawberry pie is really good. Since they use fresh strawberries, the fruit could be a little more ripe but its always good with the custard and coated in the sugary film. Very mom and pop pie shop that is open 24 hours a day. They have a huge menu of breakfast, lunch and dinner items so don't Michelin star food here. It's simple, stick to your stomach, make you happy food :).
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2011,9/14/2011,1187,969,4,7,5>Came by here at the weekend for a very enjoyable dinner. When we first arrived we noticed it was very quiet with just 3 tables seated but don't let the quiet restaurant put you off - they were super busy with take out and delivery orders while we were there dining.FOOD:Hubby and I ordered a few of our usual dishes - Sweet & Sour Chicken (yelp.com/biz_photos/AQG-), Kung Pao Chicken (yelp.com/biz_photos/AQG-) and Combination Rice (yelp.com/biz_photos/AQG-). First thing - Portions are BIG!The 2 Chicken dishes were packed full with fresh crunchy vegetables and a very generous amount of Chicken, both very tasty. The Rice was a mixture of everything - Pork, Chicken, Shrimp, Egg, Pea's & Carrots. It wasn't as good as we've had in other places and I'm sad to say the vegetables tasted like they were frozen, I didn't have any of the Shrimp but hubby said he thought they might be Frozen also but it was still enjoyable nonetheless.SERVICE:I love the service at Chinese restaurants for one simple reason - the servers always know when you want to be left alone and our waiter here was great. He determined what we would be drinking right at the beginning of our visit and only stopped by our table to refill them without interrupting us. No stopping by every 2 minutes to see if 'everything is ok?'. There was no need, it was obvious we were enjoying our meal. Very attentive without being in your face - excellent.The food is really good value too as the 3 huge dishes (too much for 2 people!) was only $25. I really enjoyed our meal and will definitely being going back as the food is very much like the Chinese I miss from back in England which makes my tummy very happy!
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,9/13/2011,275,727,16,19,19>Screw pastrami, I hear their burgers kick major booty! My wife and our friend however were zero'd in on getting pastrami. But I will show them and get a burger. Because everyone here knows that this is the year of the burger. Well, forget that! I am now a pastrami convert.Let's just say it. The Refuge is worthy of every single five star rating you read.  This includes the burger which even though the menu reads "All burgers cooked to medium well", if you ask for medium rare (or rare as I did), they will do it. And as requested, my brie burger was cooked to absolute perfection. It was red as a San Carlos fire engine! Juicy and flavorful my burger was amazing. But I will never get it again, because there is something better to be had here.P A S T R A M IMy wife calmly ordered the Rueben and our friend the "Toasted Slaw" and they had a plan. They would split halves and enjoy the best of both worlds. The minute I saw their sandwiches I knew at that moment that my love affair with my burger was over. I took bites of both and it was absolutely amazing! The pastrami was full of flavor and not over peppered. It had me literally begging for more. UNREAL!Oh, the fries? Yes! A major league home run! But the pastrami sandwiches were the star and I barely even made a dent in my side of fries. And I haven't even touched on the awesome beer selection! The best Belgian collection I have seen outside the country of Belgium! All this and I haven't even gotten to the bread pudding yet! Rasberry, caramel dipping sauces! OH YEAHHHHH!!!The Refuge lives up to the hype. My wife even commented the next day that she would have been perfectly happy going back the very next night, as to which I have to agree. 5 Power Stars!
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2011,9/12/2011,258,441,7,8,6>Could this be my NEW FAVORITE SUSHI PLACE?!  I think it just might be!For the first time since we moved to the Peninsula, Zak & I FINALLY had a hankerin for some sushi...  Thanks to Yelp we found Kobe!  Zak said it was the CLEAR choice just around the corner in Foster City.  "We live around the corner from Foster City now?!???"  I asked.  Obviously I am still getting familiar with our new stomping grounds, hee hee. Located in the corner of a sweet little eclectic shopping center that is REALLY easy to get to - you'll find Kobe!  From our parking spot I saw how quaint of a place this was.  They had Christmas lights hanging in the windows and some eucalyptus stalks lining the windows as well creating a magnificently romantic vibe. Greeted right as we entered with a Japanese welcome by all the staff and promptly seated in the corner by the window...  All the other people who entered after us had a quick and clever japanese reply to the greeting.   After witnessing this several times we concluded that we need to pay closer attention to the things being said so we can have a quick japanese reply like everyone else.  You know, since we plan to become regulars here too . =0) Zak commented that it felt like we were first dating again... The feeling in here was so romantic - might have had something to do with the lighting and the whimsical music playing, but I immediately agreed with him.  He said it was like our 3rd date all over again.  To which I blushed and said "oh, 3rd date?  That means we're gonna have sex!!"  They have a deliciously full selection of things Japanese to enjoy.  It took me a moment to decide if I was going to stick with my Sushi craving or if I wanted to switch gears and order a traditional Japanese Steakhouse dish.  Decisions decisions!  Our server was fantastic!  We never felt overwhelmed with check-ins and were never left wanting.  She came at just the right moments and was very sweet. I got the Miso soup (always a staple) which was different and had those little almost spaghetti like cap mushrooms in it.  Different and delectable!  YUM! We also ordered a salad that I cannot remember the name of right now... Dynamite something?  If you are not a fan of cucumbers or tomatoes like Zak, then you might want to avoid ordering this salad.  hee hee  I had to take one for the team and rescue him from both.  The Baby Ball Roll was SO GOOD!  Spicy Tempura Scallops with Cream Cheese and spicy sauce in a soy wrap - THE BOMB!  I could have eaten 2 orders of it for sure! The other rolls we had were so fresh and yummy too, but the GRANDE FINALE was the Tempura Green Tea Ice cream.  The presentation was so fun too!  Drizzled in chocolate sauce and cut into 4 pieces perfect for the two of us.  I enjoyed a TRULY exquisite glass of Sake too!  Yakamanote or something - It boasts watermelon flavor and a full bodied taste with a bitter finish in the description - you won't miss it on the menu.  $9 for a glass and worth EVERY cent.  I will be back again soon to see the name of it because I've never tasted a Sake that I could sip like a fine wine before.  So smooth & delicious!  I'd like to have a bottle at home.MmmMMMMmmmmmmmmmmmm, Kobe, I do believe I'm in love!
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,9/11/2011,143,314,6,9,11>I hadn't been to The Wine Room in a long time and recently returned on an evening out with my BFF.  Everything was exactly as I remembered: soft dimmed candle lights and comfy sofas; intimate and cozy and absolutely inviting.  I am in love with the ambiance here.Last time I was here they didn't have an official wine list but now they do.  However, sit at the bar and talk to the wine sommelier.  They will give you great suggestions and even offer ideas that are not on the menu.On this particular evening, John was helping us and he was a pleasure.  His customer service was top notch.  He helped me chose my wines and allowed me to try various ones until I found something that I liked.  After discussing our preferences with him, he gave us a taste of something off the menu.  We had such a great time that at the end of the evening, BFF and I couldn't even keep track of how many glasses we've had.The Wine Room is a gem in Palo Alto.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2011,9/10/2011,562,1006,3,10,8>We are always on the lookout for new sushi to try near us since we have yet to find a real go-to close by, so we decided to come here for lunch today.  Both my fiance & I enjoyed our food and we felt like the price was reasonable for the amount of food.   My fiance had the special bento ("Oh My Bento") which was $7.95 and had chicken teriyaki, 4 small-ish California rolls, 2 gyoza and soup, salad, and rice.   It was a good deal for all that food, but he didn't have any choice in what he got.   Regular 2 item bento boxes are $8.95 (still a reasonable price but not quite as good a deal).   There was a lot of selection of rolls, including standard rolls & sashimi, lots of special Americanized rolls and a good selection of vegetarian rolls, including asparagus, avocado, cucumber, shitake, mixed veggie and veggie tempura.  There were also some cooked rolls including shrimp tempura and chicken teriyaki.   I had the avocado rolls ($3) & the veggie tempura rolls ($5.50).  The avocado rolls were standard and a bit on the small side, but the veggie tempura roll was very big (5 pieces) and was excellent.  It included broccoli, carrot, and something else (zucchini maybe?)    My fiance liked his food as well, especially the gyoza.  The chicken teriyaki was on the tough/chewy side.   Service was very friendly and prompt and the place was clean & cute inside, although it looked  a little sketchy from the outside.  There was no one else there while we were eating lunch, so I hope more people discover this place so it can stay in business.   Bottom line: It wasn't the best sushi we've ever had, but it was tasty & quite affordable, and we will definitely come back.   I appreciated the large selection of veggie/cooked rolls (there's just a large selection in general - its a 7 page menu).
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2011,9/9/2011,1175,863,7,7,7>Holy crap, this stuff is good! I had key lime and pineapple yogurts swirled today. It was fricking delicious. I'm super impressed by their serving sizes too - a small is actually quite large! It's rare these days to actually get your money's worth at a frozen yogurt joint...most of em are getting all uppity and stingy. One complaint though - there's no hot water in the faucet in the bathroom. I damn near died of hypothermia after eating my yogurt and then washing my hands. In HMB in January. Too much cold! O_o
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2011,9/8/2011,447,342,7,9,8>Before coming here, I did a bit of Yelp Research and came across Joraine's Do's and Dont's at HKFL.  I am glad she posted that up so I can "prepare" myself ahead of time.  I wasn't expecting too much based on some of the negative reviews I read about, but thought I'd give it a try anyway.  We waited no more than 20 minutes before being seated (I guess we got lucky that day).  I think I've ordered everything on the menu.  Our waitress was amazing! I don't remember having such a friendly waitress at any Dim Sum places.  She was friendly and brought us whatever we asked for.  The food was good, too.  This is for sure one of the places I'll take my friends to when they come visit.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2011,9/7/2011,74,29,9,10,4>My husband and I had a craving for pizza one night.  We don't often order pizza and we were being snobbish enough to not want anything from the national chain joints.  So we yelped and came across the good ratings for Maldonado's. We were surprised about the good ratings because we live about 2 blocks away and it's in a fairly sketchy block of Mountain View so it just never occurred to us that there was anything worth getting in that little strip mall, but we decided to give it a try since we have faith in our fellow Yelpers and it was very close to home. We pull up to the front of the pizza place and almost wanted to turn right back around.  We arrive to a few questionable looking teenage kids loitering around looking angry about life at a really young age and with their bikes sprawled and upturned along the sidewalk.  It was decided we were going to go in because no matter how unpleasant the kids looked the sun was still out for a little while and there were a lot of other people going in and out of the area.  Odds were they're just being angst-y teenagers loitering around trying to be cool.  I digress... We went in and it looked like they were really busy.  Our order was brusquely taken by a seemingly annoyed looking clerk.  So, we were really questioning the decision we made at this point.  After putting in an order for a Maldonano's Special we were shortly told that it would be ready in 15-20 minutes.  Since we live so close we decided to drop off our groceries and come back to pick up our pizza.  My husband and I discussed how we might have made a huge mistake and had major doubts about the people who gave the place great reviews on Yelp.  Twenty minutes later my husband goes back to pick up the pizza and he said it was a completely different experience.  My husband said it seemed like they had just gotten over a major rush because everyone seemed a lot more relaxed and he was really pleasantly greeted when he returned.  The pizza was AMAZING.  A nice thin crust with a really nice crisp crunch.  It had the perfect amount of tomato sauce.  The toppings tasted like they were fresh and good quality ingredients.  It was definitely one of the best pizzas I've had outside of NYC.  It will definitely become our go to pizza place in the future.  Sincere apologies to my fellow Yelpers.  I should have never lost faith in your reviews! Once again your guidance has lead me to another great place for a great meal. :p
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2011,4/12/2011,213,599,2,7,9>Shabuway, oh lord! How much do I love you? Apparently, I love you enough to give you 5 stars. Love the fatty premium meat. I love you like fat kid loves cake. I love you like it's the end of the world. I love you because I love Japanese Shabu. I love... love..., "I'm so sorry that I love you so much..."How good does it get? Well, i just had lunch here and I walked in when the shop opened @ 11:30. This place definitely ain't a disappointment. It's easier to find parking during the day then at night. Apparently, as soon as I walked in, the waitresses already had the menu ready and counter with "how many people, sir?" "Oh, two?. Fine, table or bar?" "Sure... Spicy miso, or non spicy?" Sure... BAMM!!! within 2 mins, everything was on my table and all I need to do is order the type of meat. They didn't even give me enough time to say "oh @!#$, i probably walked into the wrong restaurant!". LOL, I kid... Apparently they did not have the Premium Large Beef that was on the menu and the lady apologized many times for it. I ordered the Large Kobe Beef Lunch and it was just as good. The plate was definitely much more compared to Shabu House in Burlingame. Also the meat quality was definitely better in comparison to Shabu House. Upon comparison of both places, I think this place is more of a scream, "SHABUWAY FTMFW!" (if you don't know what stands for, check urban dictionary). Pros:-Generous amount of meat...-Good Spicy Miso Soup Base, and allows you to do combo package...-Attentive service! The ladies came to heck on us every 5-10 mins. Also even cleared out that nasty beef particle that gets in your soup base. Cons:-i'm a fan of udon, they didn't serve that in the vege platter...-No Pork, or Lamb for those who don't eat beef because of religious reasons... -No special appetizers like Shabu House. Hmmm...... -LASTLY, WHY DO YOU MAKE ME LOVE THIS PLACE DO MUCH MORE?Honestly, what more can you ask for? Good Service, good food, and uhh... pure love of Shabu! Oh, they also have a good taste for Jpop by playing some nice Ayumi Hamasaki remixes. =) I'm down... GRUB GRUB!
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2011,4/11/2011,562,1006,7,7,8>(Review #300!)Yum! My bf & I came here today for our weekly lunch date & were quite pleased.  We split: avocado rolls, vegetable tempura rolls, and a three-item bento box of vegetarian gyoza, chicken katsu, and California rolls.  The bento box also came with salad, miso soup, rice & edamame.  It ended up being a LOT of food, but we were starving and so we ate it all and were pleasantly full but not stuffed afterwards.  Everything we had was tasty and satisfying.   I especially liked the gyoza, which I'd never had before, and the chicken katsu, which was super crispy and some of the best I've ever had.   For all that food it came out to be about $12 each, including tip & tax, which is quite reasonable.   Service was very nice and friendly as well - we'll definitely be back when we have a sushi craving in Mtn View.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2010,4/10/2011,111,233,3,7,4>Our intentions were to dance our booties off and we succeeded. Most people hate walking into a vacant and lonely club. Not us, we actually enjoyed walking in around 10:30pm (no cover) on a Friday night and being the only ones. Well with the exception of a group of overly dressed up (just turned 21) girls who were more concerned about posing for pictures of each other. We felt as if we owned the place, the five of us walked in and took over. By midnight the place was packed. But for an hour or so it was just us and let me tell you it was epic. There were dance moves that no man has ever seen before. The outside patio area is very nice - I was impressed. The mini grotto waterfall was lovely. Overall the idea of this place is spot on. My only complaint was the very sad and pathetic bartenders. Sorry guys but you gotta step up your game & quick. We waited and waited and waited for our drinks and this was when it was just us - before the crowds. They seemed to be struggling with the computer they use to ring up the drink orders. Hope they can work out the kinks soon because this place definitely has potential to last awhile. Good DJ, great ambiance and fun times for sure.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2010,4/9/2011,438,269,4,12,9>I came here for an early Christmas lunch with some co-workers.  I called to make a reservation and they hooked me up with a nice, secluded table for our group of 8.  I liked the "at home" feel of the restaurant and also the super friendly and helpful wait staff.  We took all their recommendations and had a really awesome lunch. Here are some of my favorite things:Appetizer Platter - This is a HUGE sampler of all the Antipasti on their menu.  It was more than enough for 8 of us to share.  If you were just going to get one appetizer, the Arancini e Crocche (deep fried potato cake with melted cheese inside) is sooo yummy!Strozzapreti - I was able to sample almost all the pasta dishes they offer and this one was amazing!  It's rolled and twisted pasta, prosciutto, mushrooms, and peas with a cream sauceAll their pasta is cooked to perfection and the sauces are really flavorful!  I also enjoyed their panini.  I wasn't a fan of the desserts though (hence the loss of one star).  The teramisu and Nutella calzone were a bit bland.  The cheesecake had a nice orange flavor, but it was nothing special.Overall, I would come back to this place.  It was the best Italian food I've had in a while.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2011,4/7/2011,438,126,14,14,12>Around noon the other day I checked my yelp app for some yummy Italian desserts to find the announcement "Tiramisu ice cream is ready" on Romolo's C&S's page! So, first off, mega props for having daily updates about their freshly made desserts! That day I rushed over to grab some cannoli and some of their delicious delicious spumoni. Racing against the clock I accidentally overshot the turn by one block! I got there at 6:29 panting and gasping only to be welcomed with a "Hey, what can I get for you!" I apologized for rushing in at closing but he simply responded saying it was okay and encouraged me to take my time!! I got a couple cannolis, a big slice of tiramisu and a quart of spumoni. It was seriously a battle for me to keep myself from digging into the desserts right there and then; but I put them in the back seat where I couldn't reach them so I'd have some left for my gf at home. We started out with the cannoli and both of us loved the nice crunch of the chocolate shell along with the creamy and tasty ricotta filling. I seriously forget what we had for dinner that night because our dessert was seriously that mindblowing =P We then continued our road to becoming fatties by each getting a big bowl full of freshly made spumoni. I'm usually not a fan of cherry flavored anything, but when combined with pistachio and chocolate ice cream I'm simply a victim to my taste buds. Truly an amazing combination of flavors, if you haven't tried it you're really missing out!If the tiramisu thought it was safe since we were so full, it was clearly wrong...we let it sit in the refrigerator giving it a false sense of security only to snatch up later that night to dig right into it. Each bite was filled with a rich and creamy filling that complemented the slightly moistened lady fingers. You need to try this place if:You're reading this review.You like good desserts! You have a closet sweet tooth like me ;D
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2010,4/6/2011,258,441,7,6,10>Zak & I will be back for dinner in the Attic sometime for sure.  The "Under Attic" experience was confusing at first, but once we sat down and were introduced to the Happy Hour Menu & the Southern Drawl drink... We were happy as clams.  I recommend the Southern Drawl drink (which will probably leave you WITH a SOUTHERN DRAWL after you drink it) & the Calamari!  Both the guys working the bar were really friendly & attentive!  KUDOS to the sweet little piece of action during Happy Hour at Under Attic!  ***** 5 STARS to witnessing this: While sitting there at the bar enjoying our drinks & apps - a seemingly homeless and/or mentally handicapped man entered the doorway.  The man stood there with this puzzled look on his face sort of looking around inside - sort of like a little kid at Santa's workshop I'd imagine...  He took a step inside and let out a chuckle when he saw the TV on the wall and then looked at our drinks and smiled and said "oh wow".  That is when I noticed the bar guys stand up and take notice.   I thought UH OH at first.  Not sure if they were going to rudely escort him out as a disturbance, ya know? So I watched intently.  SO CUTE!  The guy grabbed a menu and casually walked over to the man and said "hi, there - can i get you a table?"  The sweet little man just looked up and grunted in confusion and then turned and walked out.  That was the kindest way to handle that situation.  I was impressed!  a FAN, I am,  INDEED!
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2011,4/5/2011,186,252,6,8,7>On our way to the new Sur La Table in Burlingame, we stopped by Blush.Wow - large, clean, and bright space with three huge flat screen tv's playing Disney movies. The plastic couches and end tables were actually clean and not stained - I wouldn't mind sitting on them.This is the second frozen yogurt place that I've seen selling Mitchell's ice cream. But unlike the other frozen yogurt place, Yogurt Circle in Daly City, Blush has six of the more typical flavors - grasshopper pie, pistachio, chocolate, etc.  The same goes for their frozen yogurt flavors - original, mint chocolate, vanilla, and cookies and cream. But they did have guava, and that's what we got. And it was really good, and I don't even care too much for guava! The bf thought there wasn't enough guava flavor - maybe that's why I liked it so much. Nothing tasted artificial, not too tart, and the consistency is pretty thick, almost like custard. It hardly melted as we ate it. Yum! If you're indecisive, you can get up to three flavors for each size. We didn't get toppings this time - extra $1 if you want it. The smallest size starts at $3 for Blush original, $3.50 for a flavored frozen yogurt. Not one of the cheaper froyo places, but you can definitely taste the difference in quality.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2010,4/4/2011,656,1338,5,9,9>Had a late lunch here on Sun. and was once again very pleased with my meal. The restaurant was pretty busy, but luckily our friend had gotten there a little earlier and put us on the list. I had a artichoke and goat cheese omelet, with fruit, and an English muffin. I appreciated that the English muffin came out dry as I requested, since this doesn't always happen. The flavors were good, I liked the way my eggs were cooked, and I LOVED the awesome french fries I stole from my guy. I also tasted my friend's croque monsieur, and found that pretty tasty as well. All in all, a solid breakfast/lunch spot. Good food, reasonably priced, and great service. They kept our glasses refilled, and we got our food pretty quickly.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2010,4/3/2011,836,728,10,12,12>Ordered: - INSALATA DI CESARE (caesar salad) $7- TORTELLINI AL PROSCIUTTO (stuffed pasta with prosciutto, cream and peas) $13.25- RAVIOLINI DI SPINACI AL POMODORO (spinach ravioli with cheese and fresh tomatoes) $13.25Came on a Thursday evening with a 6pm reservation, and there was no one at the restaurant! o.O But by the time we had left, around 7pm, it started to get busy. Their menu with all the Italian dish names made me disoriented... haha It made me feel like I was in Italy again, having no clue what the words meant.Dinner: My friend and I split the caesar salad. Decent size. It was nice they split it onto two plates. We had lots of warm bread before our entree. haha When our entrees arrived, it was piping HOT!!! I loved my tortellinis with little chunks of prosciutto! I could barely even eat half of my plate! Yummy food! :DDessert: I was too full! O_O I had read how the hazelnut flan was suppose to be good, but booo it had chocolate! :(Grazie Osteria! I'm glad I got to try Osteria in PA! Overall, I really enjoyed my dinner here!  Service was great and the staff was super-friendly! My co-worker recommended this place and I was a bit hesitant because there were a lot of really good and really bad reviews; and it wasn't very consistent.Tips:- Make reservationsGo green: take VTA #35
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2011,4/2/2011,674,366,6,7,7>Finally a place in downtown PA which isn't as cramped and crowded as any other place there.Huge well-lighted booths.Fast and welcoming servers.Excellent appetizers. You may need to ask which drinks are in the happy hour list if you're there for happy hour because they don't list it down.Prawn & Scallops = heavenly especially with butter. Calamari with Jalapenos = seems to be a lot for 2 people.I can't remember the names of the drinks I had there but they were so-so.. They focus mainly on tequila mixed drinks.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2010,11/4/2010,69,23,5,8,6>Have you ever been walking down the street and found a one hundred dollar bill. Wow, if you have then you know what it feels like to be extremely happy, excited and hyper all at once.Finding this hair salon is like find two hundred dollars. Walking past is like find 50. It smell awesome. The service is friendly. And let me tell you I'm pretty picky when it comes to my hair. But the owner/empoyee asked me what I wanted and got my hair down just to the size I wanted.Then I went in for the mani and pedicure. Again the person who was doing it wasn't serious or angry like they are at other salons. The lady was happy, joyful and quite relaxed. What an experience!
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2010,11/3/2010,58,87,6,11,7>"Is this a spa or a restaurant?" - I asked my hubby as we stepped into Baume.  Fair question considering the dim lighting, serene decor and cool temperature as we stepped in from the busy California street lunch crowd.  Bottom-line: this is perhaps our new go-to splurgy restaurant in the peninsula (for the time being).  *Our favorite splurgy restaurant is still Michael Minna in San Francisco.  For me, what makes Baume special is in its creativity of food prepation and the fact that I won't be able to replicate many of the dishes even if I were given the recipe.  Here's the breakdown of the ratings:Creativity (5 stars) - I would like to decouple the creativity in the use of ingredients/preparation techniques from the actual taste of the food (more on this later).  The precision (or the preceived precision) in the use of chemistry in combining different ingredients and cooking methods made the entiring dining experience very memorable.   When our food was served, the waiters took time to explain, in almost professoral tones, the chemistry that went into preparing the various dishes.  As I tried to grasp the complexity of liquid nitrogent, carbon bond breaking & air compression, I suddenly felt smarter because I got a refresher course in basic chemistry.  In addition, the chef also did the usual asian-fusion type of ingredient combinations, but this is almost expected given it is california-french cuisine. Finally, for most fancy restaurants (even like French Laundry), you could theoretically create most of the dishes given the proper ingredients and time.  But for Baume, even if I were given the recipe, I wouldn't be able to make most of the dishes given their liberal use of ingredients that I would only find in a chemistry lab... then again, I am sure there are many others who have things like liquid nitrogen just hanging around in their kitchens. Actual taste of the food (4 stars):  I am giving a mixed rating on this one because for me, some of the dishes are actually 5 stars and tasted amazing; such as the leek soup, the 62-degree egg dish, the froi gras and the dessert.  Then there are a few that are just average delicious food (3-4 stars), such as the beef and fish.  And then for me, the salad and the bread were actually 2-3 stars because while beautifully prepared, really didn't tasted that great.  Services:  5 stars -- all the usual great service that you'd expect from a fancy restaurant.  The differences at Baume are that the service staff seem a bit more relaxed (which I like), generally very friendly (vs. stuffy traditional formal french food) and a few of them are actually really good looking (always a plus.) What I was most impressed by was how attentive our waiter was - upon arrival, he actually asked if we find the temperature a bit too chilly and when we said yes, he actually turned the temperature up a little bit.  Ambiance:  5 stars -- yes, it does look like a spa as you really feel like it is an escape from the crazy bustling world that's outside.  Perfect for dates and special occasions and probably not as great for large groups because it is not the type of place where you feel like you can talk loudly and be silly. Final recommendation - I would say definitely go for the 9/10 course option.  The shorter courses don't seem to have as much as impressive chemistry done on their food (for example, no liquid nitrogen), so if you are going to splurge, would suggest go all out for this one.  We are definitely looking forward to our next meal here - when the season changes and the ingredient list changes.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2010,11/2/2010,634,310,10,12,11>I needed an excuse to go back to Stanford for lunch after a long morning driving to and from Novato. I thought of going to Tootsies after an accredited fellow Yelper recommendation. First impression: Old world charm I felt like I was in a lil cafe out in the country. The café was housed in brick, had a tiled counter, and rustic colored walls. There's a few scattered tables. I went there around 2:45pm and saw they must have finished the lunch crowd because there were newspapers and crumbs all over the floor. They had an extensive menu on the chalkboard above the kitchen. I decided to order: *Single mocha $3.25: rich, first sip of foam but u can taste the richness, perfect for a cold rainy day. *Tootsie's burger $9.50 no caramelized onions and the juicy meat was infused with herbs. Grand Total came to $13.63 after tax And best of all, it was company expense after a long drive round trip from Novato for a seminar. Priceless. Let's save the prosciutto croissant for another day. It'll give me something to look forward to.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2010,11/1/2010,90,150,8,10,8>Vibram FiveFingers are the coolest shoes ever and I can get them right here at ZombieRunner even though they are on back order on the Vibram website or insanely expensive on other websites.  This place has a wide selection of serious running gear and they also have a really great coffee bar.  Service is really fantastic - informative and no pressure at all.  The owners are super nice and zen-like.  My hubby and I attribute it to the fact that they run crazy-ass 100-mile races (and love doing it).  We think they're probably too tired to get mad at anyone.Support local businesses!  Especially great ones like this one!
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2010,10/31/2010,199,286,5,4,4>Okay, so coming from an Asian family, you know you can always DIY the shabu shabu thing with hot pot [with questionable quality meat from the supermarket]... but who wants to DIY when you can get the meat sliced right in front of you?I love Shabuway.  It's one of my favorite places to go to when I'm in the Downtown Mountain View area.  It doesn't break my bank, and I can always trust that I'm not putting strange things in my body when everything is so freshly prepared in front of me.  The veggies are never wilted, and the beef is always so nice and juicy.  Personally, my spicy tendencies always lead me to use the spicy broth, but the normal broth [with real Kombu, no less!] is a good counterbalance when the heat is getting to you.The ponzu and sesame sauces are also very good, and at about $10/ plate for lunch, I am always happy when I visit this place.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2010,10/30/2010,116,166,2,16,4>AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING!!!  I had no idea what a bed rock spa was (or that they even existed) but now that I've tried it I'm addicted!  Definitely doesn't hurt that it's only 5 blocks from my apartment AND only $25 (if you pay in cash) for an hour.  This is now my bi-monthly pay day treat.My BFF was coming to visit from San Francisco and I thought this would be a fun thing to try with her.  The pictures on the main page will give you a better idea of how the spa looks.  After a brief explanation of how the spa works (you lay on heated rock and it makes you warm) you have to sign a waiver saying you're not pregnant or on your period or anything else and then you're given paper flip flops, two towels, and large pajamas to change into. After changing into the PJs the receptionist (owner?) comes and helps you spread your towels out over your rock.  Then you lay down, alternating between stomach and back and take a couple of "cooling down" pauses in a cooling room.The experience was incredibly relaxing.  The heat calmed the tension in my neck and my stress just melted away and I felt so happy after the treatment.  My body was warm pretty much the rest of the day and it felt wonderful!
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2010,10/29/2010,134,722,4,5,5>My feet used to envy other feet before I visited this place! What a treat!  I didn't quite know what to expect when I walked into Foot Envy but, I sure left happy! You are led into what looks like a posh movie room.  Filled with rows of cushy recliners, you are leaned back and then the experience begins.  I was there for a foot reflexology appointment but, these folks also worked on my shoulders, neck, arms, lower back and legs easing away all of the pain a typical Silicon Valley computer geek (like myself) carries around. The staff is nice --- not exactly communicative though, which is okay. This is not a situation where you're going to be swapping recipes or anything. The atmosphere is serene and the service is amazing!  Foot reflexology here is effective and affordable enough that I may do this every couple of months!
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2009,10/28/2010,330,458,3,3,3>As good as ramen gets.  This is definitely one of my fav ramen joints next to Maru Ichi.  Been here numerous times, but never had a chance to Yelp it...  This place is always packed, but the lines move quickly and efficient.  You actually order while standing in line, so that by the time you sit down, they serve you your drinks and appetizers soon after!  Everything is pretty much a la carte here.  But the choices are great, and the quality of the ingredients are definitely there.We started with their cold tofu, and grilled squid legs....  Tofu had plenty of bonito, and ginger.  The squid legs were smoky, and had great texture.  My wife and I had the tonkatsu ramen with kimchee, egg, and roasted garlic. The kids split one tonkatsu ramen with egg and roasted seaweed.  Loved it...  They are very consistent, and I have never been disappointed here.One thing is for sure...  It is definitely not the cheapest ramen place, but you get what you pay for - yummy ramen.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2010,10/27/2010,74,184,2,6,4>We have enjoyed this museum for years, and have been members on and off as the kids interest has gathered and waned.  I'm not sure why I never reviewed it before.  It is a great little museum, kids love all the airplanes, especially the ones they get to sit in.  And my kids could spend hours in the big airplane outside pretending to voyage to far off destination.My kids tried the camp for the first time this summer, and they absolutely loved it!  Tons of activities every day, crafts, education about airplanes, air travel, and weather, and best of all they got to go in a flight simulator nearly every day.  We will definitely be doing a Hiller camp again next summer!
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2010,10/26/2010,1241,362,5,4,3>Got my first haircut at Diana Hiep Dao's new location today. She told me how she spent months looking for a new location, and she did so with her clients in mind, because she chose this new location because of its proximity to her old location and its plentiful and free parking, as well as the nearby businesses (there are a few good restaurants nearby), as well as Menlo Park being pretty and enjoyable. Great haircut and service as always! Here is my old review from Diana's former location:I used to balk at paying $30 for a haircut, as I used to go to cheap Viet barbers for $10, and that included a mini massage on my temples. But those haircuts never used to last past a week or two, I guess the barber didn't anticipate my hair growth. A friend turned me onto Diana. There's a reason she's in the front window. Because she's the best. I like that she's Vietnamese too. She can pronounce my name, and she speaks to me in Vietnamese, forcing me to practice. Almost like a godmother. Anyways, first time I went, I showed her a picture of a male model whose hair I liked, and she said no, your hair can't do that. Instead, she asked me to trust her, and she gave me the best haircut and styling ever, and I've kept it ever since. And getting the shampoo is very relaxing, though I can't say that she's specifically better than anyone else there in regard to that. I had an appointment this morning at 9AM, and after being out late last night, I called at 8AM to see if I could move it later, but the only time available was at 5:30PM. That's how busy, and good, Diana is at her job. And my friend, even though he moved away to Baltimore, as a VC, he comes back once a month to the local office here, and he still gets his hair cut by Diana! And his wife too.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,9/12/2013,72,200,2,2,2>Great burger joint and quiet spot. Their menu is simplistic which is much appreciated! I believe there are four different burger choices. I went with the Classic Klutch. Great meat - Neiman Ranch meat I believe? Upgraded to a side of sweet potato fries for free when I checked into Yelp on my phone (typically $1)! They also had onion rings, garlic fries, and the classic french fries.They have their special on the left hand side of the register which I didn't see til after I paid, but it sounded delicious - Aloha pineapple burger Mmm... They have a few tables inside and two outside which is where I sat with my friend. I enjoyed the chill corner location.Found a little surprise in the bathroom - Secret menu! So random, I know, but exciting to find nonetheless. They have about four or five secret menu options (will post picture). Our server was nice, prices were okay considering the burger wasn't gourmet per say, but pretty basic. To accompany your burger they had a good variety of beer (posted on their napkin dispenser). Also liked that they had the Giants game playing on the TV inside. The guys were digging that.I would go back and recommend this place for a quiet lunch.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,9/11/2013,439,150,,7,1>We are big fans of this place - it's a great place for a toddler. There are lots of hands-on exhibits inside - things to touch and push and rotate. Camille's favorite activity is placing pieces of foam over an air vent and watching them get blown upwards through some vertical tubes (though last time she just hoarded all of the bluish-green ones because it's her current favorite color). Outside they have a few animal exhibits including some playful river otters and some fairly active bobcats.We can usually get done seeing everything in 1-2 hours, perfect for sneaking in a quick trip before or after naptime. Lots of food options in downtown Burlingame, which is just a few minutes away. And if your kid likes airplanes you can watch them fly by on their way to SFO.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,9/10/2013,68,316,2,5,2>My father taught me when it comes to depend on things every day DO NOT GET CHEAP like tires, beds, and plumbing. After having 15 dollar plumber make more damage than they saved me I solicited recommendations from my coworkers as to who a good local plumber is and more than a few suggested Guy Plumbing in Menlo Park.I used to get Alan Guy to come out but he has suffered with back surgery so Alex came to repair my hot water circulation pump that was making all sorts of noise and was no doubt on its way out.I called and made the appointment and Alex showed up on time and within an hour had the replacement up and running! Unfortunately they don't do the gritty under the house work any more and will recommend someone else that does.I would recommend Guy Plumbing.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2013,9/9/2013,751,680,17,22,23>As I was parking my car around noon time in downtown Palo Alto, my wife and I noticed a line of people queuing up in front of a store (yelp.com/biz_photos/crea).  We were wondering what was going on.  As we crossed the street, the doors opened up, and those people who were waiting in line made their way to the first available server.Took a quick peek at the menu, and I already liked what I saw (yelp.com/biz_photos/crea). In addition to their ice cream cookie sandwiches, they also make sundaes, shakes, chocolate tacos, and fruit bars.But we needed to have lunch first.  We had our lunch at Coupa Café (yelp.com/biz/coupa-café-). After wards we took a little stroll up and down University to walk off lunch, before heading towards Cream.When we got there, the line was relatively short, just ending at doorway (yelp.com/biz_photos/crea).  A few minutes later, the line grew, and it was out the door and down the block.Fortunately, the line moves very fast.  If you want an ice cream sandwich, it's basically a two step process:-Choose your cookie-Choose your ice creamLots of choices for cookies and ice cream.  The cookies are warmed to order, which then the server scoops on the ice cream of your choice, then finishes it with your other cookie.My wife just wanted a cookie, so she had a cappuccino cookie.I had a salted caramel ice cream sandwiched between two warmed oatmeal cookies (yelp.com/biz_photos/crea).  Sorry for the poor pic, the ice cream was melting between the cookies, and I had to a take a couple of bites before the whole thing became a huge mess!It was quite good. I gobbled the whole thing up in minutes.I was quite pleased with what I had.Four stars for now, but will update when I try other combinations.  Yes, my kind of place, worth another visit!
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,9/8/2013,13,24,,6,4>LOVE this place! Can't get enough of their Happy Hour. Hands down the best!... 3 to 7pm every day- EVERY day. Things to share: 1. Smoked Salmon. SO Good. 2. House-made flat bread (Hint: try putting some of the smoked salmon on top of it. Bomb!)3. Salmon Cups4. Pork Street Tacos5. $4 Pinot Gris?! YES!I did have an entree once, wasn't thrilled- it was the trout and WAY.TOO.SALTY. But still love this place.Outdoor patio seating great; heat lamps will keep you warm if it's a chilly evening. Definitely make reservations during peak hours!Service: A ++!  Special thanks to managers Lauren and Harry! Already dreaming of the smoked salmon... again.....
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,9/7/2013,634,310,3,15,5>It's always nice to see new businesses open and next door to Los Altos. What used to be a beauty supply store is now replaced with a new massage and foot spa called Harmony Reflexology. Their office just opened on Aug 6 and they had some grand opening specials.After a long day of driving to Sacramento and back, I was ready for a back massage. That was my good excuse to try this new spa out. I called to see if they had any last minute appointments available for 9pm and was pleasantly surprised to see they were able to accommodate me on short notice. I arrived at Harmony a couple minutes before 9pm and was welcomed by a lady in the lobby.We all like good massages with quality masseuses or masseurs in a clean welcoming environment, yes? Harmony is it. It was tranquil and very inviting as my first impression. Just walking in the front door, the lobby was peaceful. Once you enter the main room, you'll see 8 big lazy boy chairs; 4 on each side of the room. I noticed maybe 3 private rooms for full body massages. The décor felt like home and not just a room filled with chairs and bland walls. While I didn't specify if I wanted a male or female masseuse on the phone, a man was ready to give me my massage. I didn't feel comfortable having a man so I expressed I always had female masseuses in the past. The lady who welcomed me in the lobby said she would be happy to give me my massage. It turned out that Shirley was the owner. She told me she normally doesn't give back massages and is usually giving facials in her other foot spa in Foster City called Oceanic Foot Spa. Thinking about it, I've been to Oceanic a couple of times in the past and always had good massages there too. I asked for deep tissue and she delivered, not with brute strength but with gradual intensity. It was excellent and I felt revived after a long day of driving.I know it's hard to find a good spa with experienced employees. I learned from Shirley that all her current and potential employees, male or female, have to have licensing, good hygiene, and are screened for smoking habits before they're accepted to interview for work. If they smoke, they're not granted to interview. Out of all the reflexology spas I've been to in the bay area, I've noticed about 75% of them reek of employees smoking. Who wants their feet, let alone their body or clothes smelling like an ashtray?If you've experienced the foot or body massages at Oceanic Foot Spa in Foster City, you'll be in good hands because the owner of Harmony Reflexology is bringing some of her talent from that location to this one. Check it out and book an appointment to ensure you'll have someone there when you go in. Harmony is running grand opening specials with $40/1 hr body massage or $20/1 hr chair foot spa for now.I'll definitely be going back soon.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,9/6/2013,24,11,10,4,3>Martins West has the best restaurant restroom in the area!Combining a rustic and wooden feel with a modern and classy touch, this is a restroom I almost look forward to visiting (okay, I actually do look forward to it a little). While most restaurant restroom sinks display strong, inverse correlations between aesthetics and ergonomics, the sinks at Martins West rank high on both scales. The stalls provide plenty of privacy (George Costanza would be proud of the floor-length doors) and the ambient music is always tasteful (most recently, Sara Bareilles). Even the walk to the facilities is a scenic tour of great architecture, a spacious layout, and an on-display kitchen. However, the greatest feature of the men's room has to be the urinal, hands down (pun intended) - Martins West keeps a fresh supply of ice cubes in the urinal to keep guys entertained for as long as their bladders will allow. It's enough to make me want another pint!
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,9/4/2013,119,227,3,4,4>Their garlic sourdough bread is AMAAAAAAAAAZING smeared with some fresh goat cheese from Harley Farms down the road. Oh my goodness. I know they sell other things, but their bread is what lured me inside. My best friend lives in Half Moon Bay so this place is a short drive from her house. I will be back for more bread... soon.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2013,9/3/2013,87,73,2,3,3>What a little gem of a market!Great produce and good value. Lots of organic and local fruits and veggies, and a large variety of imported items from the Mediterranean and beyond. Some of the standouts for me included:* spices sold in bulk* gourmet pantry items sold at nearly half the price of other area markets* some harder-to-find cheeses, like Haloumi* gorgeous selection of honey and preserves* artisan dried pastasYou can enter from 4th street or there is alley access from the lot on 5th and San Mateo, making it super convenient post-workout or on a coffee run.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,9/2/2013,99,397,4,8,5>Completely unassuming and you'd miss it if you weren't looking for it.  It is a little gem in a dated building along El Camino. The interior is anything but modern but to a certain degree it is a nice change.  The service is warm. It is as though you've stepped into someone's home. I had the coq au vin which was tender, flavourful and the meat just fell apart.  My husband got the steak which he found cooked perfectly.  We thoroughly enjoyed our dinner and happy we decided to give this place a try.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2008,11/5/2008,7,43,4,4,5>Dude!!!...they are open, righteous.  (Think Spicolli or Crush from Nemo).Delicious ice cream, great service, this place will definitely be the heart of San Carlos Family dessert.  I love to sit at the surfboard bar, watch surf movies and shoot the breeze.  Also, if you are Green conscious Cowabunga is too, their utensils and bowls are all compostable.  Kid friendly, family oriented, a good location for team meetings or birthday parties.  A fine addition for San Carlos.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2008,11/4/2008,329,460,11,16,15>This is currently my FAVORITE Filipino restaurant here in the Bay Area.  The quality of the food and ingredients used are supreme and the ambiance is just right.I never thought Filipino restaurants had much of a chance to thrive and succeed.  As harsh as this sounds, in my opinion, many Filipino dishes do not look appetizing at first glance...and how can you make Filipino food look fancy without losing its flavor and appeal to the palate?  Presentation is KEY if you want something to sell!Patio Filipino does a good job of pulling it all off!  The restaurant is NOT Asian-fusion-y (Thank God).  They keep it real, preserving the flavor, texture, quantity of the dishes.I've been here a couple times, most recently for a group dinner with my college crew (12 people)!  We had a blast chowin' down on the many Filipino favorites.What we had:Two orders of beef steak (my absolute fave...and it comes topped with french friesTwo orders of fried chickenTwo orders of pork sisig (another favorite, thanks to Mimi L.)Two orders of bangus sisigOne order of pancit cantonOne order of chicken adoboOne order of garlic fried riceOne order of steamed riceNote that we didn't order any veggies, and we didn't care!  A true Pinoy doesn't need veggies, c'mon now!  No one was brave enough to try the balut here....maybe next time...As for the beverage of choice, none other than San Mig, baby!  As advertised by the pride and joy of the Philippines, Mannyyyyy!!!The seating hostess and servers were very friendly and took good care of our group, being considerate that we would have a large order and the seating hostess got our order in right before a group of 30 people.  So, it worked out pretty nicely!I love the ambiance, although the restaurant is on the smaller side, so I recommend making reservations if you expect to dine with a large group.  I appreciated the table cloths...cute center-pieces...lighted candles...remember, it's all about presentation!The restaurant itself is hidden so be on the look out and finding parking can be tough.  But, I think it's definitely worth it!I'm thinking of taking my parents here someday, they are the harshest of critics when it comes to Filipino outside dining (why do we have to eat out when we can just cook this at home?!), but I think they'll really like it here!Viva Patio Filipino!
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2008,11/3/2008,64,37,8,9,9>This place was the best mani pedi I've ever received, and I've even had the lush Burke Williams treatment! The first thing I noticed when I sat down,aside from the nice spacious setting, was that they opened up a brand new nail kit - points for not having me worry about the hygiene!They were also perfectionists here: the guy that did my pedicure put the little slippers on my feet and I guess he accidentally smudged the polish job - he went back and fixed it up. I honestly wouldn't have noticed if he didn't. Both mani and pedi have lasted me through a weekend of crafting and partying - usually something ends up chipped after a few days.Definitely coming back here... It might become a new addiction, actually!
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/28/2008,11/1/2008,1095,3855,6,9,10>This place has never failed us. It used to be our 'dinner spot' whenever I didn't feel like cooking as we lived within walking distance of it for 2 years. The people who own and run Five A's are really nice, especially if you speak their language. They'll go out of their way to cater to your needs.We usually get some sort of 'carbo' dish such as rice, noodle or a dumpling dish. The green beans are pretty good and so is the beef with green onions. This is family-style cooking so don't expect them to give you anything fancy. This is stuff your mom might cook at home. I mean, I can cook this stuff at home but it's on those days when I really don't feel like cooking that we came here.The food isn't always stellar. It's hit and miss. However, it's cheap and it's satisfying. Once you find the few dishes you like here, stick with them. If you're looking for something more authentic, drive north on El Camino and there'll be plenty to choose from.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2008,10/31/2008,0,4,7,6,9>OMG! This place is amazing. True Jamaican Flavor! The ambiance felt like a Jamaican all inclusive resort. The food was terrific!I had the island screw driver to drink; well, I had 2 :). For appetizers, my girlfriend & I shared the mini beef & chicken patties as well as the pepper pot soup. It was excellent!For lunch, we shared the Jerk Chicken & Oxtail combo, which had us licking our fingers upon completion.Dessert!...Oh my God-Dessert. Please, if you must indulge, please try the pineapple cheesecake. It comes with caramelized pineapples drizzled on top of the most delicious cheesecake ever!We complemented our cheesecake with the most amazing pineapple coconut ice cream!There was nice reggae music playing in the background. We went for lunch on Saturday but I hear that there is a band on Friday & Saturday nights. We'll probably check it out this upcoming weekend.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/16/2008,10/30/2008,224,365,15,10,10>Dude! Self serve fro-yo plus free sampling really brings out my inner ghetto.I usually crave a smoothie after a workout so I came into Nubi in hopes of quenching my thirst with their fro-yo.Grabbed a couple super mini paper cups for some random sampling.Tried four different flavors.My favorites were the mango tart and the pineapple.I considered purchasing a cup just to not look like a cheap bastard. But the samples were good enough for me at the time because I wanted some pizza!Dump sampling cups... don't make eye contact... streak out the door with my fellow sampburgler buddy.Good stuff!Now for that pizza!
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2008,10/29/2008,427,94,16,15,15>PMS on Pesto please!!!  That's Pepperoni, mushroom, and sausage on pesto you sicko!!! Get your mind outta the gutter, bucko!This is my favorite pizza place ever.  The slices are rediculously gigantic.  You can feed 2 people with one slice but I don't share because I like to save the other part for the morning after.  Bronco Billys Pizza is even better when cold.  I love cold pizza!!!!!I recommend this place to any pizza lovers out there.  I assure you that you will be satisfied =)
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2008,10/28/2008,263,451,7,6,6>I am a fan of large breakfasts. The opportunity to try a new pancake house wasn't too difficult for me. My friend, Anne B brought me here and I have to say yum. The selections was plentiful and very international. I was lured by the siren call of blueberry waffles with blueberry compote. It was so fruity, sweet and waffle-goodness! I also got to try their seasonal pumpkin pancakes, very good too! My only regret was not trying the Dutch Baby. My tummy capacity was at limit so Dutch Baby had to go. I saw everyone around ordering it and now I must find this Dutch Baby in Southern California.The service was good. The prices were fair. I definitely come back again and I will be getting my own Dutch Baby.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2008,10/27/2008,326,312,9,9,6>This place is a big deal to me.  I miss it so much.  It is hands down my favorite veg restaurant of all time.One of my dear friends James lives in San Mateo, and I almost look forward to eating at this restaurant as much as I look forward to seeing him whenever I visit.  That good.The staff is amazing.  They recognize you after months of not coming.  They help you order, explain dishes to you, and make recommendations.  They don't belittle you and are thrilled that you want to eat at their restaurant and try new things.  They are proud of food they serve, and it shows.  I have NEVER been disappointed with anything they've suggested and always come out bloated with food.Also, nearly 100% vegan.  You heard it.  Just ask them; there are like 2 things vegans can't eat, everything else is fair game.If you are in the bay area, a fan of Indian food, vegan or vegetarian, you MUST, I repeat, MUST come to this restaurant.  And if it's your first time, make sure you get the sampler.  And mail me your leftovers.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/13/2008,10/26/2008,853,724,11,11,8>I kept an open mind when a good friend suggested that we have dinner here.  After all, the name of the restaurant seems a little cheesy and I had to resist coming up with "mama" jokes.From the outside, Mama's looks a little sketch - somewhat nondescript on a commercial stretch of El Camino.  However, once inside, the decor was a step above the average Vietnamese restaurant.What wasn't a step above, unfortunately, was the service.  From the start, there seemed to be various communication problems with our server - she pointedly told us that one of the menu items - beef and prawns cooked tableside - was not available.  I wondered if the server meant that the restaurant was out of the ingredients but she just repeatedly told us that it wasn't available.  However, she did offer to have it prepared in the kitchen.  At that point, we had pretty much lost interest in that item.The rest of the ordering process was a mix of comedy and confusion.  We tried to recover from our unavailable item by finding a suitable replacement.  My friend asked if there was another dish that the server recommended.  She suggested a shrimp dish, a basil eggplant dish,... we just weren't feeling it.  In the end, we were able to put in an order, but not until the server had bossed us around a bit more.A couple other misses - my friend never got the rice she repeatedly asked for and after asking for a refill on water (at least 3 separate times), she finally got her request granted.All in all, a mixed bag.  I did enjoy our bbq beef with lemongrass and the second of the three claypots on the menu.  The fresh spring rolls were decent.If you decide to visit, I recommend coming with lots of patience and flexibility, especially if you don't mind being treated a bit brusquely.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2009,4/22/2009,176,39,8,12,7>This place definitely was the treasure ending a series of unexpected events my hubby and I found on our spontaneous Thursday adventure.Our Discovery -We began our day with a stop at a local pancake house, and I was in search of a good barber shop. After our yummy midweek brunch, I Yelp the closest barber in that area. We found the barber, I got my ears lowered, while he was looking in a random newspaper on the bench he was sitting on while I engaged in small talk.   We felt really spontaneous and decided to see where our energies and the day took us. The paper had an ad for Dungeness crab week, featuring a local HMB seafood house - Crab Landing! After making several random nature-appreciation stops to enjoy the weather after a week-long period of rain between San Francisco and along Highway 1, Crab Landing was where we landed!(Personal point of interest - located on Capistrano Road!)The Restaurant -We decided to have an early dinner after building up our appetites with a walk around the immediate area surrounding the restaurant. We entered and I immediate felt like I was swept away into mesmerizing seaside eating oasis. The genuinely warm hostesses promptly greeted us, and we lucked out by getting a second-level window table, facing the almost-sunset above the Pacific Ocean.The restaurant seemed immaculately clean and well-organized, with a huge ocean mural on the back wall beside the visible two story glass wine cellar, providing added eye candy. An oyster bar arched along one side of the lower level stocked with fresh, decadent oysters from Canadian, Pacific and Atlantic waters. Behind the hostess was the bar that seemed it was an entity of its own, where one can enjoy a cocktail, while listening to the live jazz band. There was also a second fully-stocked bar on the upper level.The ambiance embraced and encouraged a leisurely meal or drink. The dining area felt open, with tables spread far enough to enjoy a private conversation at any decibel, as the jazz music and murmurs of other diners contributed to the environmental muzak. The tables were placed perfected with unique flatware and plateware. As the room slowly emptied from the early evening sunlight, the overhead lighting begins to brighten timed in concert with the sunset.Now the Food!Our welcoming, patient, and informative server presented us with their plethora of offerings, which epitomized a true seafood and steakhouse: oysters, crab, lobster, porterhouse, kobe beef, New Zealand rack of lamb, filet mignon, and even SUSHI! And there was no lack of variety on their sushi menu! The wine list was also very impressive and dynamic.We were promptly served a basket of warm sliced sourdough, with a trio platter of condiments: softened butter, balsamic & olive oil dip, and a tasty pesto sauce. This was already a good representation of our dining experience. Oysters began our venture. We ordered a customized sampler tray: bluepoint, kumamoto, and fanny bay - all fresh, and ice-cold.A must order is the Singapore Chili Crab, a signature dish, as mentioned by our patient and informative server (you can't go to a crab-house and not order crab!?). I was in for a real treat! The crab was presented on a triangular plate, dowsed in a pool of their chili sauce, garnished with lettuce and parsley. The sauce itself was delicious! It reminiscent of the sauce of spicy dish found at a local Asian eatery, but taken a few notches up. The lettuce provided an extra crunch and texture to the soft crab meat and sauce. The crab was properly prepared to be devoured, and dipped several times in the sauce. I saved half of the leftover crab and requested to save all of the sauce to create a crab fried rice for a yummy lunch within the next couple of days.My hubby ordered their swordfish, sided with a saffron rice pilaf and perfectly-steamed veggies. The fish was flavorful, as the herbs and spices danced along my taste buds, leaving the moist, tasteful juices to unveil the tender flavor of the swordfish. Touche!Two desserts struck our fancies from their menu descriptions: their fruit flambe and their creme brulee trio. We were told at the end of the meal that the fruit was not actually served flambe style, and to our dismay, we decided to complete our meal with the creme trio and their garnish partner: grand marnier brulee with fresh blackberries, green tea brulee with julienned strawberries, and a pineapple coconut brulee with toasted coconut shavings. Bingo! We hit another round of winners! We initially were drawn to the green tea brulee, but the matcha flavoring seemed too subtle to enjoy leaving it as a show, the marnier placed the second brulee grand, which left the pina-coloda brulee with the win. Bottom Line -If you want an authentic, well-priced, leisurely, seaside seafood dining experience, detached from the typical tourist traps found by the crowded San Francisco piers, and welcome a drive down the coast, land your search at Crab Landing!
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2009,4/21/2009,131,459,17,11,12>I was here last Saturday to pick up a sarnie to fuel myself before I went on my 2.5-hours-long hike.In front of me, some lady with a stank look on her face (you know, the type of expression where it just seems like the person is offended by the whole world) took about ten minutes to complete her transaction.  This should never happen in a basic, no-frills sandwich shop.First she wants X and Y on her sandwich but not Z and Q.  Or wait, maybe X, she might as well.  But forget Z.  Then she snatches five brownies from the display basket, decides to buy them, but then quivers lengthily with miserly indecision and asks what they cost.  After hearing the price, she insists that she has to taste one first before she'll commit to buying five, so she unwraps one and starts munching on it right then and there, and then declares that yes, yes, the brownies meet her standards and she will buy all five.And then, even though the prices are clearly listed on the chalkboard from where people choose their order, she is SHOCKED, SHOCKED by the fact that her five HUGE brownies, drinks, and three large sandwiches made with just-baked bread and local produce costs over $20.  Her expression becomes so stank that to placate her the cashier throws in a free sixth brownie.And my point?  The sandwiches here are so, SO good that I will put up with this tomfoolery in order to get my sarnie fix.  And my loaf of FRESH BREAD.Oh, tourists.  Never change.  *hearts*
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2009,4/20/2009,4495,332,10,16,15>I went to the club for my friend's birthday last night. Parking was way easy, free, and right across the street! I suggest getting on guest list because it's way cheaper and there's a separate line for people on guest list. There's a person outside checking to make sure people who are on guest list get in the correct line and they check your name off and give you a ticket to get in. The security staff is so polite and funny and nice, which is absolutely rare for the club scene. There are in's and outs as long as you get the security to give you a stamp before you go in. And when you go in and out, the security opens the rope for you like a gentleman should =)The crowd is pretty diverse here. There was an earlier review that said all the boys there are short, but I disagree. Yesterday, there were short tall, skinny, large, buff, asian, white, black, good and average looking guys but what they all had in common was they were all cool and having fun. The women are the same too. There was a bachelorette party there and they were all in dresses having a blast, there were some freaky girls in some of the skimpiest outfits I've seen people wear in Palo Alto and there were normal girls there too. No matter what category each person fell into, everyone was having a blast!The drinks are GREAT here! I order my usual Hen and Coke and usually, they water it down as much as possible, but here, I was pretty much drinking Hen and ice! It was easy to get a drink, there was never a wait more than 2 minutes. The bartenders, girls and guys where all pretty good looking too. The inside was a good size but got pretty crowded by the end of the night, but it was all good. The music was pretty interesting that night. It was like hyphy hip-hop/top 40. I actually liked it and it seems the crowd did too cause the girls were getting super freaky! The outside was warm cause of the heat lamps and had some house music going on. The dj was on a stage with some go go dancers and there were lasers and strobe lights all around. My friends and I felt like we were at a rave again! Either that or in Vegas' Rehab! The major downside about the outside is that the floor is like cobblestones and there were major gaps so I couldn't dance cause my heels kept getting seriously caught in the gaps. I think it ruined my shoes too. They should definitely fix that. Girls, if you wear expensive shoes there, be careful outside! All in all, I had the most fun I've had in a very long time at a club but mostly, that was due to the huge crowd of ppl I was with. It was great fun and I had some very fun convos with strangers.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2009,4/19/2009,307,198,10,10,11>Positives:- Great place to enjoy a beer, some deviled eggs and an outdoor patio on a sunny day. - They've got a pool table and arcade games. - Service is fast so if you're jonesing for a pint of your favorite ale or a burger you won't have long to wait. Negatives:-Don't let the deviled eggs sit, it's like feeding gizmo after midnight, it turns ugly fast. - The clams. If you want to know what horse sh*t tastes like please, by all means, try the clams. - This is definitely a family establishment, though it shouldn't be. Everywhere you look there's children running around which a) really kills your buzz and b) made me have to watch my sailor mouth which I was not happy about...god dammit. I mean..I get that it's the suburbs and all you soon to be soccer moms and pot bellied dads need to go somewhere to recapture your youth and pretend that your party days are not behind you but please, don't come here. You've proven your point, now go away and take your children with you. If you can block out/inebriate the kids I'd say this is definitely a place worth coming to on a warm day.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2009,4/18/2009,513,243,11,14,15>They have a pretty impressive lineup for a buffet. Although I have to say that I'm not a big buffet person. This place is pretty descent. They had Peking Duck to Sushi and everything in between. The interior is pretty nice and really spacious. The staff was really great as well. We came here for my grandmother's birthday and had a 15 person group that they had to accommodate. They accommodated us very well.I got myself a variety of sushi ranging from Unagi Hand Rolls to Sashimi. I wouldn't say it was the best sushi that I've had but it passes the test as far as buffet Sushi is concerned. I also got myself some of the seafood that they had out. Lastly I got myself a small fruit plate to finish the night off.I would have to say this place is a tad better than Moonstar and way better than Todai.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2008,4/17/2009,207,317,9,12,10>Caffe del Doge was such a nice change from chain cafes/dessert places. When I walked in the door with my S.O. and friends who had been there many times before, I was transported to Italy. The scents were aromatic, the menu sounded decadent. It was a little difficult to figure out the menu, since it seemed that dessert items spanned multiple areas.Once my friend said I had to try the mousse, I was sold. He gets the high octane espresso-infused variety. Since I would have been awake all night after trying that one I opted for the non-caffeinated version instead.This was definitely not mousse like I was anticipating. Usually, "mousse" to me means a light brown fluffy mixture that is chilled with possibly a little whipped cream on top. Mousse at Cafffe del Doge means hot melted chocolate (made with powder) and topped with some whipped cream and shaved chocolate. Their mousse reminded me more of pudding than mousse. That said, it was delicious! I had to eat the whipped cream fast so it didn't melt too much. I think I was still hyper from the chocolate when I was trying to go to sleep. Can you imagine if I had gotten the one with espresso?The others' orders looked impressive, too. My S.O. had a mint espresso (I don't know the official names), one friend had the high-octane mousse, and the other friend had an espresso dessert drink that looked like liquids layered on top of each other and topped with some whipped cream in a 2-inch tall shot glass.The atmosphere was relaxing, and we easily found seating on the 2nd floor.Minus one star for their pricey menu, but I think that's how they can afford to be as authentic as they are. I'd rather have that authenticity at their prices than some less expensive items of a lesser quality at a fake Italian cafe. It was also a bit too hot for me in there.When I want another fancy dessert or taste of true Italian coffee, I'll revisit Caffe del Doge.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2008,4/16/2009,1928,1761,15,17,20>"Why am I a gullible yelper?" "Am I obligated to attend any event featuring one of my favorite treats?"A yelper, who is known as the "fro-yo girl", organized another fro-yo event. This time at the newest fro-yo location in Palo Alto. The newest fro-yo shop has three different flavors made with the freshest organic ingredients: Original, chocolate and strawberry. The toppings are also made with organic ingredients as well. I ordered an eight ounce combo, which is comprised with Strawberry fro-yo, dried banana pieces and loose granola. The dried banana pieces are not like any ordinary banana chips you buy at any store, but the chewy pieces are dehydrated like a dried fruit. The tangy fro-yo tasted very unique with the overpowering taste of the berry. That healthy bowl normally cost $6.00. But since the fro-yo girl organized the event, we got a 20% discount. There wasn't much of a gathering at this event. But the fro-yo girl and I had a lengthy chat. We also met Alexis, the owner of the fro place, and her son. She educated us on the history of the newest fro-yo place by using organic ingredients and making the business eco-friendly and using bio-degradeable products. She is definitely "green" by being environmentally friendly. Despite not many yelpers attending, I still enjoyed my bowl of fro-yo. Palo Alto's California Ave. is definitely electrified with the newest fro-yo business.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2008,4/15/2009,257,366,13,18,15>Best sichuan food I've ever had hands down!  This is a gem of a place and you'd never know how incredibly authentic Crouching Tiger is from the outside.First off, this is a beautiful decorated restaurant.  He and I agreed that a lot of money was put into the incredibly modern interior with state of the art entertainment and restrooms as clean/gorgeous as those in a Michelin star SF eatery.You would expect a pricey bill, but we were pleasantly surprised with the kick-ass prices.  We ordered:Dry cooked shrimp with chili and peppers - excellent!Sweet & sour fish w/pineapples, onions, green peppers & carrots - marvelous!!Xingjian Lamb is stir fried lamb with green hot peppers, cumin, chili powders - He loved this, but the lamb was too fatty for me.  Great flavor though and you'll be a fan if you enjoy lamb.Sichuan Salty Pickle Fish Soup - Simple, yet wonderfully seasoned.  Done perfectly and a must try if you like soup.  I could eat this every day.Cold appetizer pork with minced garlic.  This isn't really my thing, but he loved it.  Great with a brew.If you're in the mood for spicy sichuan style food, this is a must try.  It's one of our new faves!
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2009,4/14/2009,51,329,6,7,7>Nearly 300 reviews, can i really justify adding my 2 cents here? I think so.. but I will keep it abbreviated:Dear Coupa, here is what sends me your way:-Outside seating where I am bound to hear both big wig conversations and dreaming aspiring young minds.. and a likely myriad of languages.-Nice bathroom. Yea, i said it, I like the sink. Its reminscent of some beautiful villa and crisp sunshine all around.-Decent tea. An innovative collection for a coffee shop (one star lost here, since they only have bagged tea, and even if its high end, its not as fresh)-Fresh, healthy snacks. And YES, i do include the 70% cacao choc bar that passed my lips this afternoon, thank you very much ;)Ok... I think i've said my peace. You'll find me there, but probably after Caffe Del Dogge and a toss up w/ Tea Time, but more likely here on a sunny day (IF i can find a table).
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2008,4/13/2009,880,513,6,9,11>Korean, Japanese, Chinese food all in one restaurant? Ehhhhhhhhhhhh...I always think it's always a little sketchy when Koreans own Chinese or Japanese restaurants, not to say there isn't  amazing Chinese or Japanese restaurants owned by Koreans, but most are never authentic and usually Americanized (I.E Sweet & Sour Pork, Dragon Roll etc), and unfortunately Korean Fusion is no different.(As a former chef I think it's impossible to master more than one culinary art in one single restaurant.) They should call it, "Inspired Korea," since most Japanese and Korean cuisines are heavily influenced by Chinese culture, but I digress...Funny thing is, I've never been to a Korean Restaurant that is well...Americanized. Korean Fusion, aside from serving Chinese and Japanese food, is no different from it's plentiful array of authentic Korean dishes and the famous side dishes (banchans). One of the few times I am genuinely happy, aside from spending time with my girlfriend (since she reads my reviews and cause she LOVES this place), is with a bowl of rice, banchan, and meat cooking in front of my face. And well this place makes me happy with it's delicious Korean food and friendly service. Over all the Chinese and Japanese food here is good but overshadowed by the Koreanness of the place.  Although, I am impressed with their effort to combine 3 cultures into one restaurant, but I'd much prefer to come here for the homey Korean foods.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2009,10/26/2009,119,268,7,14,14>Somewhere between Alice in Wonderland and The Secret Garden is San Carlo's little paradise of sweetness.  This antique store tucks behind it's busy window display that can be missed easily, transports you to the magical world of tranquillity, away from the hustle and bustle of the El Camino traffic and the nearby train station.This antique store is HUGE (2 stories), and full of surprises.  Each individual space has its own theme, like "Trains", "Kitchen", "Living room", "Books", "Vintage clothing", "Bunny and spices", etc.  I feel like walking into Hansel and Gretel's trail of breadcrumbs in Brothers Grimm's fairy tale: One thing leads to another.  Staff are friendly and helpful.  It's a fun place to hunt for treasures, and I'm not even a big fan of old stuff. Prices are reasonable.  You'll soon loose track of time in the store.  The vintage clothing area is super clean and impressive.  There is no trace of old moldy smell at all!  Truly magical and whimsical.  Not a bad idea to wander around and spend your saturday afternoon.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2009,10/25/2009,151,131,8,9,9>The food is exactly the same as House of Prime Rib, but cheaper, with more sides and more options for sides. And there is absolutely no wait for a table, even on a weekend night. You would literally have to be a stupid idiot to go to House of Prime Rib over this place for prime rib.You already know about the prime rib (it's a slab of beef), it's everything else that makes for a great value. You get a piece of corn cake to start, bread with butter, a salad (and a choice of house or chopped greens, ranch or house dressing), 2 sides, and popover. You have a ton of choices for the sides: creamed corn, creamed spinach, sauteed spinach, baked pot, etc etc. I opted for the creamed corn and baked potato - both were solid. They are also generous with the horseradish and au jus. I like the interior of this place more than Broadway Prime and HoPR. Even when there are groups, it never seems too loud or cramped. The space is pretty small, but it's been fairly empty the 2 times I've gone on the weekend.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2008,10/24/2009,76,236,3,6,4>This is south Indian food prepared as I eat it in India and not changed beyond recognition for the American palate. From the descriptions in some reviews I expected it to be grimy little place but it wasn't at all. Just a no frills cafe, and I do mean no frills, but it's comfortable and clean and with food this tasty why would you care?The menu is very limited to a street food selection but it is fresh-tasting, perfectly spiced and served by a super-friendly team who are more than happy to help you navigate the menu and make a good choice.I love this food , I love the friendly staff and will be back again and again.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2008,10/23/2009,78,88,6,14,6>This is a true hidden gem.  Some people consider this side of San Mateo to be the "ghetto" and would never guess that a top notch tailor resides in this inconspicuous dry cleaning shop.I have been to many tailors over the years and the owner of Rose Cleaners is the best and the CHEAPEST  I have ever encountered.  This is one of the few occasions where you actually get more for less money!  WOW!She has brought in the waist of my jeans and put darts below the waistband so they taper correctly for $15 dollars!  Other tailors I have been to just shrink the waist band, and leave a bulge for $30-$40.  Also, if you say you want your waistband TIGHT because you know those jeans are going to stretch, she does it!I have had her do more complicated tailoring jobs on vintage dresses that needed a complete overhaul.  She accomplished mass changes for only $40....a steal in my book.When I get the unique privilege to be a bridesmaid again (May I be so lucky???) ,  this will be where I get my darling dress tailored to perfection!
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2008,10/22/2009,258,234,6,7,7>My new favorite Japanese place in Redwood City! i first tried this place during lunch over the summer, they have miso ramen and mini poke don combo that is a must try!I only came back recently because parking is hard to find (they have parking in the back) and if you come here, DO NOT park at Napa Auto or the neighboring stores becuase you will get your vehicle towed.I ordered the crunchy spicy tuna roll, italian roll, and a spicy albacore handroll, the bill was less than $15!
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2009,10/21/2009,111,233,1,9,12>I've been a loyal customer going on two years now and I can safely say that this is by far the best Oil Change I've ever experienced. Swung in there today on my lunch break and I lucked out because there were no cars ahead of me. This place is popular so I'm always counting on at least 2-3 cars ahead of me during lunch time.  These guys are so efficient and friendly. They make an effort to smile and ask how you're doing. I appreciate that kind customer service. It sets them apart from the old run of the mill chain oil places.  They even had me out of there in LESS THAN 9 MINUTES!!
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2009,10/18/2009,36,119,3,11,12>Fantastic sushi, what a wonderful little find this is! It's really close to our home in the Village and parking isn't a problem on 37th Avenue. We came in for an early dinner on a Friday evening; though the place only has a couple tables and spots at the sushi bar we were able to get a seat right away. We had two special rolls from the menu- the Yuzu Special Roll and the Golden Kiss Roll- and thought they were both excellent. The green tea was well-brewed and hot, and the service was friendly and prompt. We'll be back to sample more very soon!
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2009,10/17/2009,51,286,13,18,16>I grew up in a very small town with what I remember as very long winters.  I can't be certain, but I don't remember there being a coffee shop there during my childhood.  Instead, there were kitchens and living rooms, filled with friends and relatives.  I sat around listening to things I didn't really understand but I sensed the importance of.  Over a cup of Folgers Instant Coffee my relatives confided in each other, asked for advice, gossiped a bit, and comforted one another.  My mom would make me hot chocolate and a blueberry muffin and I would be one of the ladies, talking over a hot beverage.  For this reason, the smell of coffee or the taste of hot cocoa always makes me homesick.I've been in this area since August of '08 and I can truly say that Perx Coffee House is a place that takes away any homesick feelings.  I feel such a huge sense of community there and without fail I leave there feeling more loved than when I went in.  This is definitely a place that people come back to daily or at least several times a week.  The staff is amazing at learning names and orders, and I was shocked on my second visit to be greeted by name and asked, "Would you like another white mocha latte today?"The breakfast sandwiches and burritos here are excellent.  I prefer the burritos which come filled with eggs, cheese, onions, mushrooms, potatoes and your choice of sausage, ham, bacon or chorizo.  They make them to order and I always get mine without the onion or mushrooms.  They are rather large (big enough to share) and my coworkers often buy one and share them among 2 or 3 people.  If I am feeling like a fatty as I usually do on weekends, I eat the whole thing.  They also have muffins, croissants, scones, and donuts.  The lattes and hot chocolate are also good.  I have yet to try the coffee, but I haven't heard any complaints!I love everything about this place:  the staff, the patrons, the food, the friendly vibe, the drinks, the couches and comfy chairs.  I visit this place several times a week and I think I am a happier person for it :)
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/29/2008,10/16/2009,493,361,10,12,10>So I unintentionally realized I just wrote my 200th review....  I wish it could have been for sometime like Masa's or Gary Danko... Oh well...This little place is tucked away within a little avenue of shops within a larger building, I came in through the back door because I was able to find parking on the backside entrance to the complex, from the street I would have had no clue that this restaurant was even here...  the decor is upscale but the atmosphere is pretty comfortable.  We came here to celebrate my brothers birthday, and we excited San Mateo had it's own steakhouse, something a little higher end then an Outback but didn't want to make the drive to a steak house in the City.  I had initially ordered the 20 oz New York cut but unfortunately I was later informed by the waiter that they did not have any in stock, I then ordered the Rib eye as well only to be told that they were out of stock on that as well.  I ended up ordering the Veal Lion Chop, which was well cooked and nice and juicy.  Good flavor and all, the sides of creamed corn and creamed spinach were really tasty.  Although the truffled mac and cheese wasn't all that memorable.  The Porterhouse salad with the tomatos was actually really good.When it came time for dessert the waiter mentioned to us they have several flavors of gelato.  We ordered one of each, a vanilla, strawberry, chocolate and a balsamic vinegar.  The other flavors from what I could tell tasted just fine, but the balsamic vinegar does stand out.  It was exactly in the good way either...  I was thinking cold and creamy and sweet would be accentuated by the smokey tart flavor.  It wasn't and I really wished I didn't order that, still being the inquisitive foodie I am I couldn't resist.  In this case curiosity killed the yelper.  Still it was a pleasant evening and the staff was friendly and accommodating.  They do have a decent bar and wine selection which is reasonably priced.  One last note, at the time they were having ventilation issues in the kitchen so some of the smoke was wafting into the dinning room, but with some of the hiccups that night with the food they had in stock, smoke and the vinegar ice cream we still had a nice night out.  Just take my advice and steer clear of any dessert with balsamic vinegar in it.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2009,10/14/2009,711,1139,14,18,15>Just a couple points of interest - - Their oxtail and jerk pork combo platter will tingle tastebuds that even dentists never knew existed. - Every single person that I've took here has had mouthgasm's and then went back on their own for seconds, fourth's, tenth's, etc..- I'm seriously planning to come here for lunch....... and I work in SSF.- I tell a coworker or a friend about this place and then after they eat here I suddenly become their resident go to person for "places to eat" suggestions. - Even though the quantity of the oxtails in their order has decreased over the years, you still don't need any teeth since it's just that tender. Food Porn : During the day, the jerk pork is super fresh and at it's best. This is from dinner so it wasn't as fresh but it's soo money. yelp.com/biz_photos/BkwTThis is my Picasso. yelp.com/biz_photos/BkwT
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2010,2/18/2011,22,46,5,12,5>Just joined this new gym yesterday, and my first impression was very good. Here's what they have:- a huge weight training area - lots of cardio machines- all equipment is brand new- convenient hours- lots of group exercise classes (spin, yoga, etc)- two outdoor heated pools (and swimming lessons!)- personal trainers- NOT MANY MEMBERS YET (this means that equipment is available when you need it, at least for now)- reasonable rates ($89/mo for two people, less if you can get the corporate rate)- everything is brand new and clean- location - there are no other gyms of this caliber near 280/92.The downsides:- it's on the college campus, so you have to pay for a parking permit ($7.50/mo, so it's not bad)- no childcare (this is a don't care for me, but can be a dealbreaker for some)If you live near 280/92 (west Belmont, west San Mateo, Hillsborough) and are looking for a gym, I'd recommend checking out the San Mateo Athletic Club.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2010,2/17/2011,321,372,3,7,5>If I need a place to relax...a place to go to just take a big ol sigh and have all the tension of the day just roll away...the wine room would be it. If I could move in and carve out my own little corner next to the fire place, I would. The wine list has a large range, and varies. They have tastings of specific regions and wineries (you can find out more by "friending" them on facebook) on different nights that are fun and informative. Yes, I am told it is a little pretentious. But the people behind the bar are incredibly sweet and open individuals. They will talk to you like you are their friend and remember you when you come back. And well, it's good. And I like that. *win*
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/18/2011,2/16/2011,141,130,1,22,8>I am torn on what to write here. I've NEVER felt so torn by a Yelp review. Let me tell you why... 1- I am 100% Polish. I LOVE Polish food. My family is full of awesome cooks that know how to make their pierogies, Hunter's Stew, beet soup, Polish "crepes", etc. The food I tried here was absolutely delicious! I had the beet soup and Hunter's Stew... not exactly like mom's, but pretty darn close and delicious. I also tried my friend's orders of the pierogies and crepes and felt they were also wonderful.2- First of all, the service was very slow (it's clear that this team isn't the most experienced of restaurant owners) but when food is THAT GOOD, I am very forgiving of slow service. We were here on Sunday night at dinner time. The restaurant was full but at times, we felt completely ignored. The restaurant needs to hire an additional waiter for weekend nights.3- I had hands down the most RUDE experience with a waitress ever in my entire life. I was absolutely embarrassed because I took 4 non-Polish friends with me to this Polish restaurant... none of them had ever had Polish food and they don't know many Polish people either. When the waitress argued with us for about 8 minutes and almost made my friend cry, I was flabbergasted. Literally, my jaw just dropped. My friend ordered the crepes with mushrooms and the waitress heard "mushroom soup." I, along with my friends promptly corrected her and she nodded. When they brought out the food, they brought her mushroom soup. The waitress who took our order came back out and literally started fighting with us. She started yelling at me in Polish as well. ("She ordered the mushroom soup! She ordered the mushroom soup, I am NOT MAKING THIS UP!"... turning to my friend "YOU, YOU ORDERED THE MUSHROOM SOUP!" over and over again, repeating herself again and again until my poor friend said "Okay, I can try the mushroom soup if you want me to." What was she trying to prove?!?) I was absolutely humiliated that THIS was the experience my friends would have at their first ever visit to a Polish restaurant (and perhaps, their last). The food was so delicious and I was red with humiliation on behalf of my culture. I realize that this lady was stressed (it was a busy night), yet I am completely compassionate. She picked a fight with us (5 sweet, quiet, fairly nerdy young professionals) and would not let it go. I told this story to my mom, who grew up in Poland, and she too was very upset. She reached out to the owner and he did apologize. I just really, truly hope this sort of situation never happens again to any customer here. The food is SO delicious and I want people in the Bay Area to experience a bit of the wonderful Polish culture I grew up around, it would be a shame for others to have an experience like ours. Fortunately, this lady went off at me and not someone else-- and my mom and I dealt with this experience constructively. We still left a very fair tip because I could tell everyone else at the restaurant was working so hard. I'll go back and hopefully have a much better customer service experience. Because I have a good heart, I'm still giving this review 3 stars. If my next experience is positive, I would LOVE to give 5 stars and will do so.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,2/15/2011,227,292,6,7,5>Haven't been out dancing in a while and haven't been here since they added the dance floor. While it gets incredibly crowded, my friends and I had a great time. Good music.. all the current hits.. hip hop/dance music and plenty of fist pumping! My only suggestion would be to kill the fog machine. It's already stuffy enough in there and that just makes trying to breathe worse. A little more ventilation would be great too. Or maybe I'm just old and nit picky ;p
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2010,2/14/2011,1556,579,3,5,3>I found this place through Yelp. I love my Yelp App on my new phone! Everything good that I read about this place is true. I have been here twice to get a pedicure. I got the extra "Universe Nails Special Pedicure" with the extra long massage, and the special scrub, and yes it was worth it. I felt like a pampered princess after I left. The staff works hard, they always seem to have enough people there when ever I just pop in; also the place is clean and very professional. There are lots of liitle extra touches they add, such as a hot pillow they offer to put on you neck, massage chairs, magazines, etc... Just go, You'll see ;-)
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2010,2/13/2011,1509,3598,4,9,9>you might miss it the first time since it's inside a nondescript corporate glass building with no directions.  once inside the front door however, it's easy to follow your nose to the left--where the delicious aromas are coming from.  menu is scaled down to their "hits" and already points out how his sandwiches were featured on man vs. food.  'menage a trois' boldly highlighted, as it should be, since it's a delicious packed sandwich.  line at lunch like a 15 min wait to makedutch crunch toasted and thinned with the dirty sauce cooked in makes for a scrumptious moist sandwich, but also messy, as the contents can be spilling out easily.  the honey definitely heightens the experience for his showcase sandwich.  if you don't eat the sandwich right away, the bread can become soggy, so plan to eat the menage a trois immediatelyso they did make the place smaller (just the doorway now), and calling in 15 min ahead usually works at lunch...they take orders only by phone as opposed to walk-ins
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2010,2/12/2011,71,61,4,8,6>The top extreme of my grocery shopping spectrum (the bottom extreme being Grocery Outlet). I'm not here that often, but when I want the absolute top-grade meat or fish I know where to find it. The quality just blows my mind. Many thanks to my former coworker Shari for turning me on to Roberts many years ago.Small but fresh and vibrant produce section, amazing deli cases full of temptation. Lots of interesting food and beverage products hard to find elsewhere. Meat and deli counter service is top-notch!Yesterday's visit exemplified what Roberts is all about. A woman was demo'ing  fair-trade profits-to-charity company olive oil. The two virgin-cold-press oil varieties were from a species indigenous to Palestine and a more potent Italian variety. Complementing the oils was a tray of herbs in which to dip the bread cubes after they'd been dipped in the oil. Everything was delicious and I didn't dare ask how much they cost.My $35 haul: bag of spring greens, tub of Niman Ranch pulled pork in BBQ sauce, Santa Cruz Baking Co. cracked sourdough loaf, 8-oz tub of rice crackers that I've demolished, a "seductive" French cheese with a stripe of ash in the center, Tate's chocolate chip cookies, and two bags of Have'a Chips.The rich really do live in a very different world than you and I.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2011,2/11/2011,278,355,12,9,10>My +1 buddy suggested we come here for a nightcap after the Elite event.  He's Irish so I should've known better.  This is a cool local joint.  Funny I've never been here before, though I used to visit the old Santa Ramen regularly.Not knowing what else to get, I got a double Jack.  And either these were the new American-sized portions or she generously gave me a quadruple Jack... yeah it was a lot, very generous.  Unfortunately I don't drink a lot so I was nursing that baby for a long time.  Jack was in kindergarden by the time I finished.The air hockey table was a plus, much more fun than fooseball... simple, fast, brainless.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,2/9/2011,206,213,4,6,4>Anyohasayo!  Although they don't greet you in Korean, they do greet you with a smile when you enter.  I don't know why I don't come to this tofu house more often, especially now during the winter.  Tofu stew is best during the cold.  They have good service, good food, and it's close to my house.  We ordered the cheese tofu stew and a dumpling tofu stew today.  Spicy.  As any other Korean establishment, we were given ban chan (side dishes) as we waited for our stew.  It wasn't ban chan galore as there were only 6 dishes but it was enough.  I love that 2 of the side dishes is chap chae and pickled seaweed.  Refill please!  I love that side dishes are unlimited refills.  Our stew arrived bubbling at our table and we cracked our eggs in them.  Egg best eaten over your rice after a few minutes in the tofu jacuzzi so that it is still slightly yolky. The cheese tofu stew was a bit different than your norm but delicious nonetheless.  The cheese wasn't overpowering and in fact enhanced the flavor of the stew giving it a creamy, rich taste.  The dumpling stew came with 3 dumplings, tofu, and rice cake.  Dumpling fillings were seasoned well and the rice cakes had a mochi like texture.  Spicy. Hot. Savory. Rich in flavor.  These are the words to describe the stews here at tofu house.  Definitely a comforting, delicious meal for these cold and chilly days!
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/7/2011,2/8/2011,751,680,19,26,22>It's the week of Christmas, and Stanford Shopping Mall is full of shoppers (in my case, last minute shopper), doing their Christmas shopping. A little past noon, lunch time, and we were ready for lunch. Unfortunately, so were a lot of other shoppers in the Mall, and many of the eating venues were filling up. The kids wanted to eat at Max's, but the wait was 40 minutes. No thanks. Didn't want to go to McDonald's either, so we took a little trek to the other end of the Mall to Palo Alto Creamery, to see what the wait was like for a table. As expected, there were people standing inside, in front of the cash register waiting to be seated inside. The wait was 20-30 minutes, but we could be seated immediately if we wanted to sit outside. It was an overcast day, but not windy, and there were a lot of heat lamps nearby, so sitting outside was OK. After we were seated, we were greeted by a very enthusiastic waitress, who gave us our menus, and colorfully recited the specials of the day. She left us alone for about 5 minutes, then came by and took our orders. Food came out promptly in 10 minutes. -Southwest Corn Chowder: Not bad, good flavor with a little kick to it. Nicely contrasted by the sweet corn kernels. -Eggs and French Fries: Youngest wanted eggs, and requested a side of fries instead of hash browns. OK, but she was most happy with the fries. -Chicken Tenders and Fries (yelp.com/biz_photos/KG3Y): Nicely battered, and good sized pieces chicken breast. The batter was crispy, and chicken was nice and hot on the inside. Fries were cut to order. -Reuben (yelp.com/biz_photos/KG3Y): Generous serving of corned beef with melted Swiss, 1000 Island dressing, sauerkraut, between toasted slices rye bread. The corned beef was juicy, but along with the dressing and sauerkraut, made this a very soggy Reuben. There was a little kick missing in this sandwich, so I requested some Dijon mustard, but didn't help much. Should have stuck with a burger. Although it's nice to have another dining option in the Stanford Shopping Center, I still prefer the location in downtown Palo Alto, with it's diner ambiance. The service was friendly, prompt, and efficient. Food was OK, maybe what we ordered. Overall OK, would come back if wait wasn't too long.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2010,3/11/2011,64,375,4,5,2>Great food. Friendly service. Dark cozy atmosphere with a mostly middle aged and over clienteleGrilled Watermelon, Dungeness Crab, Avocado Napoleon, Jicama - the ingredients are stacked in layers. refreshing, slightly sweet and slightly spicy, great way to start the meal. Grilled Hanger Steak, Scalloped Potatoes, Sautéed Spinach, Red Onion Marmalade - hubbie got this and was very happy with this dish. the special of the day was california bass with grilled zucchini, squash, corn and fingerling potatoes - cooked perfectly and tasted like "spring"We split the banana split - it seemed and tasted like a random mess. I didn't really get the pineapple in this dessert. tip: the parking lot may be hard to find unless you're really looking carefully - the restaurant is nestled between chevy's and chantilly and camouflaged well from el camino
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2010,3/10/2011,47,113,3,4,3>The wife and I dined here with a visiting friend. She's a former local who relocated to the Boston area several years ago; her comment: "we don't get much good Mexican food in New England". I hadn't eaten at Palo Alto Sol for many years, so I was curious to see how it was.We got to the restaurant at 6:30 on a Friday and put our name in. We had about a 5 minute wait at the bar for a table, but shortly after we got seated, it looked like the wait grew substantially. In other words: don't show up at 7pm and expect to get seated right away.After we were seated, our order from the bar found its way to our table, as did a basket of chips and the three kinds of salsa. All of the salsas were very tasty and slightly hot; I think I liked the green one the best. The premium "del Sol" margarita was pretty good and about average strength.The place was hopping and it took quite a while to get our order taken, 10 minutes or more. We were busy catching up, so it wasn't a big deal, although this did leave me too much time to chow on the chips.Our friend wanted to order a dish she remembered from long ago, but didn't see it on the menu; we finally figured out it was now called "adobo" (not sure what the old name was, but one of the servers confirmed it was the same). My wife had the camerones al cilantro, and I had the chicken enchiladas del Sol (one each of mole and guajillo). We didn't discuss the food a whole lot, but neither of my dining companions seemed to have any issues with theirs.I loved the guajillo sauce, and the chicken in the enchiladas was pretty good, although I think it was all white meat and I prefer a blend of white and dark. I personally found the mole sauce to be a notch or two too sweet. The rice & beans were excellent; I often leave them unfinished, but not this time. My plate almost looked like it had come out of the washer when I was done!The waiter tried to take my wife's food several times; undoubtedly, they wanted to free up the table. It wasn't super annoying, though.I have fond memories of Palo Alto Sol, and it lived up to them on this recent visit. Hopefully I'll be back again this decade!
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2010,3/9/2011,72,159,3,18,10>Its my 3rd trip to AtOneTen and I'm fairly satisfied with the overall service, and cut. The first trip was with Jesse, second was with Aki, and third recent one, I had Jesse cut my hair from medium length, below the shoulders to short (approx. 3 inches shorter).I called just about 1 hour before closing and they were so kind enough to let me still come in for the haircut. Jesse is really so fun and nice to talk with. I always have a great time with him and he keeps me laughing through the cut! He spent a lot of time asking me questions about my daily hair regimen, which is really nice of a hairdresser. Without pushing products on me, he suggested a few tips on how I can moisturize my hair better and also how to style it. It was a cut and hair lesson in one :)I was a bit surprised at the price in the end, I was hoping that it would be under $50 total (which includes tip), but the total was $55 and that was without my tip. Granted, Jesse did spend 2 hours on my hair....so it was ok, I guess.Service 4.5 starsCut 4 stars (I've gotten lots of compliments, thanks Jesse!)Price: 3 starsLikely to come back again!
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2011,3/8/2011,198,505,3,7,5>The ghetto Walgreens plaza has been filled with more and more Asians lately... it's awesome! I have never seen this parking lot so packed since I living in Mountain View.My husband and I have been back a couple more times (probably once a week) and have been bringing different friends here every time to introduce them to the best XLB's to hit Mountain View. Besides the XLBs, we've also tried:- Shanghai noodle dish: 3/5 stars. Just mediocre.- Pan Fried Buns with Pork: 3/5 stars. Everyone orders this, but I wasn't a fan of the dough, it was a bit much. I heard the place on Old San Francisco is better, so I'll have to give that a try.- Glutinous Rice with Pork in Bamboo: 2.5/5 stars. A bit overrated. For the price of $11, I expected more. It's definitely not a good last dish to try since it's oily and greasy and fatty. But if you must try, I won't stop you...- Sauteed Loofah: 4/5 stars. I'm a fan! The texture is a bit like okra with the gooeyness... it's a good refreshing vegetable dish to have.- Vegetable and Pork Rice: 4/5. A simple dish to make where the bacon and fatty pork brings out the flavor of the dish. I like the "cleanness" of it. I think the lady waitress (boss woman?) there recognizes my husband and I. The last time I was there for lunch, she told me to sit in the nicer chair and rubbed my belly (I hope it granted her some sort of good luck).They have a take out menu, $20 for 3 items with some authentic Chinese dishes. We'll have to try it out sometime and see if it's just as good. Word has been spreading that this place is pretty awesome and there's crazy waits. So word of advice, beat the mad rush (since the restaurant isn't that big) and eat an early meal.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2010,3/7/2011,167,739,5,7,7>I had been to Nola before, several years ago. I was on a date and drank a Hurricane both to impress the guy and to get sufficiently wackadoo for fun later. Ha! Usually, I've seen no reason to go back since then because I figured that's what people did there. Not eat.This time I ate the food and spent time with a large group of dining companions in a private room. It was very nice to be separated from the insanity permeating the main part of the restaurant. I was surprised how good the skirt steak was. As a driver, I had non-alcoholic cocktails, which were good too. As the dinner was drawing to a close, when he left the room we noticed that we could see one of our male diners from the chest up, out the window of our room, across the breezeway and in another window on the other side, appearing to go through the motions of peeing. Apparently we could all see into the men's bathroom. We waited until he was done to start attracting his attention and waving. He took it well.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2010,3/6/2011,505,313,5,12,6>I'm a huge wino so you can imagine my excitement when I found one so close to my maison! Jen and I came here the first week it was opened and immediately joined the wine club ($50 for 2 amazing bottles, not bad!). The service is friendly, wine is good, and patio seating with jazz and UB40 music playing takes me beyond the stifling suburbs and into the arms of  tiny waves on a white beach but BARRRGGGHHHHH!!! The Caltrain comes and knocks me back to concrete and Hunan Chili across the street.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2010,3/5/2011,137,208,3,5,4>1 star to start.Food (1 star):The fishies here are very delicious!  I think my favorite has to be the Nutella filling, followed by Vanilla, and usually whatever their catch of the week is (the most recent is Blueberry Oatmeal and I'd definitely recommend it). They layer the box the fishies are in and label each layer on the outside. The fishies come out very hot so be careful, though they do cool down quickly so don't wait too long.Service (0.5 stars):The staff here are usually very friendly and bring out your box of fishies, while explaining how they've layered the box and what each layer is. Other than that you don't really interact too much with them, though they're always willing to help out and answer whatever questions you may have when ordering.Value (0.5 stars):I can't say I have a real baseline for determining if this place is cheap or expensive so I'll stick with my middle-ground half star. You pay about $5.50 for a box of 12, which might seem like a lot for some dough and filling, but they are made with care and always come out well.Experience (1 star):The shop itself is very unique as there's always a movie of some sort playing in the background on the huge flatscreen, while they have an art gallery of local artists against one of the walls. Additionally, they have a lot of trinkets for sale and it really adds to the coziness and overall atmosphere of the place.  If you're going to order a school of fish, make sure you mention the word "Tokyo" and you'll receive an extra fishie for free. Also, you receive a free school of fish once you've ordered 10 schools.Overall:1.0 - Baseline1.0 - Food0.5 - Service0.5 - Value1.0 - Experience=============4 stars
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2010,3/3/2011,239,373,4,10,10>My boyfriend and I were bored on a Saturday afternoon and were trying to figure out something fun to do. A little too late in the day to drive down to Santa Cruz to go wine tasting, which was the original plan, we decided to see if there were any cool wine tasting places near Palo Alto.After doing some good Yelping, I found Artisan Wine Depot, which holds several weekly wine tasting, beer tasting, and even Sake tastings. Located in the convenient downtown Mountain View, we decided to give it a try. Upon first walking into the business, it seems a bit small, but walking into the back room where all the wines are stored and where the tastings were, it was really cool. Tons and tons of wines from all over the place, cool pictures and paintings on the walls, and a very friendly staff were there to help you with anything you needed.The wines we tasted today were from the Rhone region. I guess I need to get used to them some, having only dranken(?) mostly California wines in my life. They were eh-okay for me. This was not included in my ranking though, of course. The reason why I gave them 4/5 stars though, was because... although the place was great, there was not much room to walk around. It was rather difficult at times squeezing by people in the small walkways to walk around and get back in line at the bar to try the next wine. My only suggestion would be to reorganize a little so it's not so tight in there.Overall, great place, friendly staff, good selection of wines, fun events.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2011,3/2/2011,68,316,30,40,28>After reading about the bumper crop of crab, I read on yelp about getting LIVE FRESH DUNGENESS CRAB to take home and cook, I was game. Thanks Yelper's for helping me to my homework.First I got my cooler down and ran over to Slaveway and bought a bag of ice for $2.50 and placed it in the bottom of the cooler in the bag and off we went to Pillar Point Harbor!I had called the Pillar Point Harbor "Fish Line" which really was not much help as all they said was a bunch of boats had fresh live crab for sale. When I arrived on a Saturday afternoon and was worried about the crabs being sold out by then, but was relieved when I saw people walking off the pier towards me with bags of crab and big smiles on their faces. There is a white board outside the harbormaster's office with a list of boats and pier locations that all had live crab for sale which I found very helpful.After reading about Bill Webb and the "Cricket" on Yelp I made my way over to J-1 and got in line. Penny was helping Bill out as they had lots of fresh crabs with water pouring over them to keep them both alive and fresh with the water spilling out of their holding pen and out the holes in the gunnels on the boat.The price per pound was roughly $5.00 as I got three good size crabs for $19.00 and since the Chinese lady ahead of me must have really pissed old Bill off haggling with him over the price he threw another in when I offered to pay an even $20.00 for the three. Bill looks like he really works hard for a living and haggling is a real insult to their livelihood. Bill took the crabs and put them in a bucket with holes to let the water out and weighed them right there. I really liked Penny double bagging the crabs which kept my cooler from being a stinky mess and additional barrier to having them escape in my car or house!I made the following recipe I found in the Murky News and it was a huge hit with both me and my guests.mercurynews.com/recipes/I used the ice in the bag from my cooler for my cold shock bath to cool the crabs after boiling.The cooler kept the crabs sort of sedate as I did not want to put them in my freezer. I did hear a lot of "clicking" noises from the cooler while doing all the prep work. When I opened the bag to throw them in the pot (with my extra long tongs) to handle these guys, one had already lost a claw in the fight and the other was banging the others with a miniature folding chair! Talk about free entertainment.I bought a fresh loaf of Sourdough, made some Cole slaw, the Marie Rose sauce, and for dessert Key Lime Pie! Went great with a buttery 2006 Chalk Hill Chardonnay. The only down side were all my guests are raving for an encore!Penny gave me their card with their phone numbers which can save you a trip with gas now approaching $3.50 a gallon. Great people and great crab! I will be back!
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2010,3/1/2011,149,582,2,4,3>After being upsold on all kinds of cr@p from the other places, it was really nice to experience such fast (it really is 9 minutes!) and straightforward service.  They even tell you not to come back as soon if you get synthetic... nice!
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2010,5/18/2010,112,304,2,8,4>For my 200th review I knew I had to do something special. Where had I been that was not yet reviewed? Where was a place I absolutely adored and had not yet shared with my fellow reviewers? And then it came to me in the shower this morning... my most beloved part of my body was the gorgeous blue tattoo on my spine. Aha!I came to Godspeed for the first time in 2007. I already had a tattoo, but I had a design in mind for my back and on the many reviews I'd heard from my friends I decided to check it out. First of all Godspeed is the quintessential tattoo shop. I love the loud music playing, the personal designs they have out and about, and the great attitude of the artists themselves.Nick was my artist both times and he made me feel very comfortable and safe. All their equipment is sterilized and everything is very clean. After the fact I was told detailed instructions on how to take care of my tat and if I had any issues to call them immediately.So clearly when I wanted my third tattoo the next year, I came right back to Godspeed. Since Nick was continuing the same design from the year before he remembered me, and offered to re-color my previous tattoo with no extra charge. This way there wouldn't be a few months in between where one portion would be brighter than the other. I was once again very impressed. I would recommend them to everyone I know, which I frequently do. I can't wait to go back this year to continue my design.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2009,5/17/2010,111,233,6,11,11>Being a volunteer I have the chance to enjoy everything this market has to offer. Family oriented and dog friendly. Local musicians. Every fruit and vegetable you could imagine. The flower selection is phenomenal. Home grown honey. Jewelry and hand bag vendors. Meditteranean food. Kettle Corn. Last but not least my favorite booth the Redwood City Public Library. They sell used books, VHS and CD's for only 50 cents. If these aren't enough reasons for you to get in your car, ride your bike or just walk there, I'm afraid you're going to miss out on a great community fulfilling experience.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2010,5/16/2010,876,750,20,29,26>The Milk Pail has a cult following. For a grocery store, that's impressive. The sign in the front heralds a "European-style open-air market." If by European style they mean cramped and haphazardly organized, then this is accurate. But it's not really European-style, whatever that might mean. It's all Californian. And, despite the crowded aisles and bric-a-brac feel to the place, it's pretty much all good.The Milk Pail has character and a killer storyline sure to appeal to foodies and locavores and people looking for a cool place that is worth the drive. The proud proprietor, Steve Rasmussen, acquired this place in 1974 when the earlier owners went bankrupt. These were tough times in the wake of the first OPEC oil embargo, and the Santa Clara Valley was definitely a much different place than it is now. The old Milk Pail sounded like a quirky place - a drive-through dairy - and that sense of difference has apparently stayed. I can only imagine how much the world around the MP changed since 1974. Somehow, Steve & Co. kept this place vibrant and profitable as Whole Foods and all the rest swept over the American consumer marketplace. So, when we arrived for Visit #1, there was a lot of history that was inaccessible to us.What, then, can you expect here? Cheeses to die for, stored away in refrigerated shelves with hundreds of selections from which to choose. We were being conservative, and we still came away with a German Tilsit, a Bulgarian AND Greek Feta, a Spanish Manchego, an aged Californian goat and cow milk cheddar, and an Italian Taleggio. Plus butters from Germany and France, some excellent organic fennel bulbs, some British biscuits, local breads, Greek olives, and a few other items that seemed worthwhile. There are thousands of items here, some supremely local (Duarte's fruit pies from Pescadero, for example), others kind of rare (Russian mineral water), and a never-ending ebb and flow of customers in search of things both conventional and unusual. I can see why it is so loved. But you must endure tight spaces and often long lines, so be prepared. Is it worth it? Sure. No question. This is a special place. That is uncontested. Will we come here more often? Probably. But we love our local farmer's markets - the open air, the fresh organic selections, the contact with the vendors, the thrill of the local. And the New Leaf in Half Moon Bay will always be a more pleasant and relaxing stop on a Saturday morning. But Milk Pail concentrates more shopping thrills per square inch than virtually anyplace I have seen on the Peninsula. You will certainly find something new each and every time you come here. It will be an adventure. And you will not leave empty-handed. Will you become a regular? Maybe. But the experience is unforgettable. And that is what, in the end, life is all about.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2010,5/15/2010,100,278,1,6,4>I've been a fan of Devil's Canyon for a few years now. I'm really not a drinker but go out of my way to frequent local restaurants that have DC on tap. They are still going strong.... They seemed to have settled in with their product line and besides the introduction of the best root beer I have ever tried, they seem to be sticking with their tried and true beers. A few notes on the people who have marked them down on things.... Yes, As with all good products and fun things, they catch on. Over the years Beer Friday has grown quite popular and is crowded. Deal with it!!  Of course it is popular!   What would you like them to do... turn people away?? Also, the people who complain about the food.... The food is provided by local restaurants and catering companies who come in and sell their goods. The brewery doesn't make it... and really has nothing to do with the food. If you don't like the food, then find out what company is doing the catering that night and give them a bad yelp review.. not the brewery.As common sense as it may seem, Devil's Canyon Brewing Company makes the beer... Not the food. Still a great place after all these years!
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2010,5/14/2010,12,183,10,7,10>Came here for lunch today. The place was packed, so my friend and I decided to get take-out.When we arrived there were about 5 people in line before us and all the tables were taken. That was the first sign that this place is good. There was one guy at the counter taking orders AND dealing with all the tables. I was impressed with how quick and efficient he was at multi-tasking. It took about 10 minutes for us to get our food (from the time we walked in, to the time we left).The food was good; fresh veggies and the beef was tender and flavorful like it had been marinated. I could definitely see myself making this at home, but considering the price and how nice the visual presentation is of the food, it's a lot easier just to come here.The one thing I was disappointed about was that the complimentary frozen yogurt is ONLY for people who eat there. If you get a take-out order you will get the additional kimchi and spicy red bean sauce, but not the dessert. I felt it was kind of unfair because it's supposed to come with your meal (you don't pay extra for it). And while I can understand that it might be an inconvenience to get frozen yogurt to-go since it might melt, I would like to at least be offered the choice. In my situation I was getting it to take home (where I could have put it in the freezer while I was eating). Heck, if they had offered, I probably would have eaten it there while I was waiting for my order. Nothing wrong with having dessert first. :)
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2010,5/13/2010,350,253,26,12,13>I've decided I'm an Espetus legend (if only in my mind).So, basically, I come here last Sunday for a birthday lunch and do not need to eat dinner Sunday, or breakfast or lunch Monday.  Fo'serious.I have nothing to say about the salad bar, as I really only went up there to get a plate.The carbs on the table were delicious, I especially loved the fried plantains. But the meat, oh the meat.  I tried a little bit of everything that came to me, and I really enjoyed it.  BP (Before Prawns) I tried chicken breast, bacon-wrapped chicken, flank steak, sirloin steak, chicken heart, and grilled pineapple.But then the Giant Prawns came.  So, the birthday group was seated at a very long table, with me on the side furthest from the kitchen.  The first two times prawns came out they were all taken by prawn-loving folk at the upper end of the table.But not the third time.  Prawn Man came for the third time and I flagged him down.  He had two skewers, but one had already been exhausted.  He asked me how many I wanted.  With greedy eyes, I respond "6"  "12? he asks"  Thinking this is a funny game we're playing, I say, "47!".He gives me all the prawns on that skewer.  So I'm the asshole who took all the prawns.  But my tablemates think it's funny instead of rude, so it's all good.Prawn Count: 14So, ha ha Prawn man is so funny, I'm happily munching away at my prawns.  I haven't finished all fourteen on my plate when..."Surprise!"Prawn man has returned.  And he is taunting me with prawns.I get six more.Prawn Count: 20By now, I am definitely slowing down.  It does help that the latter 6 prawns are a lot heavier on the garlic and do taste a bit better.  I'm almost done when..."Surprise!"The table erupts in laughter.  Prawn Man is back.  I shake my head as he eggs me on..."Just one or two!"I get two more.  Prawn Man loves me.  He says I need to take a picture.  We take a picture of me holding my plate full of prawn shells and him holding a prawn to my mouth.  Remind me to upload it to yelp.Prawn Count: 22I FINALLY make my way through all these prawns.  Dessert comes out (who ordered dessert?) and I have a few spoonfuls of ice cream.  We try to figure out the 23-person check (even though everybody got the same thing it still took forever....) when..."Surprise!"Mind you, the waitstaff had already cleared the table.  Prawn Man comes out with a new napkin, silverware, and plate for me.  And on the plate are....four prawns.I offer prawns to the table, but only get one taker.  I eat the other three.  And Prawn Man is my new best friend.FINAL PRAWN COUNT: 25(For reference, each prawn is slightly smaller than my fist.)(and I swear to god this is all true.)
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2010,5/12/2010,76,236,5,8,6>My Lebanese food benchmark is my mother's cooking, this is the food I grew up eating. Only one restaurant has ever topped her and that is Sannin in London. Now there's another, Sahaara.The dishes I judge all Lebanses retaurants on are foul medames, falafel, dolmas and baba ganouj. Sahaara produced perfect examples of each of these. The star of the show for me was the foul, perfect half crushed, half whole bean consistency, deep flavor with just the right hint of tomato. Yum! The dolmas glistened with oil and were spot on and the baba ganouj, while I like a little more smoke to mine, was a creamy delight. If I had to be picky, guys, where were the pickled turnips? :-)On top of that, these guys are really friendly, the service was excellent and I like the casual atmosphere and the fact they have a courtyard out back. There's nothing Americanized about their dishes, unlike the majority of Mediterranean restaurants in the area they have remained faithful to the recipes' origins. If you don't like their food then you don't know Lebanese food from nothing!
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2010,5/11/2010,249,513,6,7,7>i was truly in disbelief and absolutely amazed by every dish we ordered from old town sushi. and here is why. and if you don't believe me, see the pictures.hamachi sashimi - $9.95: on the menu it clearly says 6 pieces. to my amazement and surprise, the plate arrived with 12 full and thick slices of hamachi. and don't think that they skipped out on the freshness, because they definitely did not. the hamachi was definitely fresh.stuffed mushrooms - $4: 6 enormous pieces of mushroom caps stuffed with imitation crab and then completely coated in panko and deep dried. seriously, $4!salmon kama - $5.50: not only are you getting kama, you're getting an entire 2 inch thick filet of salmon also. again...seriously, $5.50!san francisco roll - $4.95: where in the world are you going to get a full sized roll with tons of fresh fish stuffed in it for less than $5?!?! this roll had hamachi, salmon, tuna, crispy crunch, and special sauce. california king roll - i forgot exactly how much but aren't you getting the picture yet?: scallops and mayo over california roll baked and topped with tobiko. the lunch and dinner combinations range from $6-$9 and you are getting HUGE and generous portions of food. you'd be missing out if you didn't give this place a try. the quality of the food is a very slight notch above average which compared to most of the other japanese restaurants in san mateo, it's a top competitor...and for a fraction of the competitive price!
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2010,5/10/2010,130,243,7,7,7>Sunday dim sum at Champagne was great today.  Highlights:  heavily staffed with people throwing food, water, utensils, and general service at you (they must have read those early reviews!).  What was really good?  1) The luo buo gao was the best I have had in years.  It brought me back to dim sum in Flushing, Queens.  Yeah, that good.2) The chive dumplings were great.  Apparently I am the only person who likes them, but I went through two orders3) The tofu wrapped dumpling thingee (help me out here people, what is it called?) was excellent.  And so hot I lost the entire top of my mouth. How good was the service?  Let's go to the video.  I administered my complicated three-part service test:  1) Thirst:  I drank 5 glasses of water and 2 pots of tea.  They cheerfully ran to the table and refilled everything.2) Hunger:  We had so many different dishes to us that our ratio of "hao" to "bu yao" was something like 1:4, which meant we were not left sitting there hungry like can happen at dim sum3) Fresh:  the food came out so hot that my very Chinese father-in-law had to wait for it to cool off.  That is *fresh*.Champagne may have a weird name (and I saw zero people drinking champagne), but by redoing the Joy Luck space, hiring lots of servers, and putting out high-quality food, I think they have put together a great dim sum place.  We will be back.  A lot!
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2009,5/8/2010,674,366,7,15,11>We love Fabio wooooooo! That's the name of our driver for our trip to downtown SF which as everyone in the bay area knows is a hellish drive especially during the hours of 5pm and beyond during a week night. Surprisingly we got there in 30 minutes easily from the Peninsula without any problems. And when we riding back, the limo was still in pristine order (He cleaned up our messes we made earlier). We'll definitely be riding again for our future trips around the bay area.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,7/27/2011,127,1093,4,13,10>Second time around, our dining experience was even more impressive. In the 6 months since I've been here, the chef has gone beyond just flavor spheres and mousses to create adventerous dishes that involve more of the senses. With each course, you're amazed that the base ingredients are from the local farmers market because each dish is transformed into such a unique experience. Service has definitely become more polished with the setting silverware, removal if dishes, introductions to the courses, etc. We also really appreciated that they were so accommodating to dietary restrictions, since most tasting menus don't do substitutions. We really appreciated the extra thought put into each substituted course, as the alternative did not pale to the original menu item.Definitely go all out for the molecular gastronomy option, which ends up being 15 or 16 courses. The other option is more traditional French fare.Highlights this night included the sponge carrot bread service, the signature 62 degree egg, the prawn custard with a piquillo pepper center, the bacon wrapped pork with apple foam, sous vid quail, and the dessert of rum spheres in a citrusy foamed frozen concoction, topped with pop rocks.Even if you opt out of the wine pairings, consider a cocktail, like the baumetini with lilikoi pearls or the razzetini with liquid nitrogen frozen raspberry puree.It's definitely not a cheap meal but is one of the most unique dining experiences you can find in the bay area, conveniently located on the peninsula.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2011,7/26/2011,674,366,8,10,10>I'm actually surprised there is a nice looking bar in the peninsula (well sort of close to the peninsula) that can provide impressive cocktails. Kinda wished this place was near Palo Alto so we don't have to go through all the traffic to get to Burlingame.Tried the Cucumber martini which was excellent. They have an excellent outdoor area at the back for gatherings. Looking forward to visiting this place again.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,7/25/2011,809,645,12,15,14>At 4:15 pm, the radio said that some poor soul was perched on the Dumbarton Bridge waiting to cause havoc with himself and who knows else and that the bridge was closed for the night.  Instantly, traffic stopped on all alternative routes and I was stuck.  After attempting multiple detours, I looked for a place to park the car and hold out until the chaos had ended.  Lucky me - I ended up in front of Martins West Gastropub.Let's start by saying that the building is so old that Wyatt Earp drank at this bar.  Well, it wasn't *this* bar, but it was this building and they have an actual picture of him on the wall.  The bar itself is made from an old building; the booths and standalone tables made from barrels and other fine wood.  Charming?  Absolutely!The food was unique and really good.  I had a charcuterie plate with Oxtail something or other, rabbit sausage and duck pate.  All I can say is YUM!  The duck pate was pretty average, but average for me means tasty.  The Oxtail was bold and really in your face.  It came with a mild mustard that settled the outrageousness of the flavor.  The rabbit sausage was nice, but paired with the pickled veggies on the side it really made my taste buds happy.The wine list had a lot of variety with many wines I'd never seen before.  I ordered a glass of something that the bartender didn't know what it was and I guess wasn't ordered often.  Nice, but not really worth the $18 per glass.  My next order of wine was half the price with lots more flavor.A unique food experience with good service and great wine.  I got out for under $50 and will definitely be back again.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2011,7/24/2011,137,251,7,9,8>I love farmers' market. I know it's pricey, but that's what you pay to support your local farmers. I had to give it 4 stars because it can't compare to my all time favorite market in Davis (shout out to Davis because I haven't been to one that has out beat you!).Went on a beautiful day to CSM and the farmers' market was poppin'. Lots of fruits and veggies, dried fruits, baked goods, flowers, oils, Mediterranean foods, juice, oils, soaps, chicken, and all that fresh grown and hand crafted goodness. I'll have to say that my favorite is always sampling that spinach bread with different sauces (yogurt, pesto etc.). The name escapes me now...My mom loves flowers and she bought a ton of seasonal planting flowers and well as saw GOOD priced potted flowers. She buys flowers every where and she said the prices the farmers were selling it at were TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE.You should scout out the whole market (it's not THAT big) before picking any foods up because some sell similar foods for a better price. I saw a lot of different types of veggies that you don't normally find in stores. It took us about 1 hour to wander around the 2 rows of tents. I wish there was more to be curious about or a place to relax and sit to enjoy some snacks.Cheers to our farmers! As my friend would put it, "College of Sexy Men" is one place to be on a Saturday mornin'!
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,7/23/2011,134,817,4,11,6>Gelato alert.  They just stocked up: they have Strawberry, and also lemon-mint sorbet.affogato with a scoop of fig/almond: yelp.com/biz_photos/3XwVThey use Danesi coffee.Also on tap this summer: chilled soups, like watermellon: yelp.com/biz_photos/3XwVI tried the rib sandwich: yelp.com/biz_photos/3XwVIt's OK: fall-off-the-bone tender beef ribs, nice and juicy, just enough fat.  It's OK, but I think I prefer the other sandwiches.The zeppole mini-donuts are as good as ever: yelp.com/biz_photos/3XwVThe breakfast panino is awesome: yelp.com/biz_photos/3XwVDon't miss the bombolini, the Italian donut holes filled with pastry cream: yelp.com/biz_photos/3XwVThey come out of the fryer about 7:30 AM, and are gone by about 8:30 AM (you can call ahead to reserve one).
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,7/22/2011,574,428,7,9,9>As I'm writing this review I'm drinking my hot,smooth fresh 16 oz nonfat latte. I got there on an early Monday morning, the service was good , friendly. This is a really cute coffee shop with delicious coffee!
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2011,7/21/2011,537,588,20,31,28>5 STARS No Question. In honor of Erik Wahlberg's birthday, I've decided to Yelp once again...  The IMPACT! kickboxing fitness class is simply awesome. Erik's IMPACT! class has helped me change my life in the areas of health and fitness. For this I'm eternally grateful. It's outstanding for it's dollar to value ratio. Each class is only $12.00 for a 1.5 hour workout with no long term commitments. I've been convinced to purchase blocks of 11 or 12 classes which brings the cost down to $10 per class.  see: impactkickboxingfitness.The classes start out with a light warm up involving a jog outside the facility for 3 laps. Then we stretch. Then we shadowbox / shadowkick with a partner to continue warming up. After we've warmed up, the classes are broken up into two groups: one doing heavy bag work for the more experienced folks, the other doing additional floor exercises for the new folks. The class has grown considerably from it's humble roots of 8-10 hardcore devotees 2 years ago to over 200 members as of July 2011. It continues to grow and the quality of instruction has continued to stay high, allowing Erik's Impact students to focus on technique, speed, endurance and power. In addition to heavy bag work for punching and kicking, Erik's Imapct class also has 80 pound dummies for practicing ground and pound drills, knee drills, submission holds, and throwing. If all of this isn't enough, Erik also incorporates about 10 minutes of intense ab/core work into the routine. You are guaranteed to sweat in the Impact workout.  Other notes:- parking is plentiful and free- bring your own towel and water- suggestions: purchase your own wraps and boxing gloves- in case you are new, gloves and wraps are available to borrow for the class- IMPACT!'s YouTube footage here: youtube.com/watch?v=cvpkThis class is fun. What makes it even better are the people taking the class! They are focused, intense and dedicated on the mat and they are incredibly fun outside too! This class is also great for couples. I thank my wife for dragging me in in 2009 to keep her company, I've been hooked on working out with her ever since. Erik has been an incredible instructor since the early days at Golds/Crunch in San Mateo and now a great friend.  Thank you for creating the IMPACT! program!  "Keep Fighting!" :)#592
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2011,7/20/2011,90,588,11,11,9>This is a review by a vegetarianFIrst there were restorantes, then bistros, trattorias, enotecas, now locandas. I'm convinced the Italians do the same thing with pasta shape names, "Quick Luigi, all the American yuppies know what bucatini and farfelle are now, make a noodle shaped like a witch's broom and call it 'covenenae' "Anyway, the uppity scale pizza here is delicious. The DCs didn't seem to enjoy their dead animal pie as much as I did my Margharita but they still liked. Their beet salad also looked good.We actually finished the complex-carb /simple-carb poster dessert: nutella calzone. When it arrived it looked like it could feed 4 but the three of us polished off two desserts no problem.It's a little swanky for your 3-year old otherwise they welcome all types of diners for all kinds of occasions.Open till 10pm which is great for this slice of suburban life.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2011,7/18/2011,181,676,16,17,17>I'd seen this place around for a long time, and finally got around to trying them.  I had no idea that I was in for such a surprise!I was honestly not expecting it to be so fancy!  I thought, hmmm, a place that serves gumbo and jambalaya... how fancy could that be?  Well, the answer is VERY.  But hey, nothing wrong with that.  Except for the price... this place can be very pricey!  One minor caveat is that I don't really like seafood.  and that left me with very very few menu choices (two).  So I ordered the steak.  The biggest surprise of all... when I order filet, I *expect* it to be good, but I was not expecting it to be one of the *best* filets I've had (let alone at a creole restaurant!).  The service was also top-notch; definitely went the extra mile.  Why no five-stars?  Well, the prices are sky-high for everything on the menu, and the menu has very little variety.  They've pretty much got everything it takes to be a 5-star restaurant, but just based off my personal preferences, it's not "as good as it gets."  Sorry! - but it was still better than all my expectations!!
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2011,7/17/2011,852,371,9,11,10>There are a total of 2 two-person tables in this restaurant. Seating is bar (non-alcholic) style in a zig-zag style - apparently, the same as ramen places in Japan, so be prepared to meet some new neighbors. They have the usual in front of you - kimchi, peppers, and barley tea - and they have two TVs playing random Japanese entertainment shows. The fried chicken is really good and every time I'm here, I'm guaranteed to order that. When I was younger (and Ryowa had just opened), I would always order fried rice, but I've felt like it's gotten progressively worse and now tastes average. I always get the Ryowa (original) ramen - there's this indescribable taste to the base that makes it incredible and is unique to Ryowa. Can't wait to come back!
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,8/18/2012,154,83,3,4,3>Dive bar? checkPeanuts on the floor? checkDirty? checkCheap drinks? checkMexican food inside bar? double check!LOVE this place - I'm a dive bar kind of girl and this place is the best I've found in this area. It's a bit gross but the drinks are cheap, they have my Tennessee Honey Whiskey that I oh so adore and they even have an air hockey table. PERFECTION!
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,8/17/2012,93,447,,6,2>GOOD BLENDS OF ASIAN FUSION!I came here tonight and ordered for takeout.  The four things I ordered were:1. Malaysian Roti - not bad.  The sauce has less peanut and more tangy taste to it.  Surprisingly, I kind of liked it!  It comes with 3 good size pieces for you to enjoy.2. Indonesian Shrimp Chips - it came highly recommended by the staff (extremely friendly and helpful woman) here so I ordered it.  I actually liked that too!  It has a sweet taste to it.  It came with the same dipping sauce as the Malaysian Roti.  It is also good to eat without the sauce as an option.  It was crispy and delicious.3.  Pho (Rare beef with tendons and combination).  This style of PHO is not authentic to the usual Vietnamese style -- but rather a fusion of Indo-China-Vietnamese Style.  I can 't speak for everyone -- but having traveled through many parts of Asia - I can understand the reasoning behind this style of flavoring.  Keep in mind that 213 Bistro does not provide your PHO soup with the typical Vietnamese mints and herbs and bean sprouts, nor it did not also have that typical clear broth most Vietnamese soups are very famous for, but if I had to rate it from 1-5  with 5 being the best -  I would have to give it a 3!  Overall, not too shabby!4.  I ordered their Beef Fried Rice.  You have the choice of shrimp, chicken or vegetables if you like.  Surprisingly, I kind of like this one too!  It has again that flavor from Thailand and Malaysian combined and maybe a bit of Indonesian to it.  It is refreshingly new to my taste bud and gut feeling tells me - I like it!  It sure has a kick to it!One thing I noticed and liked about 213 BISTRO is their EXCELLENT SERVICE.  Just sitting and waiting I got to observed their excellent and most attentive service with their dine in customers.  And again - although I only ordered take out - they provided me right away with a hot tea and seated me at their waiting area.  With that alone - I will definitely return and dine in the next time.  If I can make a suggestion - keep an open mind especially on their style of  flavoring and blending culinary taste with the different Asian countries.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,8/16/2012,376,293,4,5,5>The infamous Dojo Ramen across the street was packed with lines around the street corner, so my friend and I decided to try Ramen Parlor, its sister noodle joint.  What a pleasant surprise!I ordered their classic ramen with spicy pork garlic broth.  Each bowl runs a little under $10 and the broth bursts with intense flavor.  The pork was flavorful, although not so tender and I loved the abundance of toppings at no additional cost.  Noodles were a nice, firm texture.  Overall, I was very satisfied with the ramen here.  My buddy got the lobster infused pork garlic broth and since I'm allergic to shellfish, I didn't get to try it.  He said it was good, but preferred the regular pork broth.We also tried the braised pork cheeks as a starter.  Savory and succulent, these fatty, juicy pieces of pork cheek were a hit.I will definitely return for more noodle adventures!
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2012,8/15/2012,711,1139,15,22,22>The authenticity of the food is their wow.Driving here tells me we're in San Mateo. Tasting and eating their home style comfort food of hamburger steaks, curry, and fried cutlets tells me we're in Japan. It wasn't busy for lunch but I could imagine as word gets around, this place will get busier. I like how most of the staff and customers are Japanese. (yelp.com/biz_photos/d0IB)*OROSHI HAMBURGER STEAK ($10.5) Tender and juicy, it was flavored like a Japanese meatloaf. Already topped with grated daikon and a ponzu lime sauce I added bacon to add some smoky and salty to the sweet and savory.  Waves of flavor. -Saruno burger is the only place that has Japanese hamburgers that I know of and this place is better than that. *BLACK PORK CUTLET CURRY PLATE ($10.5)Light and crisp panko crust with a juicy and tender Berkshire pork meatloaf inside. Pretty awesome with good flavor on the Japanese curry with strips of beef and carrots. I'd order it again. (yelp.com/biz_photos/d0IB)-Shrimp curry plate instead of pork, same price, only two shrimp though. (yelp.com/biz_photos/d0IB)*JAPANESE LOCO MOCO ($10.5)Same hamburger steak patty as in the Usagi but this one came topped with a soft yolked egg. (yelp.com/biz_photos/d0IB)* Their light crispy and juicy CHICKEN KATSU is way above average.  (yelp.com/biz_photos/d0IB)Menu (yelp.com/biz_photos/d0IB)   .(yelp.com/biz_photos/d0IB)Overall, it's more like a 4.3 but DEFINITELY added to the bargain bite lunch rotation!(yelp.com/biz_photos/d0IB)If you like this, you might also like Kitchen Kura in SF.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2012,8/14/2012,330,533,7,6,8>Great food, great service!We were in Redwood City, looking for a good taqueria, and found there are many in this general area -- and more than one with the name Grullense -- but we settled on this place.  I'm glad we did.You can find all the usual taqueria menu items here, but they also have more unusual stuff that I can't always find.  Like elote, which is corn slathered in a slightly spicy cheese-mayo topping.  It may sound gross, but it's heavenly.  Sadly, I didn't try this because I didn't see it on the menu 'til after I'd ordered.  The menu consists of many, many pictures.  Be sure to look at the whole thing before you order.  Many items are only listed in Spanish, but the pics help with the translation.El Grullense has both indoor and outdoor seating, and they appear to have a full bar in the back.  There were two TVs showing various sporting events, and it made for a rather noisy dining experience.  I didn't mind, because it was funny to hear the announcers shouting "Goooooooooool," in various dramatic ways.  I was cracking up!The counter is well-staffed and the employees were very nice and helpful.  We tried several tacos.  I liked them all, but I thought the chile verde was the tastiest.  I can't wait to come back and try the corn, and perhaps get some fried plantains for dessert.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,8/13/2012,659,1527,5,17,10>Dinner was amazing.   A great new find for San Mateo!  We shared a lot of small dishes family style. The small plate menu makes it easy to share a lot of dishes. It was hard to make choices of what to order because everything sounded delicious. We picked:-Charcuterie-Baby artichokes-Fries-Fish & Chips-Hanger steak with quinoa-Lamb Sliders-Pork Belly-Strawberry fold over tart (think pop tart but 100 times better)Think modern, sustainable, comfort food.  Not heavy but balanced.    Products are sourced from California. Service was excellent despite it being the first, true opening night.  The space is comfortable and welcoming. Wine and beer selections were good and well priced.Atmosphere is casual, but cozy and elegant.Can't wait to go back.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2012,8/12/2012,1187,969,7,14,12>Tonight marked the first night of the San Mateo Night Farmers Market which will be held every Wednesday from 4:30 - 8:30pm at the San Mateo Event Center. Not only has it got local Farmers selling fresh local produce but also a great selection of food trucks to feast on. The market itself was very small - just a few stalls selling Fruits & Vegetables, I expected there to be a lot more stalls but of course the main attraction was the food trucks. The line up for the evening was:Treatbot, We Sushi, Sam's Chowdermobile, Pollo Fritto, Kasa Indian, Hiyaaa, Sanguchon and Yumsilog.There was also meant to be Pollo Fritto but it was a no show (booo!). I was really disappointed as I specifically went there for the Chicken Sandwich. Shame on the event center for sending me an email just hours before it started telling me it was there. I got all excited for a Chicken Sandwich but ended up having a Barbacoa from Sanguchon instead (review for that can be found here:  yelp.com/biz/sanguchon-p) so it wasn't a complete bust.Great event with a big turnout. Yay for food trucks in San Mateo! *TIP* There is FREE parking at this event too!EDIT: The amount of farmers stalls has increased! Last week (4th July) there was twice as many stalls and the organizers say they will be adding more which is good as I think it's lacking somewhat for a Market. The stalls that are currently there are selling fresh locally grown Fruits and Vegetables as well as one selling fresh Breads and tasty looking baked goods.                    **************************** Wednesday 24th October food truck line up ***************************** Last one of the year*Supplied by Moveable Feast:Treatbot, KoJa Kitchen, An the Go, Mayo & Mustard, Curry Up Now, Chairman, Taqueria Angelica's & Saruno Burger. No Farmer's stalls this week though as they have packed up for the season.                    **************************** Wednesday 24th October food truck line up ****************************
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2012,8/11/2012,91,248,,10,4>Let me start off by saying this is the go to spot for corals on this side of the bay!  My first encounter with Matt was when he was first selling while in college and every animal was healthy and bloomed in my system.  I never got a sick animal--nothing would be sold that wasn't top notch quality.   I get the feeling that Matt is in this for the flourish-ment of the hobby and not for his own pocketbook. He took the time out to see what i had, what would go with what I had in my tank already, what my flow rate is, lighting is, etc.Only after he knew what would do alright in my tank would he sell me animals that he thought would do well in my tank.  I got email updates to new items going in as well as he asked how other animals that were previously sold were doing.   I had the opportunity to go into his new location and it looks to be epic.. Somewhat of an exotic boutique... The prices are pretty reasonable as well!!If you get a chance, hop in this spot.. It's a little hard to find but if you know san carlos, it's right behind the harbor bar.  You may have to park on harbor itself and walk as the parking lot is small.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,8/10/2012,265,124,3,6,3>Baji's is an absolute gem!... Move over Bills, chill out Flames... Because I have a new fave!Price?More than reasonable! I might even go as far as saying they're underpriced for a Brunch spot. If you consider how little you pay, for how much food you get, plus the quality of food... You'd agree with me.Food?Charleston Skillet, Ohhhh mylanta is that skillet delicious!!! As much as I want to try other things, I like sticking to what I know. But I leave it to my companions to try new stuff. So I can totally vouche for the deliciousness of their benedicts, chicken sandwich, french fries, fried zucchini, clam chowder, and their delicious fluffy pancakes. I tried their mimosas, which was so-so but nothing that would turn me off.Service?Delightful! They have one person who acts as your main server, then they have runners taking care of the smaller things like refills & dishes. Then you have one guy manning the register who is usually the owner. Service time depends on the hour you visit, we usually go a little after 12 just so the morning rush dies down and we have an excuse to pick from the bfast or lunch menu.Restaurant?Cozy with a true neighborhood feel. No fancy antics, just you and other people...exactly what matters the most. They have outdoor patio seating where your four legged friends are welcome to join you!Places like Bajis make me so grateful for living in Mountain VIew!
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,8/9/2012,190,256,3,4,3>I'm not sure I want to tell people about this place.  It's a gem for various reasons...mainly the view of the Santa Cruz mountains, but it's now becoming a tradition for my team.From sandwiches, salads, daily specials, this place has quite a bit of variety.  I can't say anything is can't miss in terms of the food, but everything I have had has been good.  I think the Moussaka has been my favorite dish to date.Be sure to grab a ginger beer to accompany your meal!  Save one for me!
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2008,9/21/2009,264,114,6,6,6>Went here for Sunday brunch, thanks to the Yelp reviews on this place. I'm a big crepe snob (I've yet to find one that takes like what I ate from a street vendor in Paris) so I had high expectations for this supposedly legit French creperie.First off, a warning, the place is smmmmmallll (small, in English). Maybe I somehow missed that in the reviews, but yea, it's teeny tiny (I'm talking six small tables inside, two outside, most seating two people.)For the top reviews of this place and it's size, I was surprised that the wait wasn't too long. They got people in and out of there like clockwork, somehow, even though the service was kind of spotty. I noticed that the second people arrived outside to look for a table, miraculously a group got up at a table suited for the size of their party. It was a marvel, really.Part of it is that they have signs on each table that say "no laptops, please." Somehow the table next to us didn't have that sign, and of course a lady comes in and starts to use her laptop. They didn't bug her about it though, I guess it wasn't busy enough to matter.Onto the important stuff - food and service. The waiter, who I'm pretty sure was French, seemed to have a little bit of an attitude, but that kind of made the place authentic. Service-wise, we were ignored a bit, and it took a while to get our food. That's my -1 star for this place. It's small enough that the waiter should be able to get around to all the tables in a timely fashion, even though he was doing the whole thing on his own. So I was left a bit underwhelmed in that department.However the food was... magnifique! Not quite my Paris experience, but really good nonetheless. I split the Maxine crepe (cheese, spinach, egg and mushroom) and another crepe (apples, walnuts, brie) with my mom. They were both tasty. Then we had the Nutella and banana crepe for dessert (because, yes, I allow myself to be a fat pig when going for crepes) and wowie. But, to be fair, you can't go wrong with nutella and bananas.Tips: Order the buckwheat crepe batter for a more authentic crepe. It tastes a lot better anyway.If you like spicy mochas or spicy hot chocolate, you'll LOVE Bistro Maxine. My bf ordered the spicy mocha and it was SO HUGE. They bring it to you in a soup bowl. I had a taste and it was delicious. Spicy indeed. Just wish the water glasses they used were bigger because every time I had a small sip of that beauty I finished off an entire glass of H2O!
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2009,9/20/2009,125,185,4,7,5>First off, it looks like they've decorated (since the other reviews said it was just a case and some curtains) - the shop is a littleee cheesily done, with sparkly curtains and lots of pastels, but it looks like it was lovingly done so I can't fault it! I got there around 5pm and a lot of the cookies I was told about (lemon poppyseed!) were sold out. There were still a lot of other yummy looking ones though, so I didn't mind.I got a snickerdoodle, a sugar cookie with sprinkles (I love sprinkles...), and the brown sugar apple one. While the snickerdoodle was a bit dry on the edges, the rest of it and the other cookies were moist and really, really good!One employee looked like he was still learning the ropes from another, but they were both courteous and nice, even apologizing to me about how slow their credit card machine was.Looks like they've made some definite improvements since the last reviews, and their cookies are delicious and moist, so 5 stars. :D
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2009,9/19/2009,95,66,7,7,6>I came here most recently with a friend on a HOT Sunday afternoon. With all fingers and toes crossed, we pulled into the parking lot in hopes of seeing some form of AC inside. Result? Fail. Their definition of air conditioning involves some heavy sweating by the patrons accompanied with a few lazy fans and both doors propped open. We decided that it was the mark of a truly authentic Mexican restaurant and proceeded.Anyway, if you've been here, you know that they are well known for their amazing super burritos, which are chock full of flavor and toppings without sacrificing size or heft. They use the cool crispy aluminum foil that I (from SoCal) have come to know as truly Mexican.I wasn't feeling too hungry at the time (it was my second lunch, FML) so I simply ordered a super pollo quesadilla which was AMAZING. It was still pretty big, and simply a nomnom-worthy combination of guacamole, sour cream, pollo asado, beans, salsa and cheese all hot-pressed between two flaky, crispy yet hearty tortillas. All for 3.50 - what a steal!Friend and I's food (she got a burrito) amounted to 9 after tax. We could have eaten at McDonald's and spent more, which I actually know from past experience. Come here hungry in the summer and leave sweaty yet happy, 4 stars.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/8/2009,9/17/2009,198,505,5,6,6>This is as authentic as it gets in Mountain View if you want some HK style meals. I've always been a fan of the pork chop over rice dish. I swear it's probably easy to make too, but as always, I've always been too easy to make it. The gooey ketchup space smothered over the pork chop on top of the rice, mmmm... The only complaint I would have is to order this around people your size. I was there for lunch with a few guys once and three of us decided to order the same dish. Is it because I'm a girl or something? They gave me the smallest pork chop, and I was probably the hungriest of the three too. Arghh! Anyway, overall, that's a dish that you can't go wrong with.I have never tried the club sandwiches they offer, but always loved the way it looks in pictures. It's something about Chinese people toasting your bread and putting the sandwich together with no crust (for all I know, it's probably just cheapy Wonder bread). I could never justify paying so much for a sandwich I can easily make at home though, so I passed on that. But one day, I will "splurge" and eat that sucker.The wanna be roti prata isn't that great... for one, the bread is thick. To my knowledge, roti prata is supposed to be thin and crispy. The curry (since it's made by Chinese people, hence not deemed to be authentic) was just meh as well.For sore throats and feeling under the weather, the congee (thousand year old egg and lean meat) is what I usually go for. You can't go wrong with this either, even though it's really easy to make at home as well, but when you're sick, are you really going to make that for yourself?Most of the usual HK dishes you're used to seeing is served there and for the most part, it's more hit than miss for me. They usually serve you tea and I love how the tea smells like HK style milk tea but has just the taste of regular tea.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2009,9/15/2009,570,972,7,5,4>Iron Gate has been shooting a lot of local target-marketing Comcast commercials in the recent years. It's funny to see the transition from legit, high-quality commercials to Iron Gate ones which are super low-budget, shot with a camera with less definition than an iPhone. When you actually show up to the place, you actually understand why they lack the flash and technology. The experience is like fine dining at a retirement home; I think the average age of diners was like 67. Everything about the place is old school from decorations to the way the waiters are dressed. Although it's a little expensive, the food is not bad and it's like taking a trip back into the 1960's! They got classic steak dishes like Steak Diane and a few bold seafood appetizers like tuna tartar spice up the otherwise conservative menu.Did I mention I came here to have my 24th birthday dinner with my family? Think I showed up 50 years too early to celebrate.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2009,9/14/2009,56,234,6,7,5>After going here today, I had the sudden urging to channel Homer Simpson and start chanting, "Doooonuuuuuuts".  I am not a huge fan of donuts but my God were the donuts here damn good.  Between my boyfriend and I we had 3 different ones and there were no complaints coming from our lips as we devoured them.  You can tell they are freshly made, and they are so fluffy and good, not like the ones you get at the other unmentionable places that make you feel like you just ate a slab of lard.  On our way out I stopped to look at all the other items they offer such as pies, pastries and certain baked breads.  They really have a good selection for such a small place and I think I may be back tomorrow to grab a pie and share with the family.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2009,9/13/2009,523,353,6,9,9>I've been here twice, and both times i got the swedish crepes with the lingonberry butter! (ask for it on the side, b/c it'll be swimming in butter by the time it gets to your table). They give you 3 HUGE rolled up crepes and top it with copious amounts of butter/jam mixture dusted with some powdered sugar. It might be a good idea to order some hash browns as a side if you can't handle all the buttery decadence and kinda balance it out. As for their juices, small is HECKA small, and large is about the size of the glasses of water that they serve you, so it isn't very generous, or maybe i'm just used to drinking route 44 slushies at sonics :pthey do offer a "lite" menu for people trying to eat healthy, and pretty much any of their egg plates can be order as egg whites if you want. Service has been pretty fair maybe brinking on kinda slow since most of their clientele aren't in a hurry to dine and dash, they kinda sit around, talk and read the newspaper. I think they're more attentive at places like heidi's pies mainly b/c of the way the restaurant is set up makes it easier for the servers to have easy access to the customers, but the server with the voice that sounds like she's been smoking for 50 years added some spice to a diner that might have been more or less uneventful. There was a slight altercation during one of the times i was there between the server and these customers that ate half of her burger and demanded that she not pay for it b/c she thought it sucked she also demanded that her fries be free too, and the smoker's voice waitress told her to never come back. that was dramatic.Anyways it seems like the diner is packed full of regulars of the old folks that live in the vicinity. Its a cute community of ppl.oh yeah, they have an outdoor seating area for the nice warm burlingame days, good for people watching. If you're into asian pastries, they have sogo bakery a few doors down, and free bikrim yoga class on sunday nights at Being Yoga a few doors down....payless shoe store, starbucks, longs drugs, its kinda a one stop shop for running errands.p.s. my mom told me the cafe's in the same plaza as Neal's don't do as well b/c they're not as good. I don't know how my mom knows this, but she notices that those places aren't nearly as popular or packed as Neals.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2009,9/12/2009,676,1464,6,8,6>You know that scene in Finding Nemo where Bruce goes "Fish are friends... not food?" Well I totally disagree. The fresher the fish, the happier I am. The better the fish, the more I dance with glee!In the past I've ranted and harped on non-Japanese owned wanna-be Japanese Restaurants. Seriously, just cause the restaurant has a Japanese sounding name and some random characters doesn't make it Japanese. A clue into this would be the presence of stir fry like items on the menu or bulgogi. Stay away from Chinese and Korean owned places since all they care about is the bottom line and making money off of you. Stick with places like this. Where the sushi chef cares about his bottom line, but he takes great joy in slicing up fish. A place where he'd rather toss out a bad batch of fish than chop it up, spice it up and serve it, or put it in some fancy roll and top it with some fancy sauce to mask it. (Yes, Sushi House, Chocolate Sushi, Blue Water, I'm talking about you guys!)Sushi Tomi... tucked away like a gem to be discovered. The sashimi was fresh. Unadulterated. Pure. Clean, simple, non frou-frou to showcase the quality of the fish.Nigiri:Sake - sliced thick with a good marbling. We ordered the normal but this is one of the rare places in the Bay Area where they offer the Toro version of salmon. It was buttery sweet. It was soft, it was rich. It was heaven in orange and white stripes.  I love how well it pairs with soy sauce... the initial saltiness from the soy sauce changes to the sweetness from the fish.Kanpachi - we love kanpachi and we try to order it every chance we get. The texture was firm, with a slight bite to it... like a really good al dente fish. Not the least bit fishy, rich, but now sweet.Amaebi - I'm personally not a huge fan of this as it tends to have post sticky feel in my mouth. Shrimp sashimi is hard to prepare as you need to have extremely fresh shrimp. Definitely doesn't disappoint. Slight traces of the sea at first bite, then the fresh sweetness comes out. The fried shelled heads were served on the side with a wedge of lemon. Being a texture-eater, it was delicious. Crunchy, slightly briney and perfect with a touch of lemon.Sashimi:Maguro - I normally hate eating maguro. If it isn't super fresh, I can taste undertones of a slightly metallic-iron taste. Also, it goes bad fast so lots of places hide it in rolls with sauces or turning it into spicy tuna. The freshest maguro I've had so far was in Seattle. Ever since then, I've been hesitant on eating it. I tried it here, first with a hesitant nibble then quickly finished off my piece. It came as close to the maguro I had in the Pacific Northwest. Firm to the bite, not the least bit fishy. It didn't taste processed nor did it have the faux bright red color that many a restaurant has tried to serve to me. (A lot of places will try to revitalize old maguro by blasting it with carbon monoxide... it causes the fish to go from a dull brownish red to a bright red.) It was perfectly red, like a healthy fresh slab of maguro should look like. I never crave tuna like I crave salmon, but if I'm ever here again and it's placed in front of me, I wouldn't turn my nose.Hamachi - Firm, al dente with a good texture. Not fishy at all, but not as sweet as salmon or tuna. It had a nice bite to it and it had sweet aftertones on my palatte. Paired well with the tang from the ginger and the briney soy sauce. Salmon - please see above. *Drool.*Non Sashimi/Nigiri items:Nabeyaki Udon - my parents' favorite cold and rainy night dish. The broth here was done well. They definitely didn't skimp on anything. The kombu and the fish shavings produced a nice rich broth with plenty of umami. The broth was clean tasting yet rich. Chicken was well done and that was the only thing lending to a tad bit of oil floating on the soup. Conbined with a perfectly poached egg and a few slices of shiitake lending an earthiness, it was a well composed dish. The noodles were the chewy kind - cooked to the right al dente bite!Tempura Udon - I love getting tempura udon since I'm not such a huge fan of poached chicken or egg. The broth was missing the earthy shiitake component of the nabeyaki but witout it, this place cooks up a solid dashi broth. The tempura for both noodle dishes were served on the side, you get two shrimp for the tempura version compared to one for nabeyaki.Tempura - the tempura deserves a blurb on its on. It was lightly battered, perfect crunchy batter to ingredient ratio. My favorite was the shrimp and eggplant. On second visit my eggplant was replaced with Kubota pumpkin. Definitly liked eggplant better. I had requested a side of tempura dipping sauce and it was served warm. I wasn't a fan of it as much since it had ginger undertones. Saba shioyaki - briney, slightly smoky, definitely having a richer taste compared to everything else. It was served with a side of grated daikon to help cut the grease. Lunch on weekends = 15% off the sashimi menu!
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2009,9/11/2009,836,728,9,12,10>Starving, craving sushi, could possibly devour Mountain ViewUnagi, Taxi roll, Golden Gate, Salmon Skin handrollSlower, less crowded before 12 noonHop on over to Grant RoadI ate until I looked like a sushi roll O_OFor $16.95/person, Jimmy H. and I ordered about 15 rolls!! hahaha I don't do raw fish =\ So I ordered a lot of the maki rolls! :DI liked...- Golden Gate Roll ($5.95) grilled salmon skin- Taxi Roll ($7.95) roasted eel, shrimp, crab- Salmon Skin Handroll ($3.50/pc) very greasy when you get towards the end- Unagi ($3.50/2pc) roasted eelI wasn't too crazy about...- Highway ($10.25) deep fried spicy salmon with crab meat on top- Caterpillar ($10.50) eel, crab, avocado- Spider ($8.25)- Sweet Potato Roll ($3.25)- Unakyu ($4.25) roasted eel, cucumber- Nigri sushi: Maguro, Saba, Sake (I don't do raw, but Jimmy does)So if we had to pay for each roll, our bill would've been over $70. Thank goodness for All-You-Can-Eat!! :D
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2009,9/10/2009,751,680,20,25,25>What a great Yelp find, thanks to Jennifer H's and Earl G's reviews. What caught my attention in their reviews were two words:  "LOBSTER QUESADILLA." I seldom drive down this part of B Street in San Mateo, so I would not have randomly found this place if it were not for Yelp.  I was expecting a typical taqueria set up, with at least 2 or 3 TV's tuned either to Univision or Telemundo, little AC, and a salsa station right next to the cashier.I was pretty surprised when I entered this place.  Yes, there were TV's on, but tuned to ESPN, and yes, there was a salsa station, towards the back of the restaurant.  But it was very clean inside with the walls painted nice red and white colors.  I was greeted by one of the owners, who gave me a menu to look over.Not your typical taqueria, as Earl G. mentioned in his review.  What distinguishes this place from others is their offerings of seafood in their taqueria faire.  In addition to their lobster quesadillas, they can also make ahi, halibut, salmon, and shrimp burritos.  For those who don't want seafood, there's chicken, steak, and pork, or spinach, asparagus, or artichoke for quesadillas, tacos, or burritos.Don't want Mexican?  They also have burgers and fish and chips.After I placed my order, I sat by the counter, and talked with the owners while my food was being prepared.  From what I understand, they used to own T & B's in Belmont for 20 years, before opening up this place.  As of this writing, they've only been open for 4 months.  The owners are really nice and friendly, and they really appreciate people who make their way down to their place.My order:Lobster and artichoke quesadilla (yelp.com/biz_photos/BAA2):  This was the reason why I came down here.  Nice, big chunks of lobster claw meat was griddled with salsa, then placed in a large tortilla with cheese, then griddled again.  Very tasty quesadilla!  The artichokes added a nice little tang to the quesadilla, but I think I will try it next time without it.-Seabass Burrito:  Seabass was available that day, so gave it a try in a burrito.  I saw the owner prepare my burrito.  He took 3 chunks of fresh seabass, and placed them on the grill.  When done, placed them on top of rice, beans, and cheese, then quickly wrapped it up.  Even 20 minutes after I got home, the burrito was still nice and hot.  The seabass chunks were still in their pieces, and didn't break up in the burrito.  The salsa, rice, and beans didn't overwhelm the seabass.  With a little squeeze of lime juice, this burrito was delicious!  It was filling without putting me into my usual post-burrito food coma.I'm very pleased with what I ordered, and looking forward to trying other items on menu.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2009,11/6/2009,484,952,10,17,12>City Pub is like that old pair of sneakers; always there when you need them; well worn, comfy, maybe a little worn out and frayed, but you still like them, because when you put them on you feel at home. You feel like you can relax a little bit more.Despite a few service snafus over the years, I still come to City Pub on a regular basis. Sometimes as a nice way to end a busy day, sometimes as a launching point for late night escapades with friends. It makes for a good meeting spot, too, because almost everyone in Redwood City knows where it is.The beer list (mostly via the tap) is excellent.  The ambiance and dress code is very laid back, like a neighborhood pub should be. Service is speedy...most of the time.  Food is dependably dependable - not outrageously good, but consistently above average for pub food. There are good burgers (beef, turkey, veggie), decent sandwiches, lots of apps and finger food (including the excellent pub fries).  As for the salads and dinners (salmon, steak, etc.), I have found the execution to be mixed. But for a burger and a beer, look no further.Generous outside seating is available out front, but it is at a premium on a nice day. Just drive by early on a warm weeknight or almost any time on sunny weekend and you'll see what I mean.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2009,11/4/2009,403,410,7,10,11>5 stars for excellent service (and cupcakes) at Sibby's!I called in to order a day in advance 2 dozen mini Sibby's Samplers for a movie get-together with friends.  Great service over the phone and super easy!  I also wanted to know if they had cupcakes to purchase last-minute and it's a first-come first-serve basis so if you're in the area, I highly recommend calling to see if they have any to buy right then and there.Sibby's is not a retail store - they are made-to-order only (except when they have those extras, but it isn't guaranteed) for now and I heard from the Sibby's staff that Sibby isn't planning on opening a retail store soon.  The reason being that the quality of the cupcakes would suffer and you wouldn't get the great service they offer now!  Makes sense to me!There are 3 time slots to go pick up (morning to noon, noon to 3, and 3 to 5) and it is appointment only.  I ventured over around 3pm for my pickup and just FYI - Sibby's is pretty much off the beaten path right next to the railroad tracks on a one-way side street surrounded by car repair shops.I didn't find any difficulty in finding parking though, and Sibby's cheerful pink door is easy to spot once you're going in the right direction.As for the cupcakes?  DIVINE!!  The red velvet is one of the best red velvets I've ever had, I LOVELOVELOVE the carrot cinnamon, and their chocolate cupcakes are sooooo moist and not too sweet.  Again, I LOVE the frosting to cake ratio!  It is PERFECT.  The decorations of these cupcakes are also super cute and classy - perfect for any event.  Sibby's can also do special designs on request.I WILL be back and I WILL order these for birthdays, parties, celebrations, and even when there is no special occasion because I don't think I can go a month without some Sibby's.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2009,11/3/2009,1533,1062,8,9,9>So if someone from the mid-Peninsula wants great deep dish pizza (& not from BJ's) we gotta trek all the way down to Palo Alto or up to SF?  No fair!!  I've been dying to try out Patxi's & luckily we were in Palo Alto, and have been craving deep dish pizza for soo long!  The only drawback is the wait of 35 minutes because it is deep dish.  But, we did take home a menu so next time we'll definitely call ahead!  We ordered the Special combo small deep dish which came with sausage, mushrooms, onions & bell peppers.  I was expecting more sausage but it was still very tasty & extra cheesy (cheese is in their name after all)!  I love my cheese!  And the crust..mmm!  Don't give me no thin crust crap it's all about a crunchy medium crust or thick deep dish crust!  I hate cracker thin pizzas!Ample (& free) parking, friendly & attentive waitstaff & yummy pies;  I'll be coming to Patxi's next time I'm around & craving deep dish or when they open up their Marina location because parking in Hayes Valley is a B...eezy!
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2009,11/2/2009,210,226,4,5,3>I have had food delivered from Yat Sing before and I always thought it was just ok.  Last night I was starving and I really didn't feel like cooking anything. My boyfriend and I decided to drive up Woodside Rd to see what we could find.  We passed by Yat Sing 3 and saw the sign that said "Best potstickers in town".  We thought why not.  We walked in at about 840pm and were led to a freshly wiped table.  The waitress handed us a menu and we of course ordered the potstickers.  We also grabbed the ginger garlic pork and the mongolian lamb.  I have to say that the potstickers were quite tasty.  I'll have to remember to get that from them again.  The Mongolian lamb was flavorful but I really wasn't sure if that was lamb or pork.  It was hard to tell.  The garlic ginger pork was pretty good but I felt that it was a little on the salty side.  Then again, we're talking about chinese food here.  The waitress came over to check on us and asked if we needed anything else because the kitchen was about to close.  We thanked her for letting us know. We didn't realize that we came in close to closing time.  In fact, they were still letting people in at 9pm.We were very full after our hefty dinner and were very much satisfied.We grabbed our check and it came out to about 25 dollars.  I felt the price wasn't that bad for friendly service and kick ass potstickers.  All in all, I would definitely come back here again,
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2009,11/1/2009,226,412,5,8,7>I'm really finicky about my hair.   When I moved back up to the Peninsula from San Jose, it pained me to find another salon that could do me right.  Again, I turned to Yelp and found this place.  I called and was able to make an appointment a day before.  I thought the salon itself was going to be bigger judging from the pictures, but it was nicely compact.  I stroll in about 15 minutes early and waited about two before the lovely Heather comes out and greets me.  She shampoos and conditions my hair and goes to work.  She was charming the whole time and did an impressive job.  Well worth the money.I've found my hair stylist on the Peninsula.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2009,10/31/2009,112,257,8,12,10>My friend wanted to check out Ike's for lunch today, so our plan was to call in our order early and pick up.  Of course once I started looking at the menu I couldn't decide! WAY too many options.  And the names of the sandwiches are so amusing, you can't help but read through all of them.   I finally decided on the Eli Manning, which is Halal Chicken Breast, Zesty Garlic and Herb Sauce, Mushrooms, Avocado, Cheddar.  We called in around 11:30am, and they said our order wouldn't be ready til 12:40pm!  Not a huge deal since I didn't have crazy meetings today, but definitely call in your order early!Now the next part is finding the place.  I had read that it was inside an office building, but I really didn't know what to expect.  There are absolutely no signs outside indicating that there's a sandwich shop inside this office building.  But as we walked up to the building, I could see people coming out with small paper bags, chips and a drink.  This has to be it?  As you walk into the building, make an immediate left down the hall and you'll smell the toasty bread.  It's really strange.. they basically took an office and converted into a sandwich shop, who would've known?Unfortunately our sandwiches weren't quite ready yet, but they were toasting our bread as soon as we told them we were here to pick up.  I guess it's better than having soggy sandwich that was made 30 minutes ago :)  And how are the sandwiches you might ask?  My Eli Manning was pretty tasty.  I liked how the chicken was shredded, instead of a dry piece of chicken breast or something.  The seasoning was just right and lots of veggies to feel somewhat healthy.  I chose the french bread which was toasted and nice and soft.  Overall a good solid sandwich, and I'll definitely come back again!Oh and they give you a lollipop for dessert :)
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2009,10/30/2009,69,150,4,9,7>I came here with a friend for a quick nosh and drink while our daughters had their ballet lesson nearby.I didn't have the opportunity to sample a lot of items on the menu, but we hit this place up during happy hour.  I had a $3.00 margarita, she had a glass of wine and we shared some freshly made guacamole, chips and onion rings.   The portions were super generous and the food was tasty. Our total bill came to under $15, the service was quick and friendly, we got in and out in under an hour.  I think this will be a regular hang out for me and my friend during ballet lessons.
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2009,10/29/2009,634,310,8,9,9>As crazy as my friend is about Korean girls, me on the other hand, I really enjoy eating Korean cuisine. My taste buds don't lie when I am bedazzled by all my five senses. So Gong Dong Tofu House embodies good hearty Korean food.  I learned the location in Santa Clara used to be owned by the same owner as the Palo Alto house, but since a few years ago, the owner has changed.  Most people aren't so interested with background information, so without further due, 'Just Feed Me!'I love their appetizers galore. There are at least 6 mini dishes and all can be refilled unlimited times. Just the appetizers alone can fill a person up (maybe you can just ask for rice).  My favorites are clear noodles, steamed seaweed, and fermented bean sprouts. When I order their main entrees, I always get their Pork Bibimbop. Steaming hot rice, fresh vegetables, and flavorful pork all infused in a burning clay pot. I love how the rice burns and becomes crunchy on bottom of the pot. My wife always orders Kalbi with rice so she can take the rest to work the next day. When it gets busy and all tables are occupied, be prepared to be patient when looking for a waitress. When you do flag one down, service is fast and friendly.  At no more than $30 with dinner for two and leftovers, I call it a deal!Just recently, the parking lot was resurfaced. YAY! No more pot holes and dusty roads. I don't think the parking lot was ever formally paved and patrons parked where ever they wanted not giving consideration to other cars. This tofu house is my rediscovered treasure!
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/19/2009,10/28/2009,75,214,6,7,7>Is it Gumba's or Gumbas?  Even the restaurant webpage shows both.  What is a gumba?  The little mushroom monster from Super Mario Bros?  (Intuitively, Luigi's in Campbell is better than Gumbas.  Some things never change.)Served by one of the owners.  Service was good, even though I was using a restaurant.com certificate ($10 off 20) which incurs the Service Kiss Of Death (an automatic 18% tip).  Because our pizza got delayed a bit, we were even given a comped salad.Unfortunately, the food couldn't match the service.  The 16" medium pizza (Italian sausage, linguica, mushroom) was soggy (!), wet on the underside of the thin crust.  Not good.The veggies in the pasta primavera seemed pretty fresh, and the pasta was cooked right, but it was really very bland.  We made liberal use of salt, pepper, chili flakes, and Parmesan (refrigerated, available upon request).  The garlic bread that came with the pasta was good.The free salad (lettuce, sliced tomato, shredded carrot) was fine, as was the creamy Italian dressing.  (I thought Italian dressing is usually clear?)The value is pretty good, with everything on the menu besides the pizza coming in under $9.  The pizza prices compare favorably to other thin-crust pizzerias like Amici's, Cicero's, and Pizza My Heart... though the pizza quality doesn't stack up.Service:  4 starsFood:  2.25 starsValue:  3.25 starsOVERALL:  2.75 starsUnless you're on a tight budget, treat yourself to JT McHart's instead.  Otherwise, do yourself a favor and buy a certificate from restaurant.com first.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2009,10/27/2009,116,239,4,9,8>I recently received a Diana Camera as a gift from my husband.  It takes 120 film, which is a bit more difficult to get.  Places like Target, Costco, or the local drugstore don't carry them.  So I called a few camera shops in the San Mateo area to ask if they carried 120 film. Of the three that I called, the salesperson at Kaufmann's was the most enthusiastic and helpful.  I understand that it's hard to show enthusiasm through the phone when you are just answering a few basic questions but he really made an impression on me.  So today I stopped by to buy my 120 film and I was like a fat kid in a candy store.  There were so many cool things for someone who loves photography! The salesperson who helped me was again, very kind and when I told him it was my first time in the store, he told me about the services they provide.  They basically do everything there (repair & develop) - it's not just a camera store.  I did a quick walkabout and saw that they carry a variety of cameras - old school to the newest models (film & digital), camera bags, lenses, filters, tri-pods, cleansers, etc. I love how they have used parts for sale as well!  Just because they are an independent camera store doesn't mean they are more expensive.  Some of their items are actually cheaper than amazon!  I really hope they stay in business because it is very rare to find an old fashioned camera shop that carries a wide range of products and with such personable service!
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2009,12/8/2009,905,867,5,17,15>Quick Update (9/2014) - Been back many times and this place is especially great for brunch.  My choice over nearby neighbor Calafia Cafe and with a great patio area.Thank you Yelp and thank you Connie C. for the FTR...Mayfield Bakery and Cafe is a winner and we had a wonderful dinner there Friday night!In this day and age of the recession with mostly half-full restaurants, it's priceless to find a restaurant that is bustling with a lively atmosphere, top-notch service, and fantastic food.   Granted Mayfield has been only open two weeks, but I have no doubt the crowds will not be disappearing any time soon.  With Calafia Cafe and the soon to be opening Trader Joe's, the Town and Country Village in Palo Alto suddenly seems like the newest hot spot.  Given I'm so close, I have absolutely no complaints about that.  We arrived with no reservations and at 8 pm, the wait looked to be about 45 minutes.  Luckily, we were able to snag seats at the bar and eat dinner there after waiting about 15 minutes.  With a unobstructed view of the open kitchen, I'd dare say the bar seats were even better than some of the dining room seats.My interest was immediately piqued by the menu.  Rather than being a copycat of so many others out there, I found all the items on the Mayfield Bakery menu to not only sound tantalizing but be unique.  As someone who hasn't patronized their related restaurants Spruce and the Village Pub, it was something I appreciated and makes me want to seek out those two highly rated places even more.  Even the drink and wine menu was nice.  With a great selection of wines and beers, Mayfield also has great old fashioned soda pop and root beer floats.  I was so intrigued by the Purple and Black Cow drink items that I ordered the Purple Cow.  A chilled bottle of Grape Crush was mixed with delicious vanilla ice cream.  Mmmmmmmmm....  It may have been childish but felt oh so right having such a drink in a fancy and nicely decorated place like Mayfield.  We followed it up with a diverse menu selection and, honestly, nothing disappointed:Smokey chicken soup - those who know me will be familiar with my frequent complaining about lukewarm or cold items.  No such problem here!  The delicious soup at Mayfield is served absolutely scalding hot!  The tasty broth is mixed with an olive oil and features tender, meaty chunks of dark chicken meat interspersed with carrots, veggies, and elbow macaroni.  Perfect.  I make a mean chicken soup but am going to steal a few tips from the version here.Mayfield fries - delicately flavored with garlic and parmesan cheese, this dish is an easy hit.  I may have liked even more garlic, but then my breath probably wouldn't have been fit for company. (addendum: the complimentary bread is warm and crunchy.  served with delicious soft butter)Lamb cheeks with pasta - although I find lamb to be a bit gamey, the cheeks were super tender and the star was really the pasta.  It was obvious the pasta was ultra freshly made and it really matched well with the meat.Spit fire pork shoulder - The pork shoulder was cut into nice slices and was tender.  I expected a bit more fat, but it was still quite juicy.  The sauce accentuated the pork flavor and the entire dish was served with a bed of brussel sprouts mixed with pancetta chunks.  I'm not usually a fan of brussel sprouts, but I loved them here.  I have no doubt that the sauce, separated brussel sprouts and generously sized pancetta chunks made that all happen.  We finished our meal with a s'mores tart.  A unique play on the S'more, it featured a decadent chocolate topped on a graham cracker with a toasted marshmallow layer.  For a non-chocolate fan like myself, I still thought the dessert was quite good.  Sitting at the bar and so near to the open kitchen, I was able to see more of the server/manager interactions than the average guest.  This place is well run and it's no accident.  Attention to detail runs to spots on glasses, whether drinks are filled to the top, and whether plates are spotless when being served.  Despite the hectic crowds, our bar keep kept a close eye on us, recommended dishes, and made sure we were well catered to. It may be early, but I think Mayfield is easily one of the best additions to the Palo Alto food scene for 2009, if not 2008 as well.  (Last year's Pampas was good too, but eventually too one-sided  [blasphemous for a carnivore like myself to admit that])  I look forward to returning to Mayfield and trying their brunch.  Admittedly, while Mayfield isn't cheap ($20 for entrees), the stellar food, service, and atmosphere make it a winning entry.   Mayfield takes credit cards, including American Express.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2009,12/7/2009,2146,704,11,16,12>$44/person for the "Rodizio" (pampaspaloalto.com/menu/) all-you-can-eat. My favorites were the top sirloin, the filet mignon, the tri-tip and the skirt steak (even the chicken hearts!). Every other item was still pretty good, but started tasting salty after 1.5 pounds of meat gluttony. Oh so worth it though.And, this is without factoring in the appetizers, the quality open-bar salad items (yelp.com/biz_photos/VFsl) + grilled pineapple ftw, and dessert. Yep, everything was good, no complaints about the food as the stuffed belly can attest to. The caipirinhas were $9 and a bit sweet (albeit from a palate that prefers alcohols neat or -tonics), but strong. Also, they waived the $20 corkage fee for the bottles of wines, which would have cemented five stars. Lost one star only because they didn't think we'd stay over two and a half hours (we were expecting three hours, minimum)...as they "needed our table for the next party" (though they did offer free drinks at the bar to make up for it). However, our server Yvonne was great! This place is good for a getogether, like with friends that you haven't seen for a very long time. It is also good for a guys night out. The hostesses are attractive. The servers are all friendly. The place is on the fancy side. Combine all of that and it's a great place. Pricey for a meal (yelp.com/biz_photos/VFsl), but worth it.Bonus review: This Richmond Grove '02 Limited Release Cabernet (static.px.yelp.com/bphot) was great. Made in southern Australia's famous Coonawarra region - the "best cabernets made in Australia" - it is smooth and aromatic, but not overpowering...I'd definitely go out of my way to get more. But it's not feasible, so recommend finding someone who's visiting Australia to bring a case back, yeah?Milestone: Very first ROTD!
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2009,12/6/2009,220,362,10,9,10>Yay - self serve yogurt is now closer to my house!  No more circling downtown San Mateo trying to find a parking spot and battling lines at Yogurtouille.  Now I can just pop in and out on sleepy 25th St. and get my froyo fix. :)I wish the hours were better - close at 8pm on a Friday/Saturday night?  Don't they know that froyo is best eaten as an after dinner dessert?  I guess the neighborhood kind of shuts down after sunset, but still...Fifth star can be earned if they start stocking Cookie Crisp cereal as a topping.  Why no yogurt shop carries this is beyond me.  It's only the best cereal in the world.  Don't try to tell me that goopy cookie dough topping is the same - it's not.  The day I find a froyo joint that carries Cookie Crisp is the day I throw out my bathroom scale, because I will commit to eating at that establishment every day.  Snowee, will you accept my challenge?
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2009,12/5/2009,95,66,7,8,7>I came here because a bunch of my lady friends decided to start their own Biggest Loser competition the day of ($50 buy-in, winner takes all - pretty freakin hardcore if you ask me). They still wanted to go out that night in downtown PA though, so they solved their dilemma by picking Sprout Cafe.I came here not expecting too much, and knowing it was a salad place, I scarfed down a ton of meat at home before I drove up to University Ave. The decor of this place was surprisingly nice - well lit, spacious, and had a modern vibe to it. I've never been to Pluto's so I can't make the comparison, but some more information about this place: Both standard selection salads as well as fully-customizeable options for you to choose from. I ordered the Cobb salad, and it tasted pretty good. They do an excellent job with lettuce-to-dressing ratio: not too soggy and not too anorexic with the dressing either. The lettuce was crisp, contents fresh, and the overall ambiance of this place would satiate your average vegan/Prius driving individual.A friend ordered some type of stir-fry tofu with sesame seeds - that was actually REALLY good. Tasted very juicy and meaty.Come here if you want to win your office pool of The Biggest Loser - they serve health for a premium, but is it worth it? Come and decide.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2009,12/4/2009,249,513,8,6,6>still thinking about the loose lump crab meat in their awesome light and crispy crabcakes with tangy tartare sauce a week later.for drinks, we tried the sangria and the hot apple pie. sangria was excellent and i especially liked the pop fizz they added to it. the hot apple pie was brandy and hot apple cider served in a brandy glass. be careful when swigging, because the alcohol will evaporate straight into your eyes...i must say it was definitely a body warmer and it tasted just like the holidays.i didn't find the mushroom stogies to be spectacular. i wish they were filled with more mushrooms. the caesar salad is note worthy with spears of romaine lettuce in tact drizzled with dressing and snowed over with cheese.the smoked salmon pizza was good though i would have preferred a thinner and lighter crust. shepherd's pie came out huge and piping hot...and delicious! the halibut with shitake mushroom risotto was quite amazing as well.for dessert, the vanilla bean bread pudding with maple bacon syrup and raspberry rum sauce hits a home run. pomegranite sorbet was nicely presented and tasted wonderful.prices are relatively high but still reasonable. service was on par. i was not at all disappointed with anything during the dinner. now, if i could only stop thinking about those crab cakes.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/21/2009,12/3/2009,506,836,7,14,13>The entrees are extremely good, 4 star worth, the salads leave something to be desired.  My favorite dish is the Divan Kebab, lamb and meat rolled up in a lavish bread and cut into almost bite sized pieces.  They offer spinach as a side to many entrees, including the Divan Kebab, and this tastes good.  I bet kids will eat their vegetables if you give them this.The complimentary bread is the best free bread I ever had.  It is fresh, warm, and has the perfect consistency and that good white bread taste.  They also give out butter that has not been sitting in the freezer and can actually be spread.Service is lacking.  My drinking glass is empty before my entree comes and usually does not ever get refilled.  The waiters are friendly and knowledgeable about their menu so don't be afraid to ask questions about dishes.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2009,12/2/2009,125,185,10,16,12>Mmmm nothing like treating yourself after a hellish morning at the Redwood City DMV, eh?I wanted to grab something a little more upscale than the Starbuck's near my work, and the awesome Yelp iPhone app directed me here. First off, why didn't I know about this place when I lived in Redwood City? Major oversight! Main Street Roasting Company is just off out of the "downtown"ish area with plenty of parking in the front and side (as well as a lovely outdoor patio). The inside is quaint, with a large counter, and I was greeted and helped with enthusiasm. I LOVE the fact they have mini-breakfasts for weekdays; short stacks of pancakes and french toast; eggs, oatmeal... I was only going to stop by for coffee but ended up trying the short-stack of cornmeal buttermilk pancakes. DELICIOUS. And REAL maple syrup, none of that corn-syrupy stuff. I got the fruit on the side, and it was obviously prepared earlier and stuck in a fridge (some of the fruit was a little mushy, and a little frozen in bits), but it was still fairly tasty.My cappuccino was a little disappointing; the espresso itself was strong and bitter, but the foam was disappointing; had large, sad bubbles, not smooth, velvety, happy foam that's the best. Next time I'd probably try the coffee or espresso straight.Great place for a quick breakfast on the way to work!
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2009,12/1/2009,362,488,13,14,13>I came here with Kevin N. for an afterparty after the UYE whisky tasting while we waited for his train.The first thing I noticed was all the peanut shells all over the ground. Somewhat amused, I knew this place was going to be interesting and it definitely had the dive bar vibe to it. We sat down at the bar and the bartender said he will clean up, so he took his arm to sweep off all the peanut shells on the bar to the ground. hahaI ordered a pint of beer and Kevin got a Manhattan martini. While enjoying our drinks, a drunkard started to talk to us and kept telling Kevin that he was Phil Mickelson. I bet Kevin wishes he was since Phil is the 2nd highest paid U.S. athlete behind Tiger Woods. Also the drunk questioned Kevin's masculinity since he thought his drink was "girly". I don't really consider Manhattans girly though. At a certain point, I couldn't understand what he was saying. I probably needed a few drinks in me to decipher the drunk talk.You also have the option to play pool or foosball. This place is cash only and has an ATM on the premises. Drinks are really cheap and interesting characters can be found here. I wouldn't mind coming back again!
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2009,11/29/2009,215,101,9,10,9>I am never going anywhere else to buy running shoes. Yeah, there's a bit of a wait on a Saturday afternoon, but bring your laptop and some BSG and you won't even notice.Amanda is extremely helpful and nice. First she watched me walk around the store so she could understand my gait, then she brought a bunch of shoes and we went running outside for her to observe. Didja get anything close to this specialist treatment at Nordstrom or Foot Locker? Huh? Huh? I didn't think so. The staff here easily satisfied Constraint 1: comfortable running shoes that give me enough support when apparently, my heels want to roll inward. The technical problems were easy.Constraint 2, however, was difficult. Everything they had in women's shoes, that fit Constraint 1, was of the uninspired, generic dark blue-white-gray pattern. And everything else was pink. I FUCKING HATE PINK, and I hate that manufacturers default to pink when they want to make something "for women." It would be ok if they defaulted to blue for boys and pink for girls, but no. The men's shoes at this store were not just the blue version of a pink shoe, but actually sported cool, gender-neutral patterns that weren't available for the fairer sex. Runner's High ordered me a cooler orange-and-white version of the shoes I liked, and offered to ship for free, so I can't complain about them. But I'm disappointed to see sexism rampant in oh, every manufacturer of goods ever.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/17/2009,11/27/2009,198,505,9,11,10>3.5 starsIf it weren't for Yelp, I would've never set foot into this place. On the bottom of a Yelp newsletter, I noticed a $5 meal if you mention "yelp" to them which includes 2 pupusas with rice and beans. Come on, it's $5, you can't beat that! Like everyone else's review, this restaurant (can you call this a restaurant?) was a bit weird. The name "Donut Field" is quite random, since they're known for their pupusas. It's similar to naming a restaurant "Sandwiches Galore" and selling Chinese fast food.Anyway, right when you walk in the store, the strong aroma of burning incense fills the air. Because of that rich smell, the fiance and I decided to take our pupusas to go. The lady at the counter was quite aggressive, but I guess every owner has their ways with communicating with the customers. She asked if we ever had pupusas before, I stupidly blurted out "yes, at La Bamba". Once I said that, it looked like she was silently giving me a look of disapproval. She then started to advertise her pupusas, how it takes longer to make since they make it on the spot, how it taste so much better, etc. (nod, nod, smile, nod).After we ordered, I was sitting down and going through a magazine. The phone ran and I overheard her say "La Bamba" (hmm, talking about your only customer in the store at 7pm on a Wednesday night?). After she got off the phone, she showed me that this customer ordered this many pupusas to pick up. They make pupusas real good. Once again... nod, nod, smile, nod. On an empty Wednesday night, our order took roughly 15 minutes.1) Beef Pupusas - pretty good. It was just flavorful enough (without cheese). I definitely recommend pouring the hot salsa and Mexican coleslaw on it.2) Chicken Pupusas - ehh, I wouldn't recommend this. The flavor was a bit bland.3) #2 Pupusa - Pork, Beans and Cheese - according to the owner, this is their top seller. After taking the first bite, I understood why. This was soaking with flavor and just plain delicioso in my mouth!4) Chicken Tamale - ehh, pass on this as well. Maybe they just don't specialize in their chicken. The outside was a bit too broken down. No offense, but I think Trader Joe's makes better tamales. Also, since we took it to go, she just said to heat it up for 2 minutes in your microwave.5) Glazed donut - this was on the house since we said it was our first time there. The donuts are just a-okay, nothing spectacular. If you mention Yelp, it's 50 cents instead of 85 cents.Anyway, for a $5 meal (okay, maybe $6) for dinner, this isn't bad. I'll definitely be back. Although the owner had a weird, strong way of advertising her pupusas, they are better than La Bamba. Dang, is Salvadorean food taking over Mountain View? Remember to walk in and say "Yelp", this deal ends at the end of September.Happy chomping!
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,7/2/2014,676,1464,3,7,4>Angie is FREAKING AMAZING!! Two of my close friends have been going to her for awhile. Post Tahiti Honeymoon, I was breaking out with these tiny clusters of pimples along my forehead and temple. They weren't horrendous looking but were a pain for me. Seawater + nonstop sunscreen + South Pacific sun did a number on my skin. I gave it a month to clear up but when it was still not going away, I emailed Angie and booked myself an appointment.This girl is seriously busy. The earliest one I got was three weeks after I first contacted her. I highly suggest contacting her the second you feel that your skin is being "iffy." She was super thorough pre-facial. She sent me an email with a long list of questions to get to know my skin prior to my visit. The actual visit was amazing. She was easy to talk to, super friendly and made me feel comfortable. Not an easy task since I was definitely squirming at the idea of having a bright light shining on my pores magnified for her to see. She cleaned and treated my skin, steamed my pores while giving me an amazing massage. Waxed and dehaired where it was needed and then went through and did extractions. They were a lot less painful than I expected! Followed up with a few more treatments and powder to take away the redness.I was a HAPPY camper!Knowing how hard it was to book her, I quickly booked my next appointment and am looking forward to my next facial.Seriously. Any pimple issues, acne, facial discoloration, any sort of skin issues, go see Angie.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2014,7/1/2014,15,168,,4,3>My friends & I came here for lunch. If you have a chance, sit outside, it's much quieter than inside, even with the traffic from El Camino.It was lunch and we ordered cocktails (it was my birthday afterall). I had the Jalapeno Cilantro Margarita and it was sooo yummy. We had the Indo sampler which was quite tasty (and it is easily expandable for more than 2 people). We also had the Roasted Spare Ribs & Garlic Noodles with Prawns. Nothing was left, so I think we liked it.And then I was surprised with a dessert that my friends didn't order (guess the person seating us heard it was my birthday) and I am honestly not sure what I ate (and I forgot to ask).The restaurant is smartly decorated and has it's own parking lot.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,6/30/2014,282,140,,6,3>The food at Gochi is amazing!  I definitely want to eat here again and again!  I shared the following deliciousness with 2 girlfriends:- HAMACHI (YELLOWTAIL) CARPACCIO - the garlic, ginger, ponzu, and jalapeno went really well with the fish- SAKE (SALMON) CARPACCIO - quick-seared salmon, balsamic-ponzu, wasabi cucumber & truffle oil.  I thought it was good but my friends felt that the truffle oil flavor was a little too strong.- SAKANA IROIRO SALAD - greens & assorted sashimi (includes uni!) in light creamy dressing- MENTAIKO FUSION CHEESE PIZZA - thin, crispy crust pizza with spicy cod roe, snow crab, mushrooms, and bacon.  Ordered this without bacon though.  It's a personal size pizza. - GREEN TEA CREME BRULEE - great texture and green tea flavor- BLACK SESAME ICE CREAM - comes with 3 scoops!  Reminds me of the hard black sesame candies.Favorites = Hamachi Carpaccio and the desserts!
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,6/29/2014,79,230,3,6,5>This is such a great place to relax and have a bite to eat. They serve sandwiches, pasteries, ice cream, and wine/beer. I like to come by myself sometimes and watch the boats on the lake. I also like to bring the parents or meet with friends for a lazy chat. Yes, it a little pricey, but I think that you pay for the experience. I always like what I order anyway. Last time I went I had a generous piece of chocolate bread pudding. It was very good.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,6/28/2014,5,36,3,10,3>On Its Way to Five Stars!I've been to Seville three times since they first opened a week or so ago, and am thrilled to stumble on this quaint tapas bar. On the first night, we were on our way to another restaurant nearby and stopped in to check out this new establishment. Wanting to be among their first customers on opening day, we picked up a large gazpacho on our way home ($8), which we had the following day -- excellent!Then, over the past few days, I returned with friends and again with my family for afternoon tapas. The weather was spectacular both days. We sat outside and enjoyed a range of tapas, including traditional Spanish tortilla, jamón Ibérico, Manchego cheese, olive tapenade, albondigas (meat balls), stewed pork, and stuffed peppers with fresh crab and shrimp. We enjoyed the generously sized Coastside Salad with fresh greens, artichokes, pepitos, and crumbled cheese. I washed it all down with a full glass of mouth-watering Tempranillo from the Rioja region of Spain.Indoors accommodates a few small tables and some limited bar seating. Outdoors has several more tables on the front deck, along with umbrellas overlooking the harbor.The owners are so gracious and the chef is from, where else, Seville. The only reason I rate it four stars right now is that the kinks are still being worked out and five-star ratings require consistent experience every time, with attention to detail. On our last visit, the gazpacho was bland -- missing some salt and the garlic punch that the first batch had. And the albondigas were cold in the middle, which they quickly replaced with hot ones that tasted much better. The owner acknowledged the soup needed some seasoning and albondigas better heating. Paying attention to food temperature is not only important for good taste, but essential for food safety too.Other than the small sandwiches which we haven't tried, we've now tasted pretty much everything on the menu and overall enjoyed our experience each time, despite some minor start-up issues.Compared to some more established tapas restaurants such as Iberia in Menlo Park, the tapas menu is still fairly limited right now -- but I expect that to expand as they get their groove and see what sells. I would love to see some gambas al ajillo, grilled marinated mushrooms, and some octopus or squid. Some additional bread choices would be welcome, too -- such as a crusty rustic bread that would go great with the olives and roasted peppers. At the current time, there are no desserts, but the owner indicated that flan may be forthcoming soon.All in all, Seville is a delightful culinary addition to the Pillar Point area, just around the corner from the Oceano Hotel. Prices are reasonable, but can quickly add up if you're adventuresome. On our last visit, we spent $80 for two adults and two children including one glass of wine and a tea - but you can spend much less -- under $10 per person -- if you stop by for a small plate or two or cup of gazpacho.We will definitely continue to frequent Seville whenever we're in the Half Moon Bay area and I highly recommend trying it. And on a sunny day in HMB, sitting outside overlooking the harbor is brilliant. I look forward to having more delicious tapas at Seville and expect this little gem to quickly gain popularity along the coast. Keep it up, Seville! You've got something good going.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,6/27/2014,169,398,8,14,15>Awww don't be mean to the city of Mountain View.It's a pretty quality city! Downtown has a huge variety of restaurants, the Center of Performing Arts, and some fun bookstores. I really appreciate the huge range of ethnic restaurants downtown. Yes, parking can sometimes be a pain, but you get over it.Unlike the city of Los Altos, Mountain View has not banned fast food restaurants. Just a little fun fact from this healthy eater. The MV library is also a fun little place, and we can't forget the nice weekend farmer's market at the Caltrain station. All in alll, stop your whining! it may have its issues like every city, but Mountain View has some variety, personality, and a special place in my heart!
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2014,6/26/2014,111,246,1,7,4>What a lunch! This a gorgeous and gracious place to spend a wonderful afternoon. I love everything about this place.The food was absolutely exquisite and on Tuesday they serve bottles of wine at half price! Why go anyplace else? A very welcoming and polite host seated us on the shady elegant patio.This could have been a table at any fine Hawaiian resort. Except for the ocean view. Our server Bruno was exceptional. Whenever we needed anything, he was ready. He offered sparkling or still water in a nice cold bottle for the table. He brought regular glasses and tall glasses with ice. Bruno made us feel like anything we could possibly want, he'd bring it. Very sweet guy.We had a long lunch and never once did we feel rushed. I love that!Shared dishes:Shrimp and avocado ceviche...perfection.Fish and chips...amazing.Grilled corn on the cob...scrumptious. Dulce de Leche spring rolls with coconut ice cream...decadent and addicting. I'm still thinking about it!This is a beautiful addition to to the area.Highly recommend...Tuesday with Bruno.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,6/25/2014,337,489,4,8,4>Ah, PG, how I love thee.Yes, it's pricey, but then again, it IS a specialized gym for a sport that you can't do 'just anywhere', and it's a pretty high quality gym at that. Membership to one PG grants you access to any of their family of gyms (San Francisco Presidio, Sunnyvale, and Belmont). Their hours are extremely broad, meaning you'll be sure to find a time during your work week to drop by.They offer belay lessons to all newcomers (as you must be certified before you can top rope), which are pretty helpful. Every Wednesday (unless it's a holiday) or so, they put up new routes on a certain section of the wall, so you're always going to run into something new.They also offer yoga lessons, and upstairs is a fully equipped gym that is almost never touched (which I'm thrilled about, no wait time for me!).It can get quite crowded on weekends, but it's a great community of people, and the waits are never too long.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,6/24/2014,181,676,6,15,12>So I started telling people that I found this great place, and they would all say something like, "Oh, you mean Takahashi Market?" or "The place in downtown San Mateo??"  -- so it seems like everyone already knows about this place except for me.  Which is believable, since they've been around for over a hundred years, which is also unbelievable!!Anyway, you can get all your local kine groceries here, like hurricane popcorn, nori, guava juice, Aloha shoyu, etc.  That alone is pretty awesome.  But they've also got a small counter where you can order plate lunches!  The plate lunches are so ono!  Much better than your average L&L.  Poke and musubi, too!  They've got a few picnic tables out front where you can eat.On top of all that, everyone who works there is super friendly and helpful -- a perfect example of why you should patronize local businesses!
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2014,6/23/2014,46,224,4,6,4>I've come here twice to get warranty service on my laptop. The first time, the pin holding the DVD drive in place broke, requiring the base to be replaced (since the pin was supposed to be attached to the base). They diagnosed the problem and ordered the part, telling me they would send me an email in a few days when it arrived. This is much more convenient than shipping off your laptop for warranty service, since you don't have to pay shipping, only have to wait the shipping time one-way, and most importantly, can use the laptop during the waiting time. I returned and they replaced the base in less than 10 minutes. Returning home, I discovered that the wifi was not working. I went back with my laptop, and the technician found their mistake (not securing the antennae properly after opening the back) and promptly fixed it.The second time, my laptop completely died and would not turn on. I left it with them on Wednesday, and it was completely ready for pickup on Friday. They told me the motherboard had died and they replaced it.They provide a very helpful service for local Thinkpad owners (as well as Apple, Toshiba, and HP). My rating for them would be 5 stars if not for the wifi slip-up.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,4/22/2014,836,728,10,18,13>Mahalo!Happy 2 Months, Mahalo Bowl! Congrats, David! :)I'm a huge fan of their acai bowls! The first time I tried acai was in Hawaii and I loved it! I'm so glad there's one that moves in the Bay Area now! The price for a bowl is pretty reasonable and they're all made to order! So far I've tried The Original and Berries on Berries! I can't wait to try the rest!Tips:- They accept cash or credit card! :D- Follow them on twitter twitter.com/mahalobowl or fb facebook.com/getmahalobo to find their weekly schedule!- There can be a bit of wait, so try to get there after the mad rush if you can avoid it- Eat your acai bowl slowly and enjoy it, they tend to fill it to the brim
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2014,4/21/2014,218,243,3,14,8>After working a conference booth for four days, my feet were in serious amounts of pain.  A friend had told me about Happy Feet a while back and I finally decided to come in.  $25 for a one hour massage?  Yes please.I called an hour in advance and reserved a spot.  And of course I then got stuck in traffic and showed up ten minutes late, but there wasn't an issue.  Walking in, I saw that there are about thirty chairs in the dimly lit room.  You have to be polite and quiet so you don't disturb the other people enjoying their massage.  The whole experience is incredibly relaxing; I'm pretty sure I fell asleep for a few moments towards the end.I would definitely suggest coming in for a massage.  The price is right and you deserve to treat yourself.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,4/20/2014,12,481,3,9,6>When I first heard about this place and saw the price range, I was taken aback.  I mean, how much does chicken tikka masala cost?After getting a little more educated, I wanted to give the place a try.  It's tucked away in the back along El Camino (but fortunately for me, is within walking distance of my home) but was very quaint and cozy inside.  My wife and I were in the "butterfly and sea urchin" room.  (I'm pretty sure that's not what they call it but look at what's on the walls.)  Our waiter was super friendly and helpful.The food was all unique and exquisite.  We got an amuse-bouche of carrot soup which was delicious.  Our appetizers were the Ode to My Wife part III (probably the best dish of the night for me) and the chicken confit kebab, which was also good but maybe a tad salty from the anchovies.  The sea bass that we got for our entree was amazing, tender on the inside and crisp on the outside.  I also enjoyed the sauce that the short rib came in.We got the Banana pecan cake which came with an interesting lychee panna cotta.I can't wait to go back to try more dishes!
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,4/19/2014,337,489,5,10,7>This place has an awesome name. In case you didn't realize. I wish it looked more epic from the outside, but their cakes definitely make the case.We came in on a mission - it was National Chocolate Cake Day, and of course, we had to celebrate accordingly. Yelp hails their chocolate rum cake as something that is close to godliness, so that was on our radar for sure!For $5, we received a massive slice of the glorious thing that was more than enough for 2 people. The rum is in the cream cheese icing, which is all kinds of delicious, and the cake is super light and fluffy, with tons of chocolate flavor. We didn't order anything else, but all the cakes looked just as delicious, and there was an awesome variety. Definitely a go-to neighborhood bakery for all your birthday and celebratory cake needs!
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,4/18/2014,286,975,6,9,7>Best place in town for artisan hot chocolate!! Possibly the only place in town. But still the best! And still hot chocolate worthy of five stars!  It's super-rich, although customizable in terms of how cocoa-dense it is. I got the milk chocolate with caramel, which was absolutely fantastic.The serving size is manageable, meaning it's a bit small to balance the richness, and a reasonable price at $3.50.  Man, I'm just making myself want more and more!The truffles look pretty, but I didn't find them super exciting. The only thing differentiating the truffle varieties is the amount of cocoa... I'd like to see some interesting mix-ins, like almonds or caramel or peanuts or pretzels or raspberry.... I know it's not See's, but I'd still prefer some more interesting choices.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,4/17/2014,413,152,5,9,5>If it weren't for my chronic heart burn I'd insist on eating here all-day...er-day.  This place is such a hidden gem.  Definitely greasy hole in the wall quality but with a clean  more uppity nicer Chinese dim sum type ambiance.  A friend of mine claimed that before the Dumbarton bridge fee was increased to $5 her family used to drive from Fremont to San Mateo for this place - its THAT good.  The past two times that I've eaten here I've ordered the same three (3) dishes - seafood combination with pan fried noodles; slippery egg with shrimp chow fun; and fook king fried rice (hehe).  They come served up HOT on little wok style plates.  The food tasted so fresh, I was convinced they cooked them on the dishes but my friends voiced some more reasoning to me.  Nonetheless, this place is GOOD.  I'm so glad that me and my dearly beloved have an awesome Chinese restaurant to go to in San Mateo.  I will probably write a follow up review once we go there for dinner.  Enjoy!
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2014,4/16/2014,46,224,4,7,5>The pond is at the end of Embarcadero Road, next to the Baylands Nature Preserve. Due to its close proximity to the bay and the nature preserve, it definitely feels more natural than your average municipal pond. I've come here a few times to photograph the ducks and gulls that frequent the pond. Since it's not too large, I am able to walk around the perimeter of the pond to get closer to the birds, so I can shoot with a 70-200mm lens rather than the 400mm or longer typically used for bird photography. The water is also quite clean, allowing for a nice blue background behind the birds.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,4/15/2014,116,108,4,10,7>Every time my Cantonese-speaking, Hong Kong-raised parents visit me from Vancouver, this is one of my go-to places. They've got a good selection, make authentic Cantonese food, and they provide it at rock-bottom prices.Where to start? First they're authentic. Their chow mein is both crispy and saucy. Their clay pots are marvelous - especially the fresh oyster clay pot. And they give you free pork broth soup before and dessert afterward! As most of the restaurants in this area are decidedly mainland Chinese (like Da Sichuan), this place is great for people who like Cantonese food. They've got a good mix of dishes of all kinds of meat (e.g., crispy duck), some fresh seafood (e.g., steamed fish), and good fried rice and noodles - exactly as it should be for a Cantonese place.A big, big plus for me - they actually speak Cantonese! At some dim sum restaurants, they can only speak Mandarin, so to be able to order and speak to the waitstaff in the language it's supposed to be ordered in adds to the atmosphere for me. The place is also very clean, and has moderate parking. My parents appreciate the scenic paintings of Hong Kong! Good place for lunch or dinner.Overall, there aren't too many good Chinese places around this area (unless you want to drive further to Cupertino), so this place is always on our radar when in and around Stanford. Check it out!
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2013,4/14/2014,155,38,18,13,10>I just love this place. I've never stayed in a room so this review is mainly for the bar.  But the restaurant and spa also deserve a big 5. After living in L.A. for 10 years, coming to Silicon Valley was a bit of a culture shock. No real nice bars to speak of, you know the kind that make you actually want to dress up.  The Rosewood changed that. The bar ambiance is what I really come for. Inside there is a fireplace separating the two bar areas (the more mellow library side and the darker, loungier side). The library side is better for meetings or if you're just not in the mood to shout at your companion in order for them to hear you. Outside is also awesome, with patio type furniture, lots of heaters and another fireplace. The view is cool, especially if you're there at sunset. The food is pretty good all around, albeit quite expensive. It's not a place you want to take a girl on her first date if you're watching your funds, and girls, it's definitely where you want to come when someone else is buying. I usually get the sliders, tuna tartar, shrimp, flatbread and burgers (not all at once). I've never been disappointed. The drinks I've had have never been weak and the various concoctions they have on their bar menu are delish (I've tried at least 6 of them...again, not all at once). I've tried their whiskey flights, which did not disappoint, a decent price for the value compared to buying those same drinks alone. I've never had a bad customer service experience. They're not super fast but far from slow. I think their speed is fully appropriate and I can be impatient when it comes to food and drinks. Now for the best part, the people.  If you want to people-watch, this is the place to do it. The crowds are so varied, I wish I knew where some of these people came from because it can be hilarious. From about 4:30-6:30 you mostly have the VC and/or entrepreneur crowd having meetings away from their offices across the street. They start to disappear and the next crowd slowly moseys in. This crowd consists of many cougars, pumas, sleazy guys with bad accents to harmless girls night out crowds and guests of the hotel. I once witnessed a much older, European man get his very young assistant drunk. I know this because they made no secret of it in their very loud verbal and physical PDA (in the end she had one leg flung across his, and she had a miniskirt on so it was "Britney Spears" all over again. At some point she said, "we should probably get back to the office". I almost fell off my chair.  Not judging, just enjoying the entertainment.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2013,4/13/2014,169,398,5,11,9>If you want consistently fresh and delicious Thai food with quick, pretty good service, Amarin delivers!Menu: The menu here is huge and, even more importantly, vegetarian friendly. If you can't find something from soups to salads and noodles to stir fries, then you aren't even trying! Food: I have never been unhappy with a dish at Amarin...hard to believe from a picky eater like myself. I ordered one of the vegetarian soups which was flavorful and packed to the brim with kabocha squash (wooo), extra mushrooms (double woo), baby corn, and spinach. Dipping sauces are always sweet and food isn't oversauced or too greasy like many restaurants. From tofu to pad thai, the food is simply good. Dietary Restrictions/Substitutions: Yet another reason Amarin is a great place for a large party or even one picky eater. They are great about honoring any special requests from extra veggies to dish swaps. They are also great about putting sauces on the side. Setting: There are multiple rooms and you can also sit outside. It can get busy, but the wait is usually minimal as the service is expedient. It can be a tiny bit noisy at times, but not exorbitant.Overall, I guarentee you will have a great experience at Amarin (or your money back...but they actually did give us free Thai iced teas when we waited a while for our food once!)
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2008,12/29/2008,324,341,13,7,6>Even though I've been giving out 5 stars like the way I put out during my first year in college, this place deserves the high ranking. Who would have expected such a delicious eating experience in Redwood City? If you're looking for a non-super-fancy but top notch seafood eating experience, come here. This may not be the best place for a romantic date or large banquet, but it fits the bill for almost any other occasion. Just broke up and need to wallow in your self pity? Go to the Lobster Shack.Just got above a 2.0 for the first time in college? Go to the Lobster Shack.Just became a pescatarian? Go to the Lobster ShackJust woke up? Go to the Lobster Shack.I came here for lunch with a friend and got here around 11:45am which was perfect because the line was out the door soon after that. I ordered the lobster bisque (which I would eat out of your mom's bra if it meant I could have it again right now) and the blackened tilapia sandwich that was surprisingly really good. I was nervous about the whole "fish on bread" concept but they have mastered it. A little blackened, a little fishy, with an overall combination of blended perfection. The place isn't cheap, so be prepared to drop a few when you get here... dollars, not pounds... but you will accrue those if you eat here too much.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2008,12/28/2008,589,848,9,13,12>The rating for The Unique Bride is that of a cautious five-star - the services that I have experienced in my three visits to this store has been no less than that.  Everyone was gracious, eager to help, friendly and courteous.  Patricia, my bridal consultant, was the best.  Being the first bridal boutique that I visited in the quest to find the perfect gown, I came in  knowing zilch about bridal gowns (apart from the fact that they are hideously white and large and seemingly a pain to walk in).  She brought in a wide variety of gowns, enough for me to realize that, no, I do not like plain satin gowns and yes, I am all for ruffles and beads and vintage embroidery, and sometimes all of the above.  And thanks to her, I soon learned that I am not a Vera Wang or Monique Lhullier kind of bride, but more of a Lazaro or Pronovias.  Several visits to bridal stores and fifty gowns later, I found myself back at the store, in an exquisite, just-out Lazaro number with delicate embroidery, ruched bodice (which successfully created an illusion of a more generous bosom) and beautiful layers of tulle, which was, unfortunately, a bit above my budget.  And that was when I knew that it never hurt to ask.  I did, and, thanks to lovely Patricia, got 10% of the gown price credited toward alteration, or veil, whatever else I could find in the store.So, we'll see what happens between the time I dropped the first $3k as the deposit and the time I get my hand on the dream gown.  To be continued...................
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2008,12/27/2008,106,181,9,7,8>Many of the reviews about the bikini waxes here describe the process as "painless."  I love Marlinda's so I'm here to attest that...well...that's not true.  Let's not kid ourselves.  There's no such thing as a painless wax, but the Brazilians at Marlinda's are as close as it gets.  Her hands move so fast you're barely aware of the pain and thankfully you're body goes numb after the first flick of her wrist.  In a blur of wax and cloth strips you're done before you know it.  Mia's pleasant, and mercifully distracting conversation, almost make the Brazilian a pleasant experience.  The first time I was there, she chatted with me like an old friend.  Isn't that what you want from someone putting in some work down there?About halfway through the mostly painless wax, I start to wonder why I do this to myself.  It's painful and misogynistic and quite obviously a process invented by men...men with a fetish for pre-pubescent girls.  When I return home for the appraisal of my most recent superfluous beauty treatment, I remember why I swallow my pride and accept the misogyny.  You just don't get that same wide-eyed look of hunger when showing off a pedicure.  Beauty is pain but just because there's less pain at Marlinda's doesn't mean there's any less beauty.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2008,12/26/2008,78,88,17,12,12>If I had a block, this be my block: Draeger's, B Street and Vine, Sinbad's, r all up n here. My Matt-eo hood just needed some kind of sweet spot for dessert.Yogurtouille was bumpin' with all sorts of holmes: momma's baby, baby's momma, your momma, and those hyphes from around the corner.Then you got served: by your self.The way it works here is: you grab a giant paper bowl and self-serve your yogurt and then choose from a wide variety of toppings (like red bean.)You pay by the pound, so bring your cheese and go easy on the lever.They have the frozen"sweet tart" yo' that actually tastes like yo'.  And they have the O.G. frozen yo' that tastes like Yummi Yo' we grew up on.Footnote: If I were grading this review, I would give it an "F" because it is an insult to the English language, holmes.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2008,12/25/2008,321,372,11,7,8>Garlic...peppers...spices...oh for the love of all thats yummy in the world...I am in love. Oh sure, it's not for the weak of heart or stomach...but for those who can handle it, it is a joyous experience that actually gets spicy right. And as an extra bonus, my face got a steam bath that women would pay major $$ for at any salon. Who cares if I smelled like a giant garlic clove for several hours after, that my tongue was numb after biting into some strange berry-pepper or that I was attacked by a splashing octopus as it made its way into the broth? Eh, such slight things...this place makes me happy, is a great place to bring a small group, and the food is yummers. What more is there to ask for?
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2008,12/24/2008,289,323,10,12,12>The bf and I thought it would be nice to celebrate our 3 1/2 year (12/12/08)). Instead of our usual places we decided on something new. We have another couple friends that has mentioned this place before (yes you nick and lorraine! =)  ) and thought why not go to someplace new. Broadway Prime it is!Parking was actually a pain in the beginning but after circling around 4-5 times we found parking right in front. Walked in and we were NOT greeted. -1! jk (not)After 5 minutes a guy FINALLY notice us standing and asked how many. It's not like the place was packed although there was a party on the second level. We weren't seated with all the other people but was seated near the windows near the front. Yes right next to the bar. How romantic right?We weren't happy being seated there in the beginning but toward the end it wasn't bad being seated there afterall. In fact it was more romantic because I can actually have a nice dinner and conversation with my bf. Lights were dim with a candle on the table. Food- I ordered the peninsula cut which is the smallest cut, medium rare with cream corn and garlic mash. The meal also comes with a well dressed salad. I personally thought there was too much dressing though. That small cut was actually the perfect size for me. Don't you hate leaving a restaurant being TOO full? Ugh I know I hate that feeling. The sides complimented the prime rib very well. I wanted to take the sides to go since I couldn't even finish half of it. The waitress insisted giving me brand new scoops of garlic mash and cream corn. I thought that was really generous of her. Shout out to our waitress!Overall I thought everything went pretty well. Thanks honey for paying =)
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2008,12/23/2008,363,329,10,12,11>I had my hesitations about this place after calling to make a dinner reservation (left a VM), and never heard back from them to confirm.  After being stuck in traffic for almost an hour, I definitely needed some vino. It was all worth it because I knew I was meeting up with my gal, Jeannette, and the evening was definitely going to get better. We met up for our usual catchup gab and food feast.A friendly hostess greeted us, and (found out that they only take ressies for 6 or more). I was immediately digging the ambiance. It wasn't too crowded (yet) and we sat by the window. After several minutes of staring at the menu, we decided  to each have our own salads (mine was the Arugula salad with goat cheese) and easily choose the following: CHEESE: Cambozola with apricots and medjool dates, Pecorino -Gran Cru with white truffle honey, Aged gouda with tomato chutney MEATS: Calabrese salame served with birra infused whole grain mustard, Serrano ham served with rustic bread and olive oil, Prosciutto di Parma aged 16 months, with roasted shallot confit. Meats were tender and delish. The cheeses weren't smelly and tasty!I wish there were little tags on the cheeses and toppings so we knew exactly what was what. It was fun experimenting with the different combos, and to quote J, "I don't know what the hell that combo was, but it was damn good. Oh wait, look, I have another bite of it left here!"My favorite cheeses were definitely the goat  and the aged gouda. The fig jam was accidentally given to us, but it didn't matter because we loved it anyway. That and the white truffle honey were to die for. Yummy! My (Meritage/Blend) Hannah Nicole, Madera wine was superb. (Surprisingly, I limited myself to one glass-hard to believe, I know. I'm on antibiotics, had a long day at work, and had drive back to SF, etc., -- cut me some slack, ok?).I was minorly inconvenienced when the gal sitting behind me moved her chair and bumped me without saying 'Excuse Me.' (rude B$#%*!). I let it go as I wasn't gonna let her ruin my CHEESY meal. My gal, J, was gracious enough to move our table back a bit so I had more room and could eat in peace!All in all, I had a lovely time at Cask. Our server was friendly, pleasant, and attentive. Prices were a bit pricier than expected, but was fine with it because of the service and ambiance. Of course, my dinner partner in crime, made the outing even better (Aww.. sniff sniff... ya, yah, whatever!!)I'd definitely go back to Cask.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2008,12/21/2008,2065,133,11,13,12>K...EVERYONE sing along, "Plop Plop Fizz Fizz oh what a relief it is"  Do you remember that commercial..."I CAN'T BELIEVE I ATE THE WHOLE THING"  That's how I felt last night after leaving "Pampas"!Our very good friends Lynda and Skip treated us to dinner last night and it was truly a treat.  Pampas is the perfect venue to sit back, enjoy the plethora of meat, great company and good wine.  I haven't eaten this much in a long time.Initially I was a bit skeptical, because Rose does not eat beef or pork but with the abundant side bar and the excellent chicken and her main course of Halibut which she really enjoyed there were enough alternatives for her to really enjoy her meal.Bottom line...Pampas is like Todai but for meat eaters but a hell of a lot better!  We will definitely be back!!
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2008,12/20/2008,327,363,11,16,13>One tiny bite into the chibi (mini) taiyaki  (a traditional Japanese waffle shaped fish with various flavored fillings) instantly makes me feel as though I am 10 years old again. A warm tingly nostalgic feel that takes me back to all my summer visits in Japan during my childhood.  The warm batter and sweet burst of azuki somehow reminds me of the warmth of my Obaachan's smile. Now, being Japanese I'm very critical with food. In fact, I become hard and cold as a rock when judging it. After all, it has to be the way it tastes in Japan. Tara and Lisa have fortunately brought me close enough to Japan as possible. Working with passion and dedication they have worked hard opening one of the few taiyaki shops around. Be patient, because despite the wait for your fresh taiyaki...they taste best piping hot. Buy a school (12 little fishies) or half a school. Their main flavors include azuki (sweet red bean), vanilla, chocolate, and nutella (irresistible to most!). Special flavors rotate out each week as well! To accompany the fish they sell coffee, teas, and soda. Don't forget to pick up a Sweet Breams shirt or bag. And your free frequent fish buyers card. A small, but very sleek and modern designed shop, it makes a great stop for dessert or a quick snack. And if you like "Cutesy Japanese influenced" artwork...feast your eyes on the walls. I don't know how else you'd categorize my artwork!Sweet Breams, you truly make my visits Sweet. Because I can't ever resist the feeling of being a ten year old.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2008,12/19/2008,632,981,12,15,17>Why aren't more people raving about the outstanding burgers served at Rave Burger?  I visited here recently for a late lunch / early dinner, and I thought the burger was one of the best I've had in recent memory.The restaurant wasn't very busy on the afternoon that I visited.  The friendly waiter asked me to take a seat anywhere.  I chose one of the cushioned benches on the left hand wall of the restaurant.  There is individual table and chair seating on the right hand wall (yelp.com/biz_photos/jS1j).  The waiter took my drink order immediately, and before I had even settled into my seat a glass of Coke was sitting in front of me.  There are free refills on soft drinks so drink responsibly.  There are funny cartoons hanging on the walls.  This one in particular caught my attention (yelp.com/biz_photos/jS1j).  They have a two-sided menu filled with Niman Ranch beef burgers, chicken sandwiches, mahi mahi sandwiches, garden burgers, hot dogs and salads.  The Rave Burger sounded great but a bit messy for it had a lot of added-on toppings on it.  I think one of the cool things about this restaurant is that you can add different toppings to almost everything (for an additional price, of course).  I decided on an All American burger with avocado and onion strings added on.  The burgers are cooked to order and you get your choice of natural french fries or a spring salad.  I requested a medium burger and selected the fries as my side.In just a few minutes I got my burger, and it looked outstanding (yelp.com/biz_photos/jS1j).  The burger comes with a garnish of fresh leaf lettuce, a slice of tomato, a thin slice of red onion and an oblong slice of pickle.  The mound of add-on avocado and onion strings were so high I only used the lettuce leaf on the burger.  I ate the tomato and the pickle on its own.  I tried the fries first.  These are hearty sized fries a bit bigger than normal fries but smaller than wedge fries.  The skin is left on and no salt is added.  That's perfect for me because I'm never one to add salt to anything.  The fries were nice and crunchy on the outside and hot and meaty on the inside.  I ate almost half of the fries before I took the first bite of my burger.Unlocked juices squirted out and dripped onto my plate and down my wrist on just my first bite of the burger.  The one-third pound patty was cooked to a perfect medium with just a bit of pink in the meat.  Even with the generous portion of ripe avocado and batter fried onion strings I could really taste the beefy burger.  The thin onion strings are lightly battered and fried up crispy.  I finished the big burger and found myself struggling to finish the fries on my plate.As I sat there stuffed the owner of the restaurant came by to see how my burger was.  I guess he didn't notice that my plate was completely empty except for the noticeable pool of burger juice I left behind.  I told him it was one of the best burgers I've had.  I asked him some things about his restaurant, and he kindly pulled up a chair and we chatted for a bit.  Friendly guy.  I promised him I'd return whenever I'm back in San Mateo.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2014,11/10/2014,751,274,7,8,6>Came here for a company group dinner. Glad they picked this place because it's one of the better Prime Ribs I've eaten. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive. The service staff works as a big team getting what you need and clearing your plates away.Cozy little restaurant and was full by the time we were there at 6:30pm on a weekday.STARTERS:Bread: Rustic Bread. Crunchy on the outside yet super soft on the inside. My weakness is when they give you oil and balsamic vinegar to go with it. Please pass it all the way down the table before I eat the whole thing.Seared Ahi Tuna Sashimi: Nice red color so you know it's fresh. Good quality for a steak house. Comes with soy sauce but should be used sparingly so you don't take away the flavor of the tuna.Dungeness Crab Cakes: Inside of the crab cake was creamy and soft. I don't like mine so creamy but it was still very tasty. It was very crispy on the outside.MAIN:Prime Rib (Standard Cut 10oz) w/ baked potato, broccoli & carrots - Medium rare is how like my meat and it came out the way a medium rare cut should be, very pink all around. Prime rib was on point. Very soft and juicy. Wasn't too salty. Some people in the group got the Petite cut (8oz) and you can hardly tell the difference. Only a little thicker than mine by the slightest margin.DESSERT: There's always room for dessert!Mud Pie- Coffee ice cream with oreo crust. Top that off with a thick layer of whip cream and you to got yourself a dessert. I could only have a couple of bites by this time. I would get this again if I had to pick a dessert but if you don't have room for it then it's not a must have.Apple Pie- standard pie. nothing special.Peach Pie a la mode - standard pie. nothing specialOVERALL: I'd come back again. Maybe even come in for a quick bit and take advantage of the Sunset Dinner Menu from 5-6pm and still get Prime Rib for $24.95.PARKING:Small private. You can also park on El Camino Real.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2014,11/9/2014,119,650,5,3,2>Everyone seems so happy here more happy more happy than I've seen before but it must show alot about the place. I've been told alot of crazy stuff to stay away from here but everytime I am here it seems so happy an peaceful so I really don't know what thats all about.Mondays they have comedy , It usually ends pretty early tho.The great thing about this place that stands out if you watch food tv shows is the super hot habenero burger that gets your pic on the wall if you eat if .They have an excellent happy hour and the dueling pianos are pretty awesome.They have a pretty incredible patio thats cool to chill out on an theres even tv's out there .The bartenders are real awesome.   Theres this one female bartender that dances if you put shakira on the jukebox. THey have karaoke a few days a week here, I've been there on Saturdays.I am not sure what karaoke is the other days.The regulars here are pretty cool.They have a couple antique arcade games too and two whole levels of the place to enjoy.THe bathrooms are very clean too and they even have a working lock on them.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2014,11/8/2014,437,748,5,6,6>Yum. Sushi. Me and my sister came here for dinner and got a couple of rolls to share. With the complimentary salad and soup, we were pretty satisfied though we could have probably pushed for one more roll.We got the Red Scallop Roll and the Joy King Roll. The Red Scallop roll was good with a good kick of spicy tuna in the center and fresh scallop on top. I enjoyed the heat of the spicy tuna and didn't find myself needing to add soy sauce.There something about baked salmon that I love and the Joy King Roll was no exception. The salmon was cooked well and the roll was doused with a really good sauce. Overall, Joy Sushi has a huge specialty sushi selection and it took a while to make a decision on what to choose, but I was happy with our selection and will be back to try more.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,11/7/2014,324,365,6,5,5>Love love love working with Annalize.  Started out thinking I was going to go small and just get a couple vintage pieces to add some pizzazz to my wedding but after seeing all her pieces I'm doing two lounge setups, sweetheart table, whiskey bar and cake table.  She has great taste and style and really helped us put together a great vision...so much so that after working with her on the furniture parts I'm also going to have her style our wedding (great service for those brides that don't need a lot of help but just a little) and now she's going to do our flowers!  Can't wait for the day and not to toot my own horn but SHVR's horn - my wedding is going to be soooooooo pretty...squeal....big smile!  Definitely will post lots of pictures of the day taken by my talented photographer friend Jason Wu.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2014,11/6/2014,63,71,2,8,7>Great addition to downtown Mountain View. Stopped in this morning and yes, how other reviewers have said there is a limited selection (only macarons and tarts) and many of the cases are empty. However, the service is prompt and friendly, the coffee is yummy and the coffee tart we selected was delicious (creamy, crunchy, flaky crust, not too sweet and a little savory--- YUM)! Also the price was very reasonable- medium latte and tart were $9.00 even. Given the area and the Alexander's brand, I was expecting them to charge a lot more. Very impressive. I hope they will add fresh breads to their selection in the future. Actually I hope they add a lot more to their selection in the future! There are many empty cases begging to be filled! The room was remodeled nicely- and is now probably one of the better coffee shops to chat with a friend comfortably downtown. As it is now, I'm rating 4 stars for a bit of a rocky start with TONS of promise. Will return and expect this to be a delightful stop-by during the winter months.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,11/5/2014,153,133,4,4,4>I wanted to surprise my wife with flowers at the table for our 16th wedding anniversary dinner. I have to admit I was really nervous about the logistics of finding the right florist to create an arrangement my wife would like and also have faith that they would deliver the flowers to the restaurant for my surprise.I scoured Yelp for florist reviews in and around Palo Alto before deciding on Twig and Petals. T&P's reviews stood out so I gave them a call. I spoke to Bella about my plan and about what my wife would like. She was patient and had some fantastic ideas of what to do (I don't know much about flowers so I just had to smile as Bella ran through a list of flowers that I was clueless about). At the end of our conversation I knew I had made a good choice and that everything was going to work out as planned.The arrangement was delivered to the restaurant on-time and looked amazing. My wife's eyes lit up when she saw them; the mix of colors, shapes and textures was perfect.Thank you Twig and Petals for a truly 5 star experience.Cheers!
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2014,11/4/2014,61,91,5,6,6>I LUUUUVVVV me some happy hour and HH ON A SATURDAY NIGHT!?! Get out. This place is about to get some mad love.Ambiance: Sexy lounge comes to mind.  There is mood lighting and decorative buddhas near the bar.  This is exactly the place I go to with some killer heels and a freak'em dress.  Also, r&b mood music (which is surprisingly hard to find in PA).  A lounge for 20-somethings!  woot woot!Service: Our waiter was pretty good but what took the cake was the manager walking around making sure we were comfortable.  We got some great drink suggestions and he made us feel at home.Food: We ordered the martabak and the crispy calamari.  The portions are a bit on the smaller side (you only get 3 martabak, hard to share...) and I was sad to see that they recently raised the HH hour prices from $5 to $6.  However, the drizzank saved the day.  I got the passionfruit caipirinha and the paloma and both were delicious.  I'm definitely coming back here for drinks the next time I'm feeling grown and sexy, and this would be an awesome pregame spot for sure.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2014,11/3/2014,305,547,4,6,8>Had bookmarked this supermarket for awhile and decided to check it out on my day off, while walking around downtown San Mateo. It wasn't exactly what I had expected (as in, the supermarket didn't seem to be fully stocked), and it seems their breadwinner is really their deli-like setup for their takeout/to-go orders. What I really liked though, was how I was welcomed with a "hello!" as soon as I walked into the supermarket. The cashier (and perhaps manager?) greeted me with a smile as he asked me if I needed any help. He was patient and helpful with explaining the menu for their takeout orders... not pushy in any way, which was very much appreciated.Later, he even brought me out a little kit kat bar as I ate my lunch outside.. maybe he saw me instagramming my food and suspected I might write a review... still, it was a sweet little gesture and it made for an overall very positive experience.Spam musubi, I will be back for you.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2014,11/2/2014,128,367,4,7,4>Came here to get a dinner before a movie at Century.There is a small street that connects Century and the street this place is located in, however it's not lit (and I'm talking pitch black), I didn't even realize there was a group of people hanging out in the shadows (creepy), until I almost stepped into someone's dog's water bowl... Yeah, so that happened. But you can park in the Century's parking structure, since there's not many spots on the street next to the restaurant.As I came in, the staff was very friendly and polite. They even charged my iPhone for me (there's no outlets in the dining area, so they plugged my phone in at the bar).The place isn't very big, and they have outside seating, so you can come with your doggie.The menu is not very big, but it's creative and everything that we ordered tasted fantastic. I am very-very happy because they cook all their food to order, including gnocchi, which means that they were able to accommodate my garlic allergy.if I could only choose one thing to order though, it would definitely be the fries. Oh. My. God, those were so good, I think my sister and I ate a good half of by brother-in-law's fries that night :)I definitely want to come back to try their desserts.Little Gems Salad: Baby Romaine, red leaf and lamb's tongue lettuce, organic strawberries, fresh mint, barrel aged sheep milk Feta, apple cider vinaigrette - very good, the flavors were well-coordinatedPan seared Troll Caught Wild Salmon: Spinach risotto, grilled baby patty pan squash - I really liked the risotto and the salmon was very nicely preparedMy brother-in-law had a burger, which was served with house-made ketchup. I personally would prefer Heinz (I didn't like the crust that ended up forming on the ketchup), but hey, it's house-made!The service was extremely attentive, and they double-triple checked to make sure there was no garlic in my food, my sister even heard our server ask the chef whether there's garlic in the ketchup (there isn't).Well done, very well done!
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2014,11/1/2014,106,116,4,4,4>Wow, this isn't a shoe store, but a shoe consultancy---the associates aren't salesmen, but foot/running experts. Gossum assisted me and I was blown away! Being a runner himself, he was able to assess my form and needs in the most informed way one could. He even took me outside to watch me run. You can't get this from footlocker. You can't get this even from a doctor. The prices may be high, but the kind of advice, recommendations, and quality footwear is unrivaled anywhere in the south bay.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2008,5/6/2008,222,319,7,8,7>Back-a-truck, Back-an-18 wheeler, or Back-whatever vehicle you have up to this fine place to enjoy delicious Caribbean food. One of the few places in the Bay Area where you can get Jerk food. I'm glad I found this place while Yelping and it definitely deserves the 4.5 stars it has received from Yelpers.Came here with a friend to dine-in after having eaten take-out once before. Luckily we ate past the lunch time rush at around 1:30PM so there were plenty of tables available in this small establishment. We both took our time staring at the huge menu behind the counter. I chose the Jerk pork and salmon after having their specialty Jerk chicken before. My friend decided upon the Jerk chicken. They were both accompanied with fried plantain slices, small side salad, and red beans and rice.Pork pieces was juicy and spicy from the jerk sauce, upon which I poured even more sauce to give it an extra kick I enjoy. Even got some end pieces which I loved because of the crispy, slightly burnt exterior. The salmon was flaky and moist, although I did have to pick out a couple bones. My friend really enjoyed the chicken and got a healthy portion of 2 thighs and 2 drumsticks. She had never had Caribbean food before and enjoyed the unique flavors of this cuisine.Overall: 4.5 stars
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2008,5/5/2008,76,106,8,10,10>I like the happy hour - which happens *twice a day* ... twice... cheap drinks and appetizers twice a day?? Hook me up!  And this magical event happens in a chill, trendy atmosphere that makes me feel insta-cool.  Since it's right around the corner from work, I long ago decided that this should be the place at which I shall become a regular... I haven't made a good effort on that yet, but it's in the works. I've tried take out a couple times for lunches, and the food loses something in translation.  So definitely stick to dining/drinking in.  They have very tasty mixed drinks, and a Great wine list... they pay a lot of attention to the quality of their wine list.  Actually I get the feeling they pay a lot of attention to the quality of everything in their establishment.  Pick pretty much anything on the appetizer list... it's all yummy.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2008,5/4/2008,117,98,14,21,11>So yelp is the place where you are supposed to review ALL your favorite businesses, right?Ok...this is definitely one of my new favorite businesses. Before last week I had never had a colonic, never even wanted one. After I met Mr Hsu I actually began considering it. He trained for many many years in Chinese medical practices which he uses as a basis to suggest lifestyle alterations in order to improve a remarkable array of complaints and diseases. As an acupuncturist I found this especially intriguing since it shares many similarities yet is still so different from my training. He even suggested some supplements and herbs to improve my health which I really appreciated.The colonic itself was not nearly as humiliating and awful as I expected it to be. Mr Hsu explained everything to me in detail, answered all my questions and assured me that my "dignity would be maintained" throughout the entire process. The space is very professional and clean with all disposable equipment so I never had to worry about that important aspect.If you have ever considered this but are worried about whom to trust, this guy is the shi..er..he's really good. I will definitely be back.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2008,5/3/2008,92,207,1,4,8>Last year I found out the Stanford was doing a Fred Astair festival - and since my kids and I love to watch Fred and Ginger movies, I took them both one evening.  Parking was a bit of a hassle, but now that I know where the parking garages are, I will just go straight to them next time, so not a big deal there.We got to the theatre, bought our tickets, and headed in.  Inside, our jaws all dropped.  What a gorgeous place!  The carpets are plush, the walls have vintage movie posters, and I always love a theatre with a balcony!  We were running a bit late, so we snuck in the back of the theatre and found seats in the back row.  I then spent the movie enjoying Fred ang Ginger like never before - not only larger than life, but with an audience responding to the plot, laughing at the jokes, applauding aftter ever dance routine.  It was magical - as was watching the older couples, heads together, watching the film.  As one dance started, the gentleman in front of us turned to his wife and said "remember?" and she just smiled.  It brought tears to my eyes!  The kids loved the experience and we headed home appreciating Fred and Ginger even more.Later that week I took my daughter back and we met up with a friend to see "Funny Face."  It was a matinee and we got there earlier, so parking was easy and we had time to look in the little museum next to the theatre.  This time we sat up in the balcony - front row.  The organ was up and being played between movies, and we made plans right then to go back to see a silent film (which we still need to do!).   Audrey Hepburn is as wonderful on the silver screen as on the tv screen (more so, actually) and it made for another wonderful movie experience.In fact ... I think I'll go head over to their website now and see what movies are coming up!
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2007,5/2/2008,188,30,19,21,20>In 2003, I called Mathews-Carlsen, crying, parked in a parking lot, sitting in my baby who had been backed into... Tom Spencer patiently assured me over the phone that they would make her look better than new. A week later, his word was gospel and they even took out two dings while they were at it! The quality of service is unparalleled. The customer service is professional, responsive, and personable. Moreover, they are reasonably priced. These guys really know what they are doing, partly because they are car enthusiasts themselves, but mostly because of their eye for quality work. Also, I'm convinced that they have Superman on staff, because they can do just about anything you need (insurance adjustor correspondence, rental cars, detailing, towing, interior strip/leather replacement, and even alignment using the mystic Porsche/BMW system). And if you won't take my word for it, then take Carlsen Porsche's recommendation, and if we combined aren't good enough for you, then you shall bow down when you see that all the Carrera GTs and Ferraris get sent there as well. I've been there two handfuls of times since that fateful day in 2003 -- either to chat with Tom, Betty, Paul, and JR, or to bring in friends with car woes. I wouldn't trust anyone else with my car, and neither should you.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2007,5/1/2008,148,125,2,12,14>Ladies, we now can save the world by buying one pair of great shoes at a time. This charming little boutique in downtown Palo Alto donates all their operating income to Global Fund for Women. Their selection includes stylish ballet flats, sexy stilettos, casual flip-flops, trendy wedges, and more. They are truly beautiful inside and out.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2007,4/30/2008,419,342,5,12,12>Izakaya Mai is an authentic Japanese eatery which only serves the very freshest of ingredients. The staff was delightful- happy smiling faces all around. As you enter the restaurant, you'll notice that this tiny place is packed with something quaint everywhere you turn. Whether its pictures of their loyal customers, or a tiny train set that circles the kitchen ceiling, there is a perpetual sense of motion in every square inch of space.I ordered a bowl of udon soup. Although it was not spine-tingling spectacular, it was good. I have to mention that the green tea was served piping hot- the ONLY way green tea (or barley tea) should EVER be served. So that was a very nice plus for me. Nothing worse than lukewarm tea. Eck. The boyfriend ordered an Oyako-don, which he mentioned is one of the most well-prepared dishes at Izkaya Mai. There were two sushi chefs at the time when we went in for dinner. Although their cutting table was very limited in space, the pair worked around each other very efficiently- fishing out bottles of sauce and containers of sashimi like a pair of jesters juggling for a crowd. I watched as they prepared an order of Ahi Salad. Looked scrumptious- definitely the next thing I plan to try for my next visit.If you're in the San Mateo area, Izakaya Mai is a MUST TRY. Don't miss out on one of the few JAPANESE owned Japanese restaurants left. They're becoming extinct people! (See my review on Ducks Restaurant for a true Mom 'n Pop Jpnse Restaurant in LA) Izakaya is like Ducks, but with a large selection of sashimi. Pure heaven- and open late on Fridays + weekends. YAY :o)
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2007,4/29/2008,32,18,12,7,6>Yoga Source is a great workout. It's better than Avalon Yoga; the poses are hard and the teachers are intense. I asked one of my friends and she said that Yoga Source PA is known among the instructors as one of the most "talented" studios. When they have to bring teachers from their Los Gatos studio, they always step up the difficulty from the level of classes they normally teach over there. Beware the back of the room close to the heater in bikram because you might just pass out.-1 star for my damaged self-esteem. Johnny: Forehead to kneecap! FOREHEAD to KNEECAP.**At this point, I looked at my leg and saw in horror that my nose was on my shin. SHIT! I thought. It was too late.**Johnny, loudly: THIS is your forehead and THIS is your knee. Your head is not here, it's here (grabs me by the hair on the top of my head and shifts my head up).Me: Ow.I might have gotten "panther pose" or whatever it was right, but now I'm going to have nightmares about his Texan accent screaming FOREHEAD to KNEE. Also, the guy on the left giggled at me. Thanks buddy--I just saw you struggling with child's pose. I don't think I'm the one with the problem.**UPDATE: The guy at the front said Heated Vinyasa on Thursdays is the toughest class. The guy was right. Holy crap. You're pretty much a yogi if you're not struggling in this class.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2007,4/28/2008,455,181,12,11,14>Starbucks is so passe!If you're a writer and need to be seen writing or else it doesn't count (Family Guy) come to University Cafe.  Not only is the coffee better than Starbucks and Peets, they have gourmet food!  Surprising, I know.  Their Mint Mocha Freeze was sinful, like an Andes mint and a coffee bean getting it on in my mouth.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2008,4/27/2008,70,228,8,6,6>I have to say, I'm pretty biased towards my taquerias in the Mission, however, this place turned out to be one of the best joints I've been to in the Bay Area.  I stopped here for lunch after a meeting and ordered a super pollo burrito.  The thing was literally the size of my thigh (I am a midget, btw), which was awesome.  The salsa bar had awesome salsas and the guacamole was amazing.  The burrito itself was only $6 and came out quickly.  The chicken was tasty and the extra fixins on the inside were pretty awesome as well.Probably the best part of this restaurant is that you really wouldn't be surprised to see a gang fight break out in the lobby, but that just adds to the character right?I'll definitely come back here after my next gang fight or if I need a quick burrito fix in EPA!
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2009,6/3/2009,95,66,9,7,7>I came here most recently with a good friend of mine who was craving boba, and wow I must say that I came away really impressed! For some reason I don't remember it being this good.The decor is really chic, complete with candles and dark themes. I felt like it was torn from a page of a magazine - it was that good. The service was great, it helped that my friend was cute, but the two cashiers were really kind and went out of their way to explain what the different flavors of tea were like for her. (She wanted to try something new... The more I think about it, the more I believe it was just because she was cute. O well)PIPING hot fried-chicken-chunks and my almond milk tea tasted awesome with egg pudding (Verde is one of the few places that do it right). The environment was perfect for talking and studying too.Some random observations:-Guy studying there I noticed had a "UCLA STORE" textbook and notebook! Go Bruins ... although it's like week 8 - why are you here dude? Go back to Westwood.-The flatscreen was playing some Usher movie. We didn't even KNOW Usher made movies.. haha.-Super random crowd - studying asian guy, two anime-loving white guys, two black women deep in conversation, and the two cashiers were latino. Plus us two (my friend and I) leaves the studying asian guy as the only lonely person in the room. Sad. Go Bruins.Good food + good company + good environment = 4 stars!
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2009,6/2/2009,53,119,8,8,9>This is going to be my new spot for comforting Filipino food!  Sure it's satisfying to make my own, but I think I'm getting tired of cursing to myself when I screw it up.Pros:+ I'm in love with their pork sinigang.  Just sour enough (I like mine a bit more sour than others, but that's what we all think) and no pork bones!  Hate it when there are bones...they slow me down!+ Only $4.50 for one item and $5.99 for two.  Two items are enough to last me two meals.  Such a good deal!Cons:- Also had the mongo which was just okay.  I wanted ground meat (is it ever made that way??) and a bit more saltiness.  I'm such a carnivorous beast.- They're closed on Sundays!  For some reason, Sunday is the day I crave comforting Filipino food.  Bottom line:  They charged me $4.50 for 2 items!  Either they were super generous, or it was a mistake.   But who cares, I'm going back anyway!  And the ladies were so nice and friendly.  Next time I'll try the BBQ.  So happy to find a Filipino restaurant in Mt View.  I get tired of Chinese food.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2009,6/1/2009,111,233,5,8,7>I felt as if I was transported to San Francisco or Los Angeles when I walked through Xanh. I think it's safe to say that this is the hippest place on Castro St. It was packed to the gills on a Thursday night, people love Xanh. Reservations are a must for dinner. I've been here before just for drinks so this time was a doozy - drinks AND dinner. For my cocktail I went with the old stand by, the Lychee Martini. A perfect martini: smooth, sweet and incredibly satisfying. The presentation of the dishes WAS really beautiful and it's clear that they put thought and attention into each one. It was difficult to decide what to order since the menu is loaded with an overwhelming amount of delicious choices. Crispy Calamari - SO glad we went with this. What an excellent starter. A nice variety of rings and tentacles fried in a spicy, cayenne like pepper batter along with a spicy aioli dipping sauce....mmmm so good. Kobe Beef roll - liked it but sadly it didn't blow me away. Ahi Tuna roll - the tuna was lacking flavor so I was a bit disappointed. For a packed restaurant the service was highly attentive and super speedy. Our water glasses were refilled after almost every sip, very nice. Next time I'll have to try some of the main plates on the menu like the SHAKING BEEF and the XANH BANANA LEAF SEA BASS.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2009,5/31/2009,51,286,7,8,7>I have now been to Foster City Dental Care twice.  Once for the most thorough teeth cleaning of my life and for x-rays, and the second to have a cavity filled and an oral cancer screening.  I have had very good luck with dentists in the past and I am glad FCDC helped keep this track record going.  On both visits the dental hygienists were friendly and very good at keeping the patients at ease.  On my first visit, the dentist who did my cleaning (yes, the dentists here do the cleanings, not the hygienists) was extremely thorough, but so thorough she left my mouth a bit bloody.  Apparently this was my fault, because she had her work cut out for her scrapping away at my teeth.  She scrapped my teeth for what seemed like an hour and when all was said and done, they were unbelievably clean.  She also gave me a flossing lesson-apparently she didn't believe that I had every learned this before-and took the time to go over my x-rays with me and explain what I was seeing.  I have never left a dentist apt. with my teeth looking or feeling so clean.  On my second visit I had a different dentist, Myriam Tawfik, D.D.S.  She filled my cavity and I am amazed at how painless and quick this process was.  Yes, I said painless.  She didn't use any Novocaine and not only did I not feel a single thing, it also cut down on the time quite a bit.  I was in and out in less than 20 minutes.  The oral cancer screening was quick and inexpensive ($30 I believe) and helped put my mind at ease.  I see a lot of patients with oral cancer, so this is a slight area of paranoia for me.    This is a clean, state of the art, and very friendly place.  The dentists are extremely thorough and knowledgeable, and I received a better cleaning here than I have ever received elsewhere.  I would highly recommend Foster City Dental Care and Myriam Tawfik, D.D.S.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2009,5/30/2009,493,463,6,8,6>Absolutely no idea how to pronounce this place .... still!  And I've been here 3 times at this point.  Don't know what that says about me, but I figure they have a bit of difficulty understanding me when I place my order via phone and I have difficulty pronouncing their name -- it's kinda a wash!  Hell, I can tell people where it's located - exactly - and then there's this Yelp review ... I think we're good.You know how sometimes when you leave a Thai place you feel weighed down?  Kinda greasy?  Heavy?  NOT here!  Not only does Sirayvah serve their dishes with *organic brown rice* it all feels so light and healthy!  I'm constantly looking for a reason to stop in for another "fix" ...  Got a few of my friends addicted.  Got my boyfriend addicted.  I say the chances are pretty high I'll be back soon!Some dishes I've tried and/or continue to try ...APPIE:LARBGAI:  Minced chicken seasoned with lime juice, chili powder, toasted rice power, mint, shallots wrapped in butter lettuce cup.  Light, flavorful, DELISH!MAINS:PANANG CHICKEN:  Mixed vegetables, free-range chicken, asparagus, red coconut milk curry sauce, garnished with bell pepper.  My absolute FAVE!BASIL CHICKEN:  Sauteed free-range chicken breast, garlic, portabella mushroom, chilies, onions, basil sauce, bell pepper.  Spicy goodness!GREEN CURRY HALIBUT: Pan seared Alaskan Wild Halibut steak with eggplant, basil, zucchini and French green beans in a green curry coconut milk sauce and garnished with bell pepper.Make sure to order a side (or 2) of the house made spicy chili sauce ... Vinegary, delectable, spicy!
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2008,5/29/2009,278,355,16,18,18>Wow this place is good... just thought I'd get that out of the way.My colleague is leaving for a new (better) job in SoCal.  We decide to meet halfway for lunch, to pickup his work laptop and a farewell lunch.  He suggests Cheesecake Factory in Palo Alto.  *uncomfortable pause*Hmmm...  I then exclaim, "NO CHAIN FOOD."  He says okay then, how about Evvia?  That's his favorite place in PA.  Its not chain food so I agree... then I quickly check Yelp reviews before I head out the door.  Everyone says gotta try the lamb chops.  All the way down there I'm thinking, "Please have it on the lunch menu, please have it on the lunch menu."  Yep its on there.Drinks: Aris.  Nice. Greek. Beer.Appetizer: Spanakopita.  Nice.  Perfectly flaky.Entree: Lamb Chops.  Damn nice.  There's a gazillion reviews saying the lamb chops are to die for.  Yes, get it... even if you're vegetarian.  Its $28 for lunch but you only live twice and there's no lamb in heaven (or hell depending on your behavior).Dessert: Galaktoboureko and Sokolatina.  Wow both were really nice.  The chocolate (Sokolatina) would be perfect with port or coffee... its heavenly.  Girls take note.Sure its a bit expensive for lunch ($100 for two, excluding tip), but I told my friend and colleague that everyone should get a farewell lunch... just don't come back.  Okay I was kidding.  Bring someone here if you want to show them an excellent meal with attentive, friendly service.  Worthy of all five stars.Free 2 hour parking right across the street BTW, very cool.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2009,5/28/2009,493,361,9,14,13>The east coast cold cut sandwich, with the homemade salami and sausage, mortadella and peperocini is to die for!!  The combo, with the pesto sauce provides a great mix of flavors, the pulled pork with the slaw provides a nice mix of tender meat and the sweetness from the slaw and the homemade Italian sausage sandwiches are freakin grub!  The new owner really made these sandwiches stand out and are quite, quite good, much better then some of the other local sandwich places...Additionally, the homemade sausages are freakin awesome and the pulled pork sand which is a must try!!!  I had a bowl of their chicken soup the other day, simple in principle, but the broth had that a depth of flavor and mouth feel means that it had to have been made from scratch.Under the old ownership it was a four...  With the major make over, the new blood and life running through this place it's a five now and if your in  San Mateo you need to stop on by and try out their homemade ravioli and sandwiches!!!  If it's been a while since you last stopped in here, you need to come by and sample some of the new food items they are doing here!!!
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2009,5/27/2009,259,153,10,14,13>LOL, this place is surely a fun place to hang out that is if you are into the loud, fun, friendly, atmosphere w/ plasmas everywhere :) Oh did I mention cute looking men? Yikes!~ The mechanical bull...hmm...A merely 3 bucks to straddle on, wear a glove and hold on for dear life. Jaykay! .In actuality it was the highlight of my night there. Especially when you have a great group of intoxicated friends cheering for you and a friend who video tapes you being silly. bwah ha ha Just love the night life! The staff there are definitely eager to serve and assist you. Everyone was friendly and seem to love their job, if not, they sure fooled me. :) Two thumbs up! Was too full to try the food but everyone else liked what they got. If you are a beer drinker...oh baby you will be in love with the king kong size beers on tab. Talk about good times!Try it out! I am sure you will have a blast and then some....
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2009,5/26/2009,9,8,3,7,4>When my husband and I were in the beginning phase of our wedding planning process, we knew that the cake would have to be one of the items we want to be wowed with.  I first saw Susan Morgan of Elegant Cheesecakes and her work on bridal magazines and wedding cake shows on TV.  I believe she's very well recognized by her peers as one of the best in the industry.  She was even recognized by Martha Stewart Weddings Magazine as the best cake designer in the Bay Area!I was really impressed with having seen her creations, so I already had my eye on her months before I actually had to think about booking a vendor for my cake.  Still, my husband and I wanted to see what else was out there, but we couldn't find anyone else that impressed us more than Susan Morgan did.Susan was a joy to work with!  A very pleasant, cheerful, patient and vibrant lady, who even though is an expert in cake decorating in her own right, was very much willing to listen and accommodate what my husband and I were looking for in our wedding cake.  I could tell that she very much enjoys collaborating with the client in the design process and incorporating their individual style and personality into the cake.  Susan is incredibly creative and professional. In the end, she came up with a gorgeous detailed design which was very much unique to our wedding and to us as a couple.  My husband and I were so excited to see our cake taking center stage at our wedding.And, did I mention her cake flavors?!  They're to die for -- really rich, moist and delicious!  We had an extremely tough time deciding which flavors to choose as they're all good.  She carries an extensive array of traditional cakes, as well as, cheesecake flavors.   My favorite is the white chocolate pistachio cake with pistachio butter cream and orange ganache.  I also love the fact that Susan uses chocolate instead of the traditional fondant to cover and decorate each layer for it tastes so much better.Our wedding guests were raving about how amazingly beautiful and incredibly delicious our cake was.  They're still referring to it now that it has been months later!My husband and I couldn't have been any happier with our choice.  Susan is an extraordinary cake baker and artist!
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2008,5/25/2009,1107,915,22,13,19>So I walked over to Sweet Breams and ordered a 1/2 school of each flavor (vanilla, chocolate, nutella, and azuki) and a FULL school of peanut butter, because I knew my dad would like them. Except he was being an asshole earlier, so why the hell did I want to be nice? Oh yeah, ummm I need money for tonight. ^_^The store was nice and clean, I got to read "11 lies your guy tells you", and "10 things he doesn't tell you", (hmm...pattern?) blah blah blah from the Glamour magazine. It was relatively inexpensive, the girls are adorabley cute and it wasn't that long of a wait. They're actually *really* good, my favourite being the nutella because it just bursts with flavour. I'll be back here, definitely. Less amount of read time though, I'm on a retail therapy binge and the last thing I want is to see things I "need to buy". But I got a free bag that says "Sweet Breams" on it! Free stuff OmG!
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2007,9/14/2008,177,149,5,8,6>In words of that evil empire, "I'm Lovin' it".I was already in great spirits since my friend was getting married.  The website gives a clear and accurate description of what each room includes too.  I was able to check out the top-shelf Honeymoon Suite/#12 and the sad double-spinster room (with 2 twin beds) #1.  I mentioned it was my friend getting hitched, so guess which room was mine :(ANYHOW- each room has a rennovated marble bathroom stocked with those organic Kisss-my-face-soaps.    Everything is spic and span clean.  Soft, soft white towels.  These are the things that make this girl happy.The beds are super-high and comfy.  Great pillows and incredibly soft bedding.  I like that they splurge because the rooms aren't really inexpensive but you definitely get what you pay for.There are wall heaters along the floor for those chilly nights.  However, there was no sign of any A/C.  Granted, Half-Moon-Bay rarely heats up, it's just that it would be great to filter out the noise.5am trash pick-up on Saturdays.Sucky-moto!!!The romantic suites are top notch.  #12 had a living room, a bedroom and a kitchen and dining room including a deck.  The kitchen had a coffeemaker and a regular sized fridge.  OHHHH...ILLY COFFEE.  YUM!!!I would come back.This place was beautiful.However, next time..it's for a king size room w/the apple of my eye.  The twin bed thing sucked.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2008,9/13/2008,493,361,2,10,11>Driving back from Montara I was on the one headed back to the city and came across this bright orange rail car.  On the front it had a giant gorilla peering right at me as I approached heading northbound.  I saw the BBQ words on the side, and was extremely hungry after a six hour surf session.  I pulled up and around the corner is a small lot, it was about 3:00 pm but the wafting aroma of miscellaneous meats roasting and basting made my stomach growl and my mouth start to salivate, even before I made it into the shop to order.I had the 2 meat combo, it was 15 bucks, it sounds like alot for lunch, but I've paid that for lunch before and left less satisfied.  There is a hell of alot of food, and its good.  That's all that matters in the end.  I choose the Pork ribs and Beef brisket, it included rice and beans, cornbread, 2 sides I had the coleslaw and mac & cheese and a slice of watermelon.  It is alot of food, you could honestly share this amount of food... please note I said "could."  One taste of these meats and you'll be telling that special someone that your eating with that she/he should get their own.  The pork rib was good, moist, meaty and came right off the bone.  I have to say the beef brisket was so good, tender, yet fell apart with each bite, and had the perfect amount of fat on it to provide some moisture and tenderness to the meat.  Even as I write this I crave one more bite of that delectable piece of meat.The sauce is fantastic, what I like about it is that it assaults the taste buds from multiple directions, the fruity sweetness, peppery zing, puckering vinegar sourness, and carried a good heat.  It was absolutely delicious, so much so one of my dining companions actually didn't want to waste the sauce that he proceeded to drink the last couple drops from his Styrofoam cup.  The slaw was also crisp and flavorful, I did not taste like watered down mayonnaise.  It was tasty as well, I think there may have been a hint of fresh grated horseradish to give it a little bite.  The mac & cheese was good, ill probably try a different side next time!  The rice and beans were OK as well, so just pour a little bbq sauce and it tasted so much better!  That sauce is like a drug or drunk munchies, I am pretty damn sure you could make just about anything taste good with that amazing sauce!  There are a few picnic tables on a little hill to eat at, of course you could always take it down to one of the local beaches and eat it with sand between your toes....  Not a tough choice for me...
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2008,9/12/2008,738,753,8,10,10>SFO...its changed so much since when I was a wee child.I remember when the China Airlines ticket counter was at terminal 2..Or when I could just look through the glass to the lower level where passengers arrived had to go through customs. From there my cousins and I would wave to our grandparents..while they smile and wave back~Then SFO went through a change..an expansion..and a pretty good one I have to say. All the international flights were moved to the front of the airport and domestic in the back. You didnt get to see your relatives till they were completely finished with customs and walked through the doors of the Arrival area but I guess it just made the wait of seeing your loved ones or friends much more suspenseful~I love the layout of the airport with food courts on both ends of the international terminal right before security and the check-in counters in between. They have little MSNBC shops and a small aviation museum too. Also the duty free stores were fun to shop through and made me quite happy with the fact that cigarrettes were much cheaper..This airport is by far the best Ive been to...tops off the mess at LAX and LAS..and its always clean. Yup this place is number one in my book. And to top it off I used to work here for China Airlines...the best 3 working years of my life..everyday getting to see/meet different people and getting to see airplanes landing and taking off...watching the sun rise from that bagroom on that day when we had the delay was nice..i lub SFO
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/21/2008,9/11/2008,47,323,3,5,4>I suspect that this is one of those places that you have to be indoctrinated into, you know? Someone needs to warn you that their sandwiches are unique. Please allow me to do this for you.They are basically a deli. It used to be more of a supermarket, but people only ever got sandwiches there, so they remodeled and now are mainly a deli, with some nice chocolates and chips and sodas to choose from.They have a wide array of meats and cheeses. Very impressive.So what is unusual? The sandwiches are like a Big Mac! They have a piece of bread in the middle of the sandwich. And everything comes with their "sauce", which is yellow mustard and mayo mixed together. If you are not a mustard fan, explain this to them. I don't think I saw plain mayo as an option, but it simply must be. I did a lot of dissecting of the sandwich in my car, and ultimately threw it out, since I don't care for mustard with what I ordered.I do, however, recognize that for the mustard and bread lovers out there, and for the high school students that want food quickly and in large portions, this place is just great. The portions are big, the sandwiches, while not cheap, are not too overpriced, and the sandwich makers were super nice. There. Now you know. Cure the munchies at your own bread-chomping risk.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2008,9/10/2008,14,50,5,3,3>Harmony is simply the best authentic frozen yogurt I've ever had. Its not a pinkberry 'rip off'In fact, screw Pinkberry. Pinkberry was created in a lab.The ingredients in it are not natural,or organic in any way. Pink Berry's sugar source comes from fructose and maltodextrin, they are both laboratory produced ingredients extracted from corn syrup. Pinkberry also has five additives defined by the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization as 'emulsifiers' (propylene glycol esters, lactoglycerides, sodium acid pyrophosphate, mono- and diglycerides).What the hell does that even mean? PINKBERRY IS ALL LIES!Harmony is fresh and natural. Its low in calories and best of all its made in a kitchen, not in a test tube. Its sweet,tart,pure and only additive because it tastes so good!
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2008,9/9/2008,61,218,6,6,6>Wow where have I seriously been.  The years that I've been driving past this place thinking "maybe I should try the advertised "best burrito" for consecutive years" had come to an end -- yesterday.  I park on the very edge of the front lot almost touching the sidewalk.  I was afraid that someone would actually hit my car trying to get into the darn parking lot.  This place is very popular.  When I got to the entrance, there was a line ready to order and a line ready to pick up food.  There was a cashier already taking orders from those that are standing in line -- he is very patient and very nice :DI go ahead and order the food and wait for it.  I wait about another 5 minutes or so to actually get my food and I walk out.  Total order and pick up time = mas o menos 10 minutos man.  I drive 20 minutes to get to work totally desperate to take a bite out of my carne asada regular burrito (I should've gotten the Super burrito because I ordered sour cream and guac on the side...grumble...next time!).  Once I get to my office, I tear open the foil, slather on some guac, sour cream, and salsa that they give you and take a hearty bite -- it is actually a very satisfying bite!  I don't know what it is...usually I could taste all the different ingredients to a burrito.  Like *chew* oh yeah that's pepper on the beef *chew* there's the beans *chew* yup and cilantro, *chew* etc.  But this was more of a good-mix burrito -- it's because the beef was deliciously marinated...mmm~  marinated beef.I am definitely a fan of this place!  I apologize for choosing Taco Bell over you, but I'm learning the art of quality over quantity.  I'm going to go back and get the tacos and super burrito.  The only downsides:  Not much room to sit.  If any of my friends see this yelp, I'd be happy to go with you :D
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2008,9/8/2008,2,1,10,4,8>I used iFly to have the best Xmas shopping experience ever. Normally I would wander around downtown for hours like an idiot, only to eventually settle for the proverbial sweater/tie/set of plates from Crate and Barrel, but this year a rare flash of genius struck me: why give my  whole family a trip to iFly for Christmas? Not only is it a much more original gift than a sweater, but it would also allow the whole family to bond and hang out over the holidays. Incidentally it also allowed me to get all of my shopping done in three minutes from my couch. Booyah. Feel free to use that one next year.I'm not sure if it's an ironic twist or a shameful pun, but despite the fact that iFly simulates skydiving with a giant jet turbine, I'm not its biggest fan. I'm 6'3 and 185lbs, and stick-figures lack the air-resistance to float. I hovered about two feet off of the ground while the instructor (lame part: the instructors hold onto to you most of the time) desperately tried to make it look like I was having a good time. He tried to spin me around but given that with my arms stretched out I am about equal to the diameter of the chamber this amounted to him slamming me into the walls a bunch of times, much to the amusement of the big crowd of people watching. Oh, and I had a terrible cold at the time, and the force of the air coming from the turbine liquefied the mucus in my sinuses, causing a long rope of snot to stream from my nose like a windsock for my entire session. Luckily we bought a DVD and now I am able to enjoy that moment as much as everybody else did when it was happening.I still give this place 4 stars because the rest of my family had such an amazing time. My dad's seventy-seven and has Parkinson's and watching him smile ear to ear while he flew around made it worth every penny. My mom, sister and stepdad loved it too, although they may have still been riding the wave of mirth inspired by my flailing, snot-enhanced performance. In the end everyone said it was the coolest Xmas present ever and we even topped it off with a trip to Applebees, where I learned that America is eating buffalo wing salads and bacon can be totally transparent.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2008,9/7/2008,331,264,8,12,12>If you talk to me about food that sounds delicious, I will have to eat it right away or at least in the super near future. This past weekend, as I was in yet another conversation pertaining to food, a Filipino girlfriend mentioned that I had to try the oxtail w/ peanut butter sauce. I asked no questions, and obeyed. Then my yelp stomach led me to Kuya's. We ordered the following: Tapsilog (thin slices of beef w/ garlic rice and fried eggs) - Mmm...I love places that serve breakfast all day! Definite brownie points for thatPork Sinigang (pork tamarind soup w/ vegetables) - This was a nice hearty soup that was perfectly seasonedKare Kare (oxtail w/ peanut butter) - You can't even tell that this sauce is made from peanut butter until you taste it, and even then it's very light. The oxtail was tender and the sauce itself is very simple, so the shrimp paste that they normally eat with this dish comes in handyPrices are reasonable, ambiance is very homey, great for families, the servers are kind, and our food came out promptly. My only complaint came at the end when it took a bit of a wait to get our check, but I guess they were running on Asian time. At any rate, this place will definitely be added to my rotation list.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/26/2008,9/6/2008,484,952,7,9,8>I've passed by Jimenez scores of times now since it has taken over from "El Burro Crazy," the previous business here.  I was in need of a quick burrito today so I paid them an impromptu visit on my way home for lunch.Small, hole-in-the-wall atmosphere: CHECKLow prices: CHECKLocal hispanic clientele eating within: CHECKI was very tempted by the 3 taco plate for $5 but I needed to be more mobile, and so I ordered the regular chicken burrito for just over $5.  The cashier couldn't make change for my 20 note (really?) so i had to scramble for loose ones and coins. Turns out I barely had enough. Then I waited. Five minutes later the confused cook came over to ask me what I had ordered. (how hard could it be?) I told him, and he began to cook the raw meat on the grill.  I waited some more. I noticed they had some chips and salsa on the side.  Chips weren't fresh-made like I am used to, but store-bought out of a bag. Salsa was used up. No thanks. I waited some more.In the end I got my burrito. It was tasty, but it took twenty minutes.  And stale, store-bought tortilla chips aren't my bag.The search for a great taqueria in RWC continues. (though I might have to come back for the $5 three-taco plate).
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2008,9/5/2008,181,150,12,17,15>Honestly the best piece of meat I've ever made at home.  I remember my dad buying Fred's blackened steaks since I was young and now I make a special trip to Palo Alto just for the meat.  Last time I was in here, a Japanese businessman was on his way out.  The guy behind the counter told me that he comes to the States on business 2 times a year and always comes to Schaub's and has a 6 month supply of Fred's Steaks packed in dry ice and shipped to Japan.  They're *that* good.  Consistent service, consistently amazing meat.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/4/2011,3/22/2011,819,198,12,11,12>Crowded Friday afternoon!Took a while until someone took our order.  Took about 30 minutes until the food came?  Ordered All Meat Pizza in Small size. And shrimp salad in Half size.  Half size is HUGE.  I can't imagine what the WHOLE size would look like.  3 people.One slice of pizza as leftovers.SO MUCH MEAT!! It was a tad bit too salty.  BUT I absolutely love the pizza crust here.  Crispy on the outside and soft inside.  Delicious.For some reason the boyfriend left the crust on his plate. And of course, i took it and finished it :)
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2010,3/21/2011,76,236,4,7,6>I was really happy to come across this friendly Turkish-owned restaurant that serves a variety of Middle Eastern dishes as well as Turkish.A lovely open and airy restaurant with a choice of booths or tables and some outdoor seating was comfortable and inviting and the staff were welcoming and friendly with attentive service throughout.We ordered the mixed mezze platter to share and left the pleasant gent who served us to choose two other dishes. He asked a few questions and brought us perfect choices.The food was simple, beautifully cooked and the spicing was perfect. It tasted like food that had been made with love and, given my love affair with Laurel Street, I will undoubtedly become a regular customer.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2010,3/20/2011,3171,1316,17,21,21>**GOOD JAPANESE CURRY IN LOS ALTOS**Los Altos has a few good dining lunch options in its downtown area and this place is one of them.We were able to get a table at 11:45AM on a Friday afternoon, beating the main lunch crowd just slightly.I ordered the following:- Agedashi Tofu - Acutally pretty good. There were 8 good pieces of tofu with a nice broth. Good texture; it wasn't falling apart and firm enough. Recommend.- Miso Soup - Miso soup was miso soup. Nothing great; could have skipped easily.- California Roll - Tasted fresh. I liked.- Chicken Curry (Spicy) - Curry was thick in texture and the spices were very good. Spicy wasn't spicy enough for me, but it had flair. Would recommend getting it EXTRA SPICY next time.-  Green Tea Ice Cream - Creamy and good. Ideal pallette cleanser after a good meal.MUSTS:Chicken curry (spicy) and agedashi tofusSKIPS:Miso soupsRECOMMEND.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2010,3/19/2011,905,867,7,20,11>After visiting my brother on the East Coast and being exposed to lobster everywhere ($9.99 steamed whole lobster dinners, lobster rolls everywhere, lobster bisque, etc.), I consider myself a bit more educated about the fantastic lobster roll than I was when I first reviewed this place 3 years ago.  First off, Old Port Lobster Shack is the real deal.  Their rolls are top notch and they've got nice, crunchy toasted bread rolls that make me reminisce about the many great rolls I had in Boston.  Their lobster meat is plentiful and the meat is fairly succulent and fresh.  In all, whether you order the traditional "Maine" roll, dressed with mayo, salt, pepper, and lemon, or choose to go "Naked," served with mayo and drawn butter on the side, you really can't go wrong.  I highly recommend ordering the Double Play to get two rolls at a more reasonable price.  Speaking of prices, I've heard many people complain that the lobster rolls are too expensive here.  At $18.75, they definitely aren't cheap and it's an indulgence the rare times I do make it here.  But I will say hogwash to those who say lobster rolls are soooo much cheaper in Maine (ie: $8-10).  1) I will say that I never saw lobster rolls in Boston at prices below $9.99  2) for these "bargain priced rolls," usually seen at tourist spots like Faneuil Hall, were ALWAYS overly mayonnaized concoctions of lobster that looked less like lobster meat than a lobster slaw with lots of filler ingredients.  That being said, the best lobster roll that I've ever had was in Boston.  It was at Neptune Oyster and their lobster rolls are renowned.  The main difference between their lobster roll was that compared to Old Port, the lobster meat chunks were EVEN larger and seemed to have been from the best parts of the lobster (ie: predominantly all claw meat).  [see my Neptune Oyster, Boston pic if you don't believe] But guess what the price was??  $26.  I'd definitely order it again, but it does put some perspective on lobster roll prices and makes Old Port seem like a relative bargain (especially that Double Play).That being said, I'm glad to have Old Port Lobster Shack.  It brings that East Coast seafood vibe to us California folks and they've done a fantastic job of expanding their menu recently.  Besides lobster rolls (and steamed lobster), they now have pasta dishes, bbq dishes, an assortment of sandwiches, and many more beers (including Chimay) on tap.  Overall, I'm still happy to call myself a fan.  Old Port Lobster Shack takes credit cards, including American Express.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2011,3/17/2011,148,223,6,7,7>Three levels ...nice and clean feeling.. Everything very organized..One thing to know is that the elevators are freaking slow here...you can wait a good 5 mins waiting... Haha I even had a good conversation with two other people riding the elevator about how slow it is.. Just doesn't add up for the new building to have a very slow elevator..Plenty of seating to sit on all levels...Garage parking that takes you directly up to the library3rd level there is a cafe...food n books!
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/24/2011,3/16/2011,47,721,3,4,5>Called ahead and asked if we could put our name on the list and the lady who answered said sure. When we got there we didn't see our name on the list but there was seating available at the sushi bar so we nabbed it and flipped through the menu.We asked the waitress what the most popular items were and she suggested Champon which we thought was just okay, the Buta Kakuni which was really tender and light and the Ika Sugata which was one of the best I've ever had. The Ika Sugata was tender, not too charred like many places so it didn't taste burnt. I could tell why it's so popular! We also ordered the takoyaki and it was delicious. Still piping hot inside, mushy and perfectly fried. We also ordered a beef tartare which was really good. The dressing lightly poured on top was the perfect compliment. A little zesty from the ginger but still light enough to not take away from the beef. We rounded our meal with a bottle of Nigori sake. It was smooth, sweet and milky yet reminded me of a Chinese dessert of fermented glutinous rice soup. One of my favorite Chinese desserts so you can understand why I enjoyed this sake so much.This place has tons of charm. Photos of diners plaster the walls as well as Christmas decorations and a small choo choo train that makes its way around the restaurant (look up and you'll see the tracks).My boyfriend really wanted to try this place after reading rave reviews on yelp so we both had higher expectations. I feel like if I didn't have a favorite izakaya place in the South Bay I would give Izakaya Mai 4 stars.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2011,3/15/2011,637,255,22,12,11>I love me some dim sum in the form of potstickers, pork buns and dumplings, especially when I'm at a bar around lunch time trying to cure my hangover with some mimosas. Cho's is close to the Nuthouse and the two together equal a good start to a lazy Saturday.There's a problem though. I'm scared of Mr. Cho. Every time I think about picking up the phone to put in an order or to walk over to his little hole-in-the-wall filled with freezers and card boxes, I stop dead in my tracks and wince. Mr. Cho is mean! He needs to understand that I don't like being yelled at, especially not when my brain is pounding against my skull and all I want is greasy carbs. Oh Mr. Cho, why can't you just tell me that you're out of potstickers for the day instead of yelling "NO POTSTICKERS! PICK SOMETHING ELSE!". And is it so hard to say it'll be a few minutes until the food is ready in a nice manner? "GO NOW! COME BACK - 20 MINUTES!" is what I get to hear after finally picking something that is in stock. Mr. Cho is a one-of-a-kind creature that we are all grateful to have in our lives. He feeds us and is sure to provide us with a fun story every time we go to visit him in his little messy nook. Enter the dragon lair with caution and don't expect anything besides "WHAT DO YOU WANT?!?!?!" You see, to Mr. Cho, we are an inconvenience, a disturbance in his peaceful habitat of old cardboard and greasy fryers.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2011,3/14/2011,1324,243,16,17,12>Omg!   Now this is a place that is literally hidden away.  And I do mean hidden away.  It is one of those place that has one way in and one way out in a woodsy part of the coast alongside Half Moon Bay.  So you know the roads are narrow.My friends suggested that we go to this place for dinner on a rainy, Sunday night and so we did.  Getting there is half the problem.  The main problem is the limited parking space.  You snooze you lose as they say it.Once we got there, the restaurant has a cabin-like look to it.  The ambience is pretty much care-free.  Really anything goes.  The set-up as a whole is pretty relax and low-key.  It makes for a really good dinner before the beginning of the work week.  As much as I hate to admit it, for some reason that night I wasn't hungry.  And just my luck, the portions are huge.  Fit for a king!  We ordered a couple of appetizers, somekind of wonton and of course....oysters. Yummy!  For our main entrees, I ordered the spareribs and they looked like it came from a baby dinosaur.  They look so delish and to be eaten by little ol me.  My three other eating companions, ordered their pork chops and yes, one of my special yelper friend always goes for the lamb chops.  The food was extremely amazing and large!For our desserts, we shared a bread pudding and some crepes.  They are awesome.  What a way to end the night with good friends and good food.It is one of those place where you least expected and it turns out great.  This is a place.  It is one of those place that are hard to get to but once you do, you thank your lucky stars you did.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2010,3/13/2011,876,750,19,23,27>I came here yesterday to listen to the salubrious sounds that only vast quantities of falling water can make. It had been raining hard for several days, a wet Pacific storm front was passing through, leaving downed trees and tumbled stones in its wake. The wind was still raging at dawn, rattling windows and bending branches just beyond our bedroom walls. Fog was dripping persistently from the trees, punctuated by periodic waves of heavy rain.Perfect Purisima weather, in other words. It's a gigantic redwood canyon, after all, and is made to channel water through its many gulches and gorges, which are often dry for most of the year in eager anticipation of days like this. The forest was cleansing itself, washing away the accumulated dirt and dead branches of a long dry summer, scouring the hills, ridges, and valleys with cool moisture. It was feeding itself, too, as the rains coming in off the ocean carry with it naturally-occurring minerals like nitrogen and phosphorous, some from as far away as the Gobi desert on the other side of the world. It was a sylvan ablution and fertility ritual not to be missed. So, I loaded up on homemade scones, drank multiple cups of hot tea, packed a few basics for the trail, kissed my breakfast companion goodbye, and quietly disappeared into the morning mist. The sounds and sights were startling, even for someone who had hiked these trails many times before. Parts of the forest I had never really paid attention to were alive with music and motion. Water splattered against my face. It rushed down steep inclines and collided with rocks and tree trunks down below. When all this water reached Purisima Creek, it formed itself into cacophonous foaming brown torrents that rushed past the preserve boundaries en route to an unseen beach waterfall where it would disperse into a vast sea of saline. Even after the falling rain finally stopped its mad rush to earth, millions of thick droplets continued to descend from the redwood canopy, landing rat a tat tat on the surface of wet leaves and pooling into temporary basins of clear water. It soaked deeply into muddy trails and caused a profusion of mushrooms to pop out of the spongy surrounding wet ground. It was like an improvised jazz concert that lasted for hours: the hydrogen twins played riotous melodies while oxygen laid down a steady beat. From time to time, the swaying trees and rushing wind took center stage with stunning solos of raw power, eloquent elegance, and unexpected fantasy. Anyone who says that live music is overrrated has never attended a forest concert in the rain before. To my ear, at least, it's a music like no other. Admission is free, but there aren't any seats to be found. Around these parts, it's hiking room only.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2010,3/12/2011,58,87,4,10,4>Like going on a blind date and managing your career, trying out a new restaurant and being able to leave happy is all about managing expectations.   So perhaps I can help set the expectation for Bushido for fellow yelpers. What this is: Chic, trendy, fushion restaurant serving Japanese-food inspired dishes.  This is kinda like Xahn a few doors down without the clubbing music.  It is a more laid-back version with chill-out Jazz.What this isn't:  Classic Japanese izakaya where you see loads of Japanese businessmen downing sake while inhaling the sweet aromas of yakitoris. Bottomline:  Would go back - esp. good for small gathering of friends, sharing of dishes, just one of those chill-out dinners.  Good for first dates - where you can start with a drink and appetizer at the bar and if you like who you are with, can continue on to dinner.  Food quality (while not authentically Japanese) is good, service is awesome. Here are the breakdown of the ratings - we had:(1) Okonomiyaki -- 4 stars - people have mentioned this is not like the ones they had in Japan.  I agree but again, this is not meant to be an Osaka-equivalent okonomiyaki place.  Good interpretation of this Kansai dish - I liked the appetizer sized dish with good okonomiyaki flavor pan fried to crunchy yumminess.(2) Grilled chicken gizzard - 5 stars - actually tasted very authentic - good flavors and grilled just right.(3) Tsukune - 2 stars - the best tsukune in this area is probably Sumika but the Bushido version was very sub-par even compared to what is served from supermarket lunch boxes.  It was fairly dry and a bit too salty.(4) Ma-Po Ramen - 4 stars - good ramen, noodle was great and the ma-po soup was creative.  Would definitely recommend this.  (Definitely better than Maru-ichi ramen)(5) Warm scallop salad -- 3 stars -- this is not a Japanese dish I don't think but none the less, the dressing was warm, creamy and tasty without being greasy.  The scallops were a bit bland though - a good attempt at a seafood salad.(6) Omelette rice - 4 stars - well done.  Then again, hard to mess up on something like Omelette rice :) (7) Services -4.5 stars - the entire staff was friendly and responsive.  They are wholesome and 'mom-would-approve' version of the trendy staff that you'd find at any of these chic restaurants - and none of the attitude and hoochiness (which is typically a requirement if you want to be a wait staff at these trendy restaurants)
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2008,1/10/2009,97,506,6,8,8>Outstanding.  I'm no fan of pastrami, really, so I can't speak to whether theirs is any good, really.  My hubby got a pastrami sandwich, though, and he really liked it. I tasted it, and it was definitely better than the other pastramis I've tried, but I still wasn't wild about it. Too much carraway seed flavor. Now, onto the rest of the review:We started with a 5-item charcuterie plate, with brie, St Andre, proscuitto, duck rillette and dry salame and it was beyond tasty. We made a multitude of MMM noises while eating it.  All delicious, and it came with cornichons, hazelnuts, really meaty olives, and toasted bread. As I mentioned, hubby had a pastrami, but I had the Cobb Salad. It was much different in presentation than what you usually see(and believe me, I've eaten countless Cobb salads); it came pre-dressed/tossed like a caesar.  It was also dressed with a vinaigrette rather than Blue Cheese, but it was still really well-built, with quality ingredients. Beers we drank: Houblon Chouffe, N'Ice Chouffe, and Delerium Tremens.  I've had all these beers before at places like La Trappe, but never on tap. Fantastic. My only complaint is that they were out of like 3 of the beers on the tap list, and of course one of them was the one hubby wanted. An excellent, decadent supper for a Christmas Eve, a nice treat after running around doing last-minute shopping.  I wish I'd been more hungry so I could have tried more. I will definitely go back to try the patty melt (a guilty pleasure food for me).  By the way, they are closed from 12/25 through 1/5, so we'll have to wait til the after the holidays, which is a shame, as it's a great place to go during off-days.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2008,1/9/2009,287,1493,8,12,10>I am so hearting this place.  I am not a granola person but my friends are...so when they want me to pick something up for them and ship it to them in Belize, this place isn't going to break my bank like Whole Foods or Elephant Pharmacy(closed now).Loved you can park in the back lot enter from the rear.  Their monthly sales were decent.  I hit a 2 for 1 sale on Traditional Medicinals boxed teas.  Instead of spending $20 on 4 boxes of teas, I spent $10.  Bulk is in the back of the store.  Their bulk is so much cheaper then WF....quinoa a lb $3 instead of $6, yeast flakes, $9 instead of $15 a lb. They also had bulk, gallon shampoos near the supplements area by Giovanni, soaps by Dr. Bronners, lotions by Alba.  I didn't see a listing how much the bulk was compared to the already bottled products.Sure, not as much as a selection of Whole Foods but less in prices.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2008,1/7/2009,510,406,20,20,17>There are 2 things I usually think of as good signs when I walk into an Indian restaurant:1 - Little or no atmosphere, sometimes accompanied by lawn furniture.2 - Lots and lots of Indian people.This place has both...so the food is bound to be good.  The rasam and crunchies at the beginning were a lot of fun...and the rasam was really good.  My masala dosa was excellent...the coconut and mint chutneys were excellent...and the dal based substance that my husband and I spent the meal debating about whether or not was sambar was good.My husband ordered the Veechu Paratha.  The paratha was good, but the korma was weird.  It tasted like Lawry's salt.I'd probably bump it down a star for the weird korma, but the other times I've been there everything was great.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2008,1/6/2009,375,796,6,10,9>Ever since I moved to the area and noticed Piazza's, I had always wanted to stop in. Today was my lucky day, and I found that I might assign the nickname of "whole foods light," as they feature many items that Whole Foods carries as well and not the local Safeways. However, like their "whole paychecks" cousin, you can easily find some deals here if you look carefully. For instance, instead of having to buy the $5 and above pasta sauces, I found one line of sauces at $2.99. And sometimes they have promos on particular products, such as the Amy's brand of frozen entrees--in this case, it was their veggie korma. Oh, and bring your own reusable bag, because like many stores, you get a small rebate off your total bill as a bag credit.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2008,1/4/2009,129,178,2,6,5>Love it when I wake up to go to breakfast.I have been here a few times now and it has been excellent everytime.Tried Jaspers for a sweet treat and one with Eggplant.  The greek fetish omelette was a little over the top rich for me w/ feta and sundried tomatoes, luckily it was my honeyb's and not mine.  I stick to the crepes.Yesterday: "The buenos" was absolutely perfect, bacon ,eggs, tomatoes and I added avocado W/  a big double mocha; I love that they have an espresso bar here too. the only cons, potatoes can be too salty and gets pretty expensive easily.Still my favorite breakfast joint in the area though.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2008,1/3/2009,403,410,8,13,9>On my day off, I decided to treat myself and have some Tea Time for lunch!I ordered the Londoner (a pot of your tea of choice and an English crumpet) and a mushroom spinach swiss quiche.  Total was about $16.They have over 50 different teas to choose from (much more variety than Lisa's Tea Treasures) I decided to get Jasmine tea since it's my favorite.Atmosphere overall is very clean, quaint and cute (but not overly cute so guys won't feel uncomfortable here).  The teapot you get comes in a cozy to keep it warm throughout your tea time.The crumpet was delicious as usual!  Very soft yet toasted on the bottom, topped with butter and jam.  If you've never had a crumpet, it's somewhat of a mix between an English muffin and a pancake.The quiche was lovely!  It came on a bed of mixed greens and you can tell it is freshly made because it is very tasty.  The round was maybe 6 inches in diameter which was perfect.  I will definitely be getting this again.Like most Afternoon Tea joints, there is a variety of sandwiches, salads, and appetizer selections.  What's unique here is you can get bbq pork buns and other select dim sum.  I've never had the dim sum plates here, but I'm sure they're tasty because everything else is!Free Wifi so it's tech friendly - their password is their phone number w/o spaces or dashes.If you're ever in the mood for afternoon tea (and can't stand super cutesyness like Lisa's Tea Treasures... or the prices there), give this place a try!
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2008,1/2/2009,117,342,8,11,8>Special, fun, and reasonable. All Italiano waiters, all the time and the staff were more than accommodating. Props to Fabio!If your parents are there and they speak Italian: free stuff (well maybe it has to be your birthday too).The truffle gnocchi in light cream sauce which the three of us split as a starter were light as pillows and really good. One of the parents noted that one or two were chewy. Sheez - I found it totally forgivable because it still went down easy and had a lot of lucious potato flavor, and I'd rather have a few chewy ones than overcooked mush. And let's face it - truffle cream sauce, people. I'd eat an old shoe if it was in truffle cream sauce.  I also enjoyed the Bistecca Florentine, a rib eye cooked to medium rare perfection and covered in mushrooms. Tender, flavorful, and delish. They also have a nice dessert menu with lots of classic Italian ports. If you like Tiramisu, give it a try.Based on how crowded this place was, downtown San Mateo doesn't seem to be feeling much of an economic pinch.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2008,1/1/2009,130,243,6,11,11>If you are not Taiwanese, have not been to Taiwan, or do not have any Taiwanese friends or relatives, this place might just scare you.   If you have, this place rocks.Cutting to the chase:  the spicy wontons are delicious and flaming hot.  The jiaozi are excellent.  The za jia mien is worth the wait.  And the xiao long bao is great (not quite the same as Din Tai Fung (yelp.com/biz/din-tai-fun), but really good).What does this mean if you do not know what I am talking about?  Well, it is the kind of place worth going on a food adventure and enjoying tastes and textures you cannot find in your local cupcakery.  Highly recommended.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2008,12/31/2008,853,724,9,9,7>My girlfriends and I came here for the Girls' Night Out - the first Wednesday of every month.  We had a great time, minus the super loud table(s) behind us.  This was clearly one of those moments when you wished you had a mute button or volume control - they were over the top (replete with squeals, shouting, etc.)!  We didn't get peace and quiet until about dessert time.I loved the spinach artichoke fondue - yum!  We chose that over the cheddar cheese fondue.  I also had the garden salad which I enjoyed.  Our only complaint is that during the main entree course, the court bouillon got way too salty/spicy as it boiled down.  Everything started to tingle on my lips.  Had we still been hungry, I think we would have asked them to add more broth (unsalted) or even water to the pot.  However, we were stuffed.I really enjoyed the bananas foster fondue although we didn't have room to finish all the tasty treats.  Really fun way to do a girls' night out.  Highly recommended!  ($30 + tax & tip.)
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2008,12/30/2008,160,222,6,7,8>This place offers massive, juicy, thick... gyros(sorry girls). My colleagues and I used to frequent this place - till all the lunch-going gangsters, I mean youngsters, left the company. The lamb and beef gyro may not be the best ever, but it makes a completely empty stomach very, very happy for at least 7 hours.  For $9+, it's not cheap, but definitely worth it. They have a variety of other Mediterranean food too, but I haven't tried most of them. They look pretty good though.There are few tables inside and outside the cafe, and ones inside are right in the middle of a lot of foot traffic. Not an environment conducive to conversation, hence the 4-star rating.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2008,8/4/2008,6,79,2,4,3>Wow, a new trendy place that doesn't suck!!!!  I've always loved the brazilian steakhouse concept, but only ate at one, and it was terrible.  But, something moved me to give Pampas a try--ok, well, that something was all you can eat meat.For a brand new restaurant, this place was super smooth.  The atmosphere was very classy (not like a dumpy all you can eat dive), the staff very nice and the experience efficient. We were there barely over an hour, and ate a ton and never felt rushed, nor like we were waiting.The salad bar is extremely good, with it's share of misses.  I thought the mashed potatoes were rude, but the black beans and mushrooms, mixed together, now that was heaven.  Lots of nice veggies and really just more food than I could comprehend.  Some items were a little "buffet-ey" you know,  a bit wilted, a little meh, but largely it was great.  The meats were all good, and I liked the beef items over the others, but that's me.  The leg of lamb was a bit dry, but so what.  The pork and pineapple was surprisingly good.Servers were by quite often and I think virtually everything on the menu came by.  Also, servers asked if we wanted something new and would respond to prompts for it right away.  We drafted off a table of people next to us who were not shy in asking, and things just kept coming and coming....think the secret is to not be shy.I guess one suggestion I'd make to dinners is don't bring a veggie here--salad bar is fine but it's all about the meat.  To that end, eating red meat is also a requirement for real enjoyment.
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2008,8/2/2008,3620,1853,9,17,12>There are basically 2 types of French Restaurants in America for dinner.  (This is simplistic to say the least, but it is my review!) First: The "Haute" high end French restaurant. This type of place has the required snobbery appeal and air about it. A lot of elaborate sounding reduction sauces and dishes. Classical sophisticated food from Cordon Bleu type trained Chefs. You go here because either you:1. Truly enjoy great food and wine and can afford it. To do this regularly, you were either     A.  Born with a silver spoon     B.  You've got an unlimited expense account selling financial services to pro athletes, or      C. You are a self made somebody who wants to distance yourself from your riff raff beginnings, or     D. You are a kept woman/male gigolo and you're not paying OR2. You are curious about being a connosieur or you want to know about what is a commonsewer and     A. You are in High School, living at home in a cushy middle class neighborhood, and your parents want you to have  fabulous Prom date by paying for a great dinner instead of a hotel room and limo     B.You are 20 something and want to raise your bragging rights game over your peers, by dropping the Chi Chi  French place to make your friends ohh and ahh (but really, to get them jealous)     C. You are a 30 something couple without kids or a mortgage wanting to keep up the appearances of your refined tastes     D. You want to live large one night, charge it, and hope you can pay it off over the next 12 monthsSecond: The other type of French Restaurant is the Bistro, a casual kind of place with good, heartier and more simple foods in larger portions. The food is more like what the French eat daily. I guess the Italian equivalent would be the Trattoria. Cafe Brioche is the second type of French Restaurant. So if you wanted the first type, go across the street. Cafe Brioche is a small cozy place on the wonderful California Street restaurant row in Palo Alto. Not a lot of tourists, or crazy college kids getting drunk (like on University Ave), but just neighborhood type people who know good food at a good price with good service. It has been here for decades for a reason. We had the fried Calamari appetizer ($10.25) which came on a large plate, enough for 3 - 4 people to have a taste. It was served with a slightly spicy dipping sauce. The squid was crispy and just right, and the sauce was very good. Also tried the Smoked Salmon ($10), which was about 4 or 5 long slices of salmon on a good size plate covering a pancake of fried hash brown potatoes and served with a nice aioli dip. Very generous portions for appetizers in French restaurant. The mains were New York Steak ($20.50), served with a really nice Port wine sauce and serve with half a plate of French Fries, and Filet Mignon ($24.25) encrusted with real horseradish shavings and served with italian vegetables and mashed potatoes. A glass of California Rutherford Merlot ($6.50) and a French Rasteau Cote Du Rhone ($7.50) complmented the steaks. There are a lot of good dishes to try here, including dessert, but we were full and needed a doggy bag! You might go for their Fritters, or lamb shank, or many others. They have a couple of vegetarian dishes, too. The appetizers are all about $10 or less, the entrees in the $20 range, and the glasses of wine in the $7 - $8 range. Combine the nice coziness, French management, hearty good food in decent portions and prices, and the relaxed clientel, this is a great choice for Lunch, Dinner or Brunch.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2008,7/31/2008,481,1032,10,12,10>If you find yourself at Gyro Gyro someday, get anything with CHICKEN.  Why 5 stars - I went here with a large group for an 11:30 Saturday lunch and they were so nice.  First, they helped us secure a few tables and put them together with no problem.  Then, we all ordered individually and paid at the counter (which is great for a group because then you don't have to figure out what you owe at the end of a meal) but still, our food came out back-to-back in great time.  Everything was good enough but the chicken wraps or plates that I tried were great.Here's the best part... my friend has an apartment right above Gyro Gyro and was gonna store our cake in his fridge while we walked around but it wouldn't fit!  Just by chance, I ask if they would store it for us and they DID!!  Wow, that saved me so much headache and rushing around to the next closest friends apartment.  5 stars!See ya there. :)
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2008,7/30/2008,3,10,11,4,5>Truth be told, I've never taken a Bar Method class.  In fact, I'm not certain I can even get into the positions necessary to start the exercises.  My wife, however, is among the Bar Method devotees.  Having seen more than a few reviews complaining about the price or, worse, revealing that husbands or boyfriends have griped about the monthly cost, I had to speak up.  Dudes - get a clue.  How can it not be worth setting aside a couple hundred bucks a month so that your wife/girlfriend/partner can get into truly incredible shape, feel great about herself and become so limber that watching her stretch makes the Kama Sutra look like amateur hour?  Granted, my wife and her friends were pretty smokin' hot before they started taking these classes (the reviewer that remarked about the MILF factor was right on the money), but even for them the transformation has been remarkable.  Rather than stocky, body builder physiques typcial of intense gym workouts, they seem to have developed longer, leaner muscles, not to mention killer abs.  From what I've observed, the classes incorporate some of the principles of high-intensity interval training with the body control and core-strengthening exercises of pilates and yoga.  Plus it seems to be fun and slightly "evil" (in a good way) in that the students are really pushed to stay in form and get the most out of the positions and exercises.  Hot, hot, hot.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2008,7/29/2008,263,388,6,9,6>Hurts so Good!!!I'm a firm believer in communication - I don't like to complain after the fact unless I know that I did whatever I could to prevent a negative experience.  This is especially true for a place like this.  I really appreciated communicating with my massage therapist every step of the way.After weeks of having pain in my lower back and extremely tense shoulders and lower neck, I found myself here after someone left a coupon on my desk at work for an introductory $19.99 60-minute reflexology session for new members.  I was immediately sold on the idea!I called in on a Tuesday eve. at about 5:45 p.m. and asked if they had any vacancies:(Receptionist) Sure.  For what time?(me) Um, AS SOON AS POSSIBLE!?(Receptionist) OK, we have an opening at 6:30.Score! (They take walk-ins if they're able, but prefer appts.)It was pretty busy around that time because of the fitness-clad members of the neighboring 24 Hour Fitness Gym, so street parking was challenging.  I opted for the underground garage instead, which had plenty of open spots.  I took the elevator to the 2nd floor, and approached the front counter. Yes, they encourage you to become a "member" which basically just means buying sessions in bulk for a discounted price - they have great rates but I just wasn't willing to commit.  They ask you how much pressure you'd like for your session - Medium?  Deep Tissue? Deep Tissue for sure!  They also asked if I wanted them to focus the massage on specific areas.  I didn't  have to pay yet but was given a receipt with a number on it.  I waited in the lobby which was pretty clean and open.  Smooth lines with just-dim-enough lighting.  I have to say, I was immediately relaxed.  The ginormous flat panel screen in the waiting area didn't belong - it was really distracting for me, but... my mind and body had already escaped so it really didn't kill my mood (there was also no sound from the tv).  A few minutes later, Victoria came out dressed all in white, and called my number.  I followed her to the space beside the front office, and behind some dark brown draped curtain dividers.  Ahhhh.  I sat  in my chair (# F1 - how apropos!) and e x h a l e d...I remember some moving images projected onto a large wall, with no volume, relaxing music and about three rows of super comfy recliners.  Lighting was perfect and I just melted away under Victoria's Bionic fingers.  About two times, I'd felt as if maybe I just wouldn't be able to handle one more second of the pressure, but I would just stay mindful of my breathing and would let my body just soak it all in.  I, quite literally, felt like I was floating on air throughout the session.After wards, I followed Victoria to room 12 for my massage for which I requested emphasis on my lower back and shoulders/lower neck.  She quickly prepped the table and left me for a few minutes to disrobe and position myself on the table (they ask you to please keep on your underwear).  Victoria returned and fortunately, for me, she did not appear to be tired at all.  She worked my shoulders and lower back until the knots and tension just sloughed off.  She was a persistent mo-fo and my body felt renewed.  She was also very mindful and asked me twice if it hurt (it never did).  Wow - the one hour foot reflexology followed by the one hour full body massage kicked my a**!  I never understood what people meant when they'd say/write "it really hurt but it was worth it" when referring to a foot reflexology... until I met Victoria!  Her demeanor was very calming and we probably only said 10 words to each other throughout our two hours together; but boy did she have some strong fingers and hands.  It's true, this place is no major spa, but I really think I'd prefer this place for some maintenance massages over some others in the peninsula.Introductory specials: $19.99 for a 60-minute foot reflexology session for your first time (small print at the counter indicates that there's a price increase after 5:30 p.m. on weeknights but I just asked nicely when I first called in, and I was good to go); $48 for a 60-minute body massage for your first time.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2008,7/27/2008,814,137,4,19,15>After my Japanese lunch in San Mateo, I quickly dashed over to B Street in San Mateo. Yogurtouille has arrived to introduce frozen yogurt with a wide range of delightful flavors.Two different business formulas, both great tasting.Pinkberry: (staff serve) + (choice of 3 flavors) + (toppings) = fro yo paradiseYogurtouille: (self serve) + (multiple choice of tart/classic) + (toppings) = fro yo paradiseAmbiance. Similar to most frozen yogurt place owned by Asian entrepreneurs, features orange colored walls and minimalist decor. The operation is clean and service is friendly.Food.Pinkberry is the leader in the frozen yogurt chase. Having tasted a few others in the Bay Area, Yogurtouille serves frozen yogurt that is creamy in taste with a solid full bodied richness and clean after taste. Like any great singer, range is important. Yogurtouille differentiates itself by providing different flavors on the flavor wheel from tart (original, mango) to more classic flavors such as chocolate and vanilla. Strawberry and lychee are also available.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2008,7/26/2008,147,84,15,14,15>No Wei! Wei!!Ok, enough with the ORLY joke. Sorry, Wei. (orlyowl.com/nowai.jpg)Wei H. introduced us to Sushi Sam in San Mateo and I loved the food there.  I did not think too much of it when I first walked into the premise because it looked just like any other sushi restaurants.  The decor did not really stand out and everything looked ordinary. Let's just say the initial impression did not tickle my fancy.  Sushi Sam was in Wei's hood so we let him pick the dishes.  He suggested the Hamachi Kama, Ankimo (fish liver), chef's special with blue shrimp and baby lobster.  Hamachi Kama was the most prime real estate of Hamachi, it was tender and was perfect with ponzu sauce.  Ankimo was a fish liver appetizer that would compliment well with sake.  I expected the chef to churn out traditional sushi with some flare and boy, was I wrong.  Each pc of sushi was unique types of fish that I had not tasted before and each pc was so fresh that soy sauce was unneeded.  Blue shrimp was sweet with a firmer texture.  The baby lobster was served with reddish mayonnaise and roe and the combination was spectacular.  Toro was plump and oozing with yummy omega 3 goodness.  Saba and Aji had a slightly salty clean ocean taste.  Japanese unagi was moist unlike the frozen ones that many regular sushi places serve.  I was full at 10 pc and the boys ordered 2 more pc each.  The chef's special came with dessert so we all ordered the almond tofu.  The tofu was extremely creamy and the almond taste was lightly infused within.  It was served with a few slivers of fresh fruits; the almond creaminess and the fruit tartness were nice contrast.After this meal, I learned not to judge a restaurant by its initial impression.  The food at Sushi Sam was well worth the one hour wait. Thank you, Wei H. for coming out with us and introducing us to really fantabulous sushi.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2008,7/25/2008,244,102,22,23,24>This place is amazing.  I work two stores down, and I stop in once in a while.  The first time I went in there, I needed a cute top, as in something to wear that night.  I didn't have time to really peruse or go to the mall and spend a regrettable amount at Macy's or Nordstroms.  But as soon as I walked into Elie, I was put at ease.Their clothes range from sophisticated sexy to casual but cute, and there's something for everyone.  The two sisters that work there are FANTASTIC! They kept bringing things out from the back when I couldn't find something "just right" and were honest in their opinions about when something looked good or not.  The clothes are elegant and comfortable, and alll for an AMAZING price.  Just today I stopped in and tried on an adorable cowl neck tunic that I almost bought for just 30$! You can't beat that.  Walk down to Burlingame Ave and everything costs an arm and a leg.  Unfortunately, their selection isn't HUGE. It's a cute little store, with a great ambiance and only three dressing rooms.HUGE plus that there are very rarely any chatty kathy teens in there.  I'm going back next pay day. WOOOOOOOOOOOO! SHOPPING!!!
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2008,7/24/2008,83,205,7,15,15>This is a great romantic getaway in the bay area backyard. I surprised my guy with a night here for his birthday and it couldn't have worked out nicer. Their check in's aren't very early, so we had brunch before heading up there and once we got to Half Moon Bay we walked some of the bike path that runs along the coast (which passes right in front of the hotel). At check when my boyfriend was sitting by the fireplace they quietly told me (so that he wouldn't overhear) that they had not yet put the champagne that we were suppose to have in the room yet, and did we want it delivered now or while we were away at dinner. I told them that I would give them a call when we were leaving for dinner and they said that they would set it up about an hour after my call so that the ice in the bucket would not have melted yet when we arrive back. Perfect! And it worked out beautifully.We went out to their pool and hot tub area using our comfy robes that had been provided for us and while the pool is very small and nothing special, we were there for the hot tub. It could have used a cleaning, it was fairly windy, and as the hotel is right on the beach, some sand had collected in it. But it was a pretty spacious tub, so even if there is another couple in there (which there normally wasn't) you don't feel like you are sitting on top of them.Then we got dressed and went out to dinner. When we came back the champagne was on our table nice and cold just as promised. Yay! We had picked up a couple extra duraflame logs so we wouldn't have to keep going back down to reception to pick them up and lit one up. We had our champagne and the dessert we brought back from the restaurant out on our balcony overlooking the water which was lit up by the moon. Good times...We had the Romance Package, so we were able to stay for a late check out, and it was nice being able to sleep in in the nice comfy bed and get ready to go in a leisurely fashion. We even had time to hit up the hot tub one more time. The staff couldn't have been nicer, the room was beautiful, and the price was decent. We will definitely be back for another romantic stay when the occasion calls for it.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2007,7/23/2008,123,135,3,13,8>Filoli is beautiful.  Goregous.  All the years I've been going to Filoli I never exactly knew how to describe it to people in a way which makes them understand why I enjoy it so much.  Let's try again:Filoli is a breathtaking mansion and estate just off Canada Road in Woodside.  It hasn't been inhabited since the 1930's but it's kept up by a historical foundation.  The gardens and grounds are simply magestic and downright breathtaking when the flowers are in bloom.  The house is impressive and grand without being completely overwhelming.  Weddings are (sadly) not allowed - and it's sort of obvious why... they'd have a wedding here every day if they began to allow it!  Scenes from The Wedding Planner were filmed here passing it off as "Wine Country" which always makes me smile.  Filoli comes from the words "FIght", "LOve", "LIve" and was chosen by the mansion's original owners, the Bourns.  There are many events at Filoli and I strongly urge people to look into them and attend.  Regular entrance, during open season (February-October) is $12 and self-guided tours are available and included.  Guided tours should be reserved in advance.My auntie has been volunteering at the estate for years and years making beautiful floral arrangements which are sold in the gift shop and at special events such as the following -- my favorite!:I mostly visit Filoli during the week after Thanksgiving for the "Holiday Traditions".  Even though the gardens are at their bleakest, it's a magical time to visit the estate and bring yourself into the spirit of the Christmas season.  The entire downstairs of the mansion is transformed into a twinkling, gorgeous, sparkling, feast for the eyes wonderland of Christmas gifts and decorations.  As you slowly wind your way through throngs of middle-aged, affluent women you can even faintly hear a choir singing Christmas carols in a side room.  Everywhere your glance falls you see ornaments and clothing and soaps and snacks and toys and wreaths and centerpieces and more.  It's pure class and the prices remind you of this.  $30 affords you entrance into the home and the ability to browse and buy.  $70 gets you this same entrance plus a refined and fashionable brunch in the Visitor's Center with the option of 3 different seating times.  Grounds are open for strolling and still pleasant on a nice day.  Though one finds themselves roaming and dreaming of gardens abloom with the vibrancy of spring! *Check out the pictures for Filoli Center and I added some of my favorites from the Holiday Traditions event this year!
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,4/22/2013,190,256,4,8,4>So I came here again, this time with co-workers.  We came at 3pm in the afternoon and sat on the patio.Our waitress, Pia (someone do a spelling check) was awesome.  She was very knowledgeable and helpful (things like adding a chair to our table or bringing us dinner menus even though it wasn't 4pm just yet).  She knew the beers and was able to tell us about the different ones.  This is the type of waitress I hope most people get at an establishment like this place.I'm a vegetarian so I couldn't eat all the items that were ordered but the grilled cheese was fantastic.  I love grilled cheese and this was the best i've had in the Bay Area.  The bisque that comes with it is pretty good but nothing amazing.  The fries were good.  My co-workers ordered meatball sandwich, corndogs and sliders and enjoyed them all...especially the sliders.For beers, I had the light flight and also created my own flight.  Both were quite good.  I can't really say anything bad about any of the beers here.  I did really enjoy the Hitachino for a warm afternoon.To wrap-up I ordered some donuts, which this time, were cooked to perfection.  When I went during the soft opening, they were a little gooey inside.  This were delicious.  My co-worker really enjoyed the real rootbeer float.  I'll need to come back for that.It's sad that they have currently suspended their beer-runner program.  It's a program where they walk around to tables with the special of the day beer at a discounted cost.  Initially they planned on tallying up how many of these beers you had at your table.  It sounds like they suspended this because people hid or took away the tallies to not be charged for these.  I really hope they bring this creative program back!Also, they usually have a special beer (until they run out) that is at a discounted cost (usually $5).   Make sure you ask.I really enjoyed my experience and can't wait to go back again.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,4/21/2013,128,133,3,5,3>I was able to get almost half my Christmas shopping done in this lovely boutique.  I found the most unique, handmade gifts- ranging from handwoven slippers made in Nepal for my brother to scarves woven into flowers for my bff and Ma (ok, I got one for myself too).  Lots of other goodies for all walks of people.  Jewelry, house furnishings, clothing, trinkets, etc.The service was amazing, attentive, without being in your face.  Both men smiled at me and made holiday shopping a little less miserable.Price: quality = amazing*There was a clearance section towards the back of the storeDolma allowed me to get presents for six completely different people, without entering the mall and exit the store in under 30 minutes.  Plus, they didn't yell at me for bringing in my tea (with no cap- I didn't spill).  If that's not five shiny, red stars...not sure what is.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,4/20/2013,206,213,4,7,6>I needed to make up for a bad Mediterranean meal the night before so I decided to give Albayk a try.  I'm so glad that I did because they are my new favorite, casual Mediterranean restaurant.  Nothing fancy about this place so leave your black tie attire at home.I got a lamb schwarma plate which came with rice, salad, hummus and pita bread.  Rice was good and the lamb was not gamey.  The lamb had great smokey flavor and it was not tough either.  Best of all, the price was good and service was fast.  I called in my order and they said it would be 10 minutes.  I got there and my food was ready.  As an added bonus, they have a check in offer on Yelp.  Order a wrap and get 6 falafels for free!  That's already another reason to come back for me.  Can't wait to try other things on the menu!Oh yeah, don't forget to ask for their garlic white sauce, adds delicious, garlicky flavor to your food!
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2013,4/19/2013,190,545,2,2,2>Okay so this is really a review on service.  I typically never do this, but it was just THAT amazing.  Great selection of drinks and really friendly staff.  Bonus points for being open super late.  I have to come back and try their food and do an updated review.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,4/18/2013,45,160,3,3,2>Came in with my friend for dinner, not knowing this place was so dark and romantic o_o.The food variety is great--even have exotic animals on Wednesdays! The service is nice, but understaffed for how busy this place can get.Great hang out/drinking spot.I really only wanted the tonkotsu ramen when coming, but ended up ordering a bunch of other yakitori dishes:Fried baby tako - the sauce it comes with is really yummy. It's pretty oily for one person to finish... which is what happened in my case.Yakinasu (grilled eggplant) - YEEEE! iono what my obsession is with grilled eggplants, but I LOVE THEM. It was just sorta weird that they also served the stub of the eggplant as a "piece" of eggplant o_oWagyu Grilled sakeChicken heart, Hamachi collarTonkotsu ramenCame here with a yelp deal--$16 for $25 worth of food. I would come again for oysters or alligator lol and a beer.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,4/17/2013,439,150,,6,4>The thing that stands out about this place is its consistency in producing yummy food. We've been here many times, both on our own and with large groups, and we know we'll never have to apologize to friends for an off-night in the kitchen. It's also a nice alternative to trying to find parking somewhere on Laurel Street.The kebabs are our go-to choices. We'll pretty much always get at least one order of lamb kebabs, but we've tried the other ones and they are good as well. You get a lot of food (salad, rice, bread) with your order.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,4/16/2013,113,362,2,6,4>Great park with so many options. Tennis courts in good condition. Skateboard area. Nice big green field for playing, running, and sitting on a blanket. Covered picnic area (do check if it's reserved). Playground area. Softball field. And more!The classes offered here by Parks and Rec are very good. So many choices -- Zumba, dance, Pilates, art, music to name a few -- offered at different times and on different days, and for all ages. Small lot but street parking is fairly accessible.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,4/15/2013,286,975,12,7,7>How foolish we've been this past year and a half, thinking Mountain View had so little to offer in the breakfast department!  What a find, tucked away at the end of Castro!Their breakfast/brunch menu has lots to offer, lots to try-- sweet things like French toast, crepes, and waffles, along with savory scrambles, crepes, and sandwiches.  But the thing that makes them really remarkable is the kinds of pastries they have there... zaatar bread, baklava, borek, and simit!! Simit, my Turkish arkadaslar!  You won't believe your gozler!!The food quality is great, too.  I had the vegetable crepe, which came with mushrooms, peppers, tomatoes, monterey jack cheese, and avocado.  It was a surprise to find the avocado on the side but it just meant I got to taste its full freshness and creaminess.  The hash browns here are unbeatable as well.My fiance got the scramble sandwich... He said it was a little plain.  I think his exact words were "You might not like it, but I do!" --which is code for "your epicurean standards might scoff at this humble offering, but it'll get 'er done."  A weird note: it comes with white toast.  Why you need toast with your sandwich, I don't know. But they think you do here!Free wifi too! It can get a little loud when it's full, so I can't imagine hanging out here for hours... Unless they kept the baklava coming!
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2013,4/14/2013,659,1527,5,7,6>Yum!  I finally got to try this truck and I was impressed.    It is a truck with an awning and a few tables.Most of the places in Mountain View are known better for Burritos or Pupusas, so this will be my go to for tacos. I ordered tacos. I got a selection of the meats and they were all good.  They have a good selection including Asada, Al Pastor, Tripas, Pollo, Carnitas, Chorizo, Buche, Lengua, Suadero and Cabeza.   They are not too greasy and packed with flavor.  Tortillas could have been crispier. The salsas were not as hot as I would have liked, but they were flavorful. The grilled onions and peppers add to the top of the orders was a nice touch. Open late --I think until 1 maybe on weekends, and 11 on weeknights, but I am not 100% sure on this. There are a couple of tables that they set up late night as they are outside of a liquor store.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,4/13/2013,751,680,20,21,21>Kaffeehaus continues to be my go-to place in San Mateo for chilling out and laptop camping.  If I'm off early from work on a Friday afternoon, or if I just want a place to hang out for a hour, this is my place.A very popular place in the afternoon.  Pretty packed, either with friends catching up with each other, or even some coworkers having an offsite meeting.  There's limited availability of power outlets, but still a nice place to hang out.The beans they use for their coffee flavorful, robust, strong, yet mellow.  They have a pretty good variety of pastries and desserts, as well as sandwiches.  My favorite is pairing one of their lattes with one of their apricot bars.  These bars have nice chunks of softened (yet still firm) dried apricots, topped with a crunchy, nutty streusel.Love this place!
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,5/2/2013,93,917,3,4,3>I've never before had a roti bun, and even having had one now, I still don't quite understand what it is...except for the fact that it is completely unique and such a tasty sensation!The roti buns are $1.95 each and a fairly good size. Super light and airy inside, they have a thin, crispy outer shell. I opted for the chocolate butter flavor, since well, the plain one seemed a bit too plain, and the cream cheese chocolate chip flavor seemed like it had a bit too much going on.I was pleasantly surprised when I was handed a nicely warmed bun mildly flavored with chocolate. There was no chocolate filling persay, but rather a light drizzle of melted chocolate atop the shell, which was the perfect touch. The entire bun smells amazing, and will melt in your mouth leaving you want more. Much more.After eating this concoction, I can probably assume that the plain flavor wasn't plain at all, but rather had its own flavor. With or without the chocolate, this bun would've been absolutely delicious.Oh, and if roti buns don't sound like your type of thing...never fret! This place has gelato, tiramisu, waffles, honey breads, bubble tea, and more!I will definitely return to try the other roti bun flavors, and also some of the honey breads...another item I've never heard of nor am familiar with.P.S. The line was much, much shorter compared to the crazy Tpumps line. And this place...definitely not overrated. :)
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,5/1/2013,198,547,2,11,7>WOW! So I took my newly adopted Siamese cat (he was abandoned) who has been HOWLING nonstop at night! I could tell that he had an ear irritation and brought him to another vet who just tested him for ear mites and found nothing. ANyway, long story short, I brought my new cat in for their $250 basic dental cleaning. I pleaded with them to PLEASE check my cat's ear as I just knew there was something going on (they usually don't provide veterniary services anymore). While my cat was out during the cleaning, they found a PEBBLE IN HIS EAR!!! And now the meowing and howling at night is gone.They certainly didn't have to do this and I'm sure my cat is super greatful! Note: I had to have my vet fax them my cat's record before they would see him. Also, the $250 is a minimum fee that they charge for dental cleaning. It ended up being slightly more as they had to extract a tooth.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,4/30/2013,152,386,2,5,4>Always Fresh (from Japan!), Never Frozen!  We wandered in here during prime dinner time on a Tuesday night and were surprised to find it empty.  We're happy to keep it our little secret for now.  Dash gets their fresh sushi flown in from Japan on Tuesdays & Fridays.  You can truly taste the difference!  The sashimi is so fresh, melts in your mouth like butter!  Best sushi in San Mateo - no doubt!  I ordered the $25 SASHIMI SPECIAL - 12 slices of bliss!  But.... as many others have already mentioned, the OMAKASE is the true star of the show here!  Chef Wataru truly shows his skills and pride in lovingly preparing an omakase tailored to your taste buds.  Unless you're lucky like us and walk in on a slow night, be sure to order & reserve your omakase at least one day in advance.  Chef Wataru was friendly, funny, and kept up an amiable banter with us throughout the meal.  Definitely an added bonus to the meal!  Best sashimi in San Mateo - glad it's a well kept secret (for now)...
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2013,4/29/2013,70,186,3,4,4>Scoot aside Orenchi as I found my favorite Ramen store. Even though many of fellow yelps believe Parlor is not as good as Orenchi or Dojo, I felt otherwise after I had my virgin meal at this place today. Chicken Katsu currey rice set Garlic Lobster Ramen (Extra Spicy)Pork Flavor Lobster Ramen (non spicy)The broth for Pork flavor ramen is tasy and yet not too salty. The Chashu, beansprout, and black fungus blends into the broth and ramen very well. Great for kids as well as those who cannot take spicy stuff. I went extra spicy and my garlic lobster ramen. Even at extra spicy, i still consider it as medium spicy. Love the way they served the chicken katsu curry set. It comes with salad, 3 small pieces of katsu, rice on a plate, and the curry sauce in a separate bowl. In this way, you can adjust the amount of curry sauce accordingly. Service was friendly BUT please note that if they will charge you a $9.95 for any adult who does not order any food.
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,4/28/2013,364,464,4,6,8>When i lived in San Mateo, this was my regular go to place. I miss it sometimes especially when I am having a hectic week, a visit to Spa Muku was not only a good stress buster but an inexpensive indulgence.$25 cash for an hour of steam therapy. The lady who manages/runs the place is very accommodative when it comes to appointments, there are times when I have walked in on weekdays when it was only me at the spa, but for weekends call in for an appointment. The lady is not fluent in English, but communicates what is required effectively.The whole facility always looks spanking new! The waiting area is tiny but has a few brochures on the process and a few magazines, I had to wait about ten minutes once and didn't get bored. Once you enter the spa area, you walk in through the lockers area. She will provide you a thin outfit and suggest you undress completely. A water bottle is also given. Then you go lie on the stone bed, and I literally fall asleep coz it just stills your mind!15 mins and then you can cool off for five and come back in, so you get 4 such mini breaks in the one hour and you will come out sparkly rid of toxins. I have been to Korean spas too and feel either or doesn't matter, as long as you feel good after!
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,4/27/2013,378,248,5,8,10>Great satisfaction for my Korean food cravings! Although I have never eaten here (have only gotten take-out), and refuse to branch out from my regular order of dol sot bibimbap, tofu soup, and spicy pork, I can at least say with confidence that these dishes are delicious here...the only thing that could be improved is for them to be a little more generous with ingredients in general, especially the vegetables for the bibimbap + the banchan (they were really generous the first time I went, but after that...no more). The short ribs are also tasty but costly at $25.5. The main lady there is super nice and asks what banchan you like the most. The banchan are also really good, by the way, they have all the standard ones.The inside is elegant and clean with dark wood floors and a tiny bar seating area in the front.
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,4/26/2013,110,70,1,13,7>As an expectant mom, I've been looking for an easy way to incorporate more greens into my diet. I love the green dream juice from bushel! So smooth and you don't even feel like there's any spinach or kale in it. And, they deliver to most places in the bay area. Can't wait to try their other juices.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,4/25/2013,91,159,5,9,6>I've had a string of mediocore to decent ramen experiences as of late, but I'm glad I had them because they've cleared my mind and allowed me to pinpoint exactly what it is that I love so much about Ramen Dojo. First off, know that they only offer three different types of broth- Soy, Spicy Garlic, and Pork - and that's PERFECT. I've realized over the last few months that the best ramen joints only offer two or three different broth flavors and this allows them to make each one the best that it can be. So I've had their spicy garlic broth twice now and I am at a point in life where I can pinpoint everything that is right about it. The broth is thick and absolutely PACKED with flavor. Not a cacophony of flavor either- sometimes you'll get ramen that's full of flavor but none of them seem to go well together. The flavors here mix so well together- the spice, the garlic, the everything else. And the noodles are a paradox. Strong ye passive. I don't get these noodles. They aren't limp and weak, yet they flow so elegantly and softly, and taste perfect. The meat is delicious but doesn't intrude on the interaction between the noodle and the broth. Everything else that goes on top is even more inconspiciuous. The egg, the green onions, the garlic cloves. They all sit there innocently, yet contribute so much. It's ramen like this that makes life so beautiful. You're eating art!
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,4/24/2013,169,100,1,14,6>Ok Palo Alto...Take some food aesthetics and a lil' atmosphere Reposado and the cool laid back vibe of Old Pro and you have TACOLICIOUS!Weeks before the Palo Alto opening I had visited the Mission location and it was packed, the cocktails were fantastic and the food was pretty good.  I was excited for the PA location to open just steps from my abode to try it all again.The atmosphere here is amazing, from the colorful tile floor, wall hangings and the open airy space.  It also features huge windows that open up on warm days to patio seats for prime people watching.  I like the spot to indulge in a few cocktails and stuff your face with friends.  The guacamole is pretty tasty and I would recommend the Albacore Tuna Tostatas.  I am not a meat-eater so no advise there (sorry).  I'd order the Vegetarian Taco over the Fried Pacific Rod Cod.  If your looking for a fish taco - hit Sancho's a few blocks away instead.  I am anxious to try some of the salad options on the next visit.Unlike most spots in Palo Alto, Tacoliious is open until 12am to appease your late night food munchies!Offers gluten-free (95%) and vegetarian (55%) items on the menu.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,4/23/2013,91,262,,9,2>I have been here many times over the years and never had a bad experience. The seafood is fresh, the service is good and the location is great.Barbara's is a small restaurant with a hometown feel. There are individual tables with wooden chairs and great views of the ocean. There is indoor seating and outdoor seating with heat lamps.There are daily specials of fresh fish and fresh shell fish. This trip I had the calamari entree. It was listed as one of their most popular dishes. The calamari was fresh and plentiful. Not heavily battered, so I could taste the flavor of the calamari. It came with cocktail sauce for dipping and a choice of fries or coleslaw. I chose the fries. They are big steak-fries, very good. I also had a cup of clam chowder. Barbara's is the best clam chowder on the coast, hands down. The place down the street that calls itself a "Chowder House" has nothing on Barbara's fresh clam chowder.I would highly recommend checking out Barbara's Fish Trap. While your there, have the Daily Beer Special for $2.50. Always different and unique. IMPORTANT: Barbara's is cash only. Don't bring your phone or tablet, Barbara's will give you the boot for ruining other diners experiences and says so right on the menu. Plus the seating is at a premium.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,6/1/2013,711,1139,19,27,27>The Yelp app came through while looking for some late night casual eats while in downtown RWC. Positive reviews from Glenn G and Jennifer L made this the destination for my group after checking out Freewheel Brewery with some friends. . Like the sports themed interior and matching pub grub menu.(yelp.com/biz_photos/the-)Since we were a big group ordered a bunch of $5 appetizers. The wings and fried pickles were my favorite. Mac and cheese - Mmm, just like Kraft's but creamier. Fried pickles - Thick tangy crispy spears.  Habanero chicken wings - Lip numbing Garlic fries - OK but nothing like at the ballparkOnion rings - Crispy and thick, very good! Brussel sprouts - Roasted buttery veggie goodness! (yelp.com/biz_photos/the-)I had the SPICY BURGER w/ CAP'N CRUNCH Milkshake! - $9 + $5The heat from the jalapeno chutney, horseradish sauce, and pepperjack made my mouth numb (in a good way) while the thick cap'n crunch milkshake cooled it down. The milkshake reminded me when I was a little kid and I would pick Cap'n Crunch only because it had a cool toy inside the box! It's at least a 4 napkin burger since the Creekstone beef patties are juicy. A nice and crisp toasted bun rounded out the solid fast food style pub burger. You're gonna be full! (yelp.com/biz_photos/the-) My friends BIG burger. (yelp.com/biz_photos/the-)It wasn't busy, the service was fast and friendly, and they were hospitable enough to let my group stay even after they closed. Relaxed and roomy man food spot to watch the game. (yelp.com/biz_photos/the-)3.5 rounding up! Rather go here than similarly tiered Red Robin or BJ's Brewery.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,5/31/2013,185,194,9,16,13>After perusing the surrounding block and a half, my sister and I settled on La Fontaine.  They said they'd only been open for 4 days.  There are soooooooooooo many restos on Castro St., it's hard to pick, but this stood out with great lunch menu options in fact, we had a hard time settling on choices.  Lovely interior, and in general clean and well kept. (analysis to be provided) yelp.com/biz_photos/la-f, yelp.com/biz_photos/la-f.They offer several main course salads which are listed as a combo with a tartine, but if you're not a tartine kind of gal/guy, they also offer just a protein option on top, which they'll mix and match, as you like.The service was charming and in the end this is what we had:one glass each of Proseco (they brought it poured, so I don't know the brand) They probably should have given us a wine list, but we didn't askMy sis had the spinach salad which included nuts, blue cheese, and dried cranberries, in her case topped with prawns.  It looked great, with not too much dried fruit.  I tasted one of the prawns - perfectly cooked and seasoned well, without too much salt. yelp.com/biz_photos/la-fI had the Caesar with smoked salmon tartine, which was dressed with what I think was creme fraiche, and topped with arugula.  The creamy substance was a perfect addition, but I didn't detect the onions that were noted on the menu and missed them. yelp.com/biz_photos/la-fWe looked at the dessert menu and declined, ordering espresso instead, but just after the coffees came, the charming manager brought over a comped tiramisu for us to share.  Funny, how when it's a gift, you just have to eat all those calories, even though you're full.  It would be rude not to, wouldn't it? yelp.com/biz_photos/la-fI was sad there were so few people in there, and hope they survive.  I really enjoyed myself.Food:  34/40Service:20/20!Atmos/Intang:  18/20Value:  18/20Total:  90/100A-.  The food wasn't knockout, but many good options that we didn't eat might have been a better test, but when you walk away feeling so well taken care of, you definitely want to return
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,5/30/2013,1175,863,15,18,16>I've been coming here for occupational therapy on my hands (tendonitis in both my thumbs, yippee).  I can't say enough about my favorite therapist Karen.  She really knows what she's doing, and more importantly, she takes the time to listen to her patients and really work to figure out the root of the problem and the best way to treat it.  She tries a multitude of methods to treat what's bothering you and has an almost ESP-like ability to pinpoint exactly where the problem areas are.  She's been able to put into words things I was feeling but not quite able to describe.  In addition, she will go out of her way to coordinate with your doctor and put together reports on your progress as needed.The facility also has a gym that I believe is accessible to the public.  The scheduling staff is usually really nice and accomodating too.  My only beef with the place is that parking sucks a fat one.  Their lot is small and almost always full, so I have to cruise around the neighborhood looking for a spot.  Oh well, story of the Bay Area I guess.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,5/29/2013,96,129,1,6,3>I'm usually always disappointed with macarons so I wasn't expecting any different from Chantal, but boy was I wrong!These macarons actually TASTE like they're supposed to!  The salted caramel was perhaps the best macaron I've ever had.  I've tried them at Bouchon, Lette, and even bakeries in France, but with one bite, I could taste the difference.  You can tell they use quality ingredients and the cookie was cooked to perfection with the perfect "foot".  Can't wait to try every flavor!
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2012,5/28/2013,278,57,5,7,5>Beginners beware. The PG&E trail is electrifying! Hills are treacherous and the path is wrought with peril!I made it my goal to complete the PG&E trail and have never done so. However, the rest of the trails are really not so bad. The park is also really close to the 280 so is easy to get to relative to other parks in the area.Trail running! Run it in the rain for an additional +1.
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,5/27/2013,77,335,3,8,5>Garden Fresh is my favorite Chinese vegetarian restaurant for lots of reasons. 1. They are fast. You can call in your order and by the time you drive over, the food is ready and waiting for you. (About 15 minutes)2. The staff is really nice. I have never had a bad experience with the staff here. They always remember my face and greet me with a smile. 3. The food is delicious. 4. All the dishes are vegetarian and that makes me feel good. Overall I would suggest people check this restaurant out if you like Chinese food and are vegetarian. I know that some people might not like the look of the restaurant because it's a bit old looking inside but honestly I guess it never bothered me because I get take out 100% of the time and also because the food quality is great. Some of my favorite entrees are: 1. GENERAL'S VEGGIE CHICKEN ($ 9.95) Crispy-fried soy chicken, sautéed with bell peppers and carrots in spicy sweet and sour sauce.2. KUN PAO EGGPLANT ($9.95) Japanese eggplant with bell peppers, red chili peppers and basil in spicy Szechuan sauce.3. VEGGIE CHICKEN CHOW FUN ($7.95) Stir-fried with cabbage, carrots, bean sprouts and onions.4. MOO SHU VEGETABLES ($11.95) Served with four steamed thin rice pancakes.My favorite appetizers are: 1. Scallion Pancakes with Carrot Sticks  ($5.25)2. Hot and Sour Soup  ($3.95)Hope you enjoy this place as much as I do!
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,5/26/2013,613,401,4,6,7>Good place to watch foreign films that you don't normally find at the Century or AMC theaters.  Due to the nature of these movies, there is usually a smaller crowd so I've never had to wait in line for a movie or not having good seats. I have watched some interesting foreign films here, such as Coco Avec Chanel (French with English subtitle), Mao's Last Dancer (Chinese actors, English speaking), etc.  Last night we watched Amour, which is a sad French movie and is currently Oscar-nominated. It's a good movie but a little depressing, so if you are looking for a romantic date movie this is probably not a good one to see, just be forewarned. Watching these movies usually makes me reflect more after the movie. It may not be the most entertaining movies you'll ever watch (plus you have to read the subtitles) but then there is usually more depth to these well done pieces than the Hollywood cookie cutter movies, which I can usually predict what the ending is within the first 5 minutes of it. I know, I know;  what's "entertaining" is also very subjective, so that's just my opinion.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2012,5/25/2013,100,285,91,95,96>A classy, upscale Mediterranean restaurant in Palo Alto with a Happy Hour to warm the cockles of a die-hard Yelper's heart, Zibibbo is a reliable favorite destination of mine, especially when I'm eating out with a group of friends.I've visited here a dozen times in the past couple of years, including two after-play dinner discussions with my theatre group, and have always come away happy.  I particularly like the ambiance (especially the bar!)  yelp.com/biz_photos/zibi, the food is tasty and well presented, and the service is very attentive.What exactly is it I like about the bar's ambiance?  It's got large disc chandeliers hanging from the ceiling that provide dim, comfortable lighting for the couch-intensive bar area, and there are cushioned stools available at the bar's counter.  The overall ambiance is very relaxed; it's enjoyable to sit there, especially on a cold Winter's evening.So why bother sitting in Zibibbo's bar?  It's all about the Happy Hour!  Each and every day, between 4 and 6, WHATEVER you crave from behind the bar - wine by the glass, cocktails, crushed shells from the Egg of the Phoenix, needles made from vegetarian dinosaur bones, or shoes crafted out of leather made from the skin of left-handed virgin unicorns... What's that?  They don't have crushed shells, needles, or shoes behind the bar?  Well you can't have 'em then!  What they do have back there, you CAN have, and between the aforementioned hours, it's all 50% off!!  But wait, there's more - this HH also features a cornucopia of awesome appetizers for $8 each.  Sure beats a poke in the eye with a sharp stick if you ask me...On to the restaurant!  Meals include complimentary crusty bread with butter  yelp.com/biz_photos/zibi.  While the bread is good enough to quicken the heart of the carbo-whores among us, it would be a serious threat if it were served warm.The last time I stopped by for dinner, I was on my Basil Gimlet kick, so that was the cocktail I ordered  yelp.com/biz_photos/zibi.  It turns out Zibbibio makes a decidedly decent Basil Gimlet; not as good as Rye or Singlebarrel's, but still quite serviceable.Next up, Israeli Cigars - a Carboholic's dream if ever there was one!  These babies are an appetizer to die for  yelp.com/biz_photos/zibi.  Sort of like fried eggrolls filled with potatoes and carmelized onions, they're similiar to a samosa made with phylo dough.  Israeli Cigars will always have a soft spot in my heart; given my druthers, I'd just make a meal out of a dozen of them!  Fortunately, I have a Will of Iron (not to mention a Head of Granite) so I made do with just the two provided in a single order.My entrée was the Flat Iron Steak with Brocollini, Cipollini Onions, Fingerling Potatoes, and Red Wine Demiglaze  yelp.com/biz_photos/zibi.  It was flavorful and well seasoned; while it came out too rare, I sent it back and the 2nd time was the charm :-)Happy Hour fare not withstanding, Zibbibio might be a touch on the pricey side, but it's a reliable, solid destination that will deliver the goods for you time and again.  Four stars!
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,5/24/2013,42,100,6,8,9>I've found a new favorite veggie burrito!  I love a place that "dresses up" a veggie burrito.  El Maguey gives you the option of whole wheat or spinach tortillas, black or pinto beans and adds shredded lettuce, cabbage and jalapenos to their super veggie burrito.  The salsa has the perfect amount of heat and the price relative to the size is VERY reasonable (less than $6 for a two meal burrito!).  I'd be curious to try some of their other dishes but the burrito is so good I have a difficult time straying! The salsa bar is great too.  Free chips and salsa- chips are super crispy and not greasy and the salsa options are fantastic!  My favoties are the tomatillo and mango habanero.  Great flavor and spice!
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,5/23/2013,348,168,4,5,5>This place is a hidden treasure in Palo Alto. I absolutely love all vegetarian rolls they make, super fresh and they offer great variety.I love their miso soup, which comes in drinking cup and you just drink it.All fish we have tried was super fresh and good quality. I was shocked how affordable the place is for the quality they offer. I have been to many high end Japanese restaurants but you pay a lot more for the similar quality.I fell in love with their nigiri (tuna, salmon), as I am normally super picky about raw fish. This place is cash only and sometimes it takes a while for the order to get ready, so call them and order in advance to avoid the wait.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/30/2010,10/25/2010,330,533,4,5,5>I brought my daughter here over the weekend for a birthday party.  I want to warn other novices (in other words, clueless people like me) that it's COLD in this place!  Be sure to wear warm clothes, even if you're not skating.  If you are skating, you'd also be wise to bring gloves, a scarf, and maybe even a ski cap.  I saw several people wearing them and they looked very comfortable.  There is a shop on site where you can buy most of the stuff you may have forgotten.The Ice Center is sort of shabby-looking, but I suppose there's not much sense in spiffing it up when you've got people zipping around in sharp ice skates.  The staff here are very nice.  The party guests had a blast, so I think all in all the day was a big success.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2010,10/24/2010,429,202,4,5,6>This joint does not mess around. Going Northbound on El Camino a few blocks away from K&L Wine Merchants you find a rundown red building that stands alone but do not be weary for they have amazing homecooked Mexican food. The storefront is a combination of a liquor/convenient store, over the counter drugstore, bakery, and taqueria. They have horchata, fresh squeezed carrot juice, and orange juice. If you are there during the day you are likely to see the owner's kids eating tacos at the counter where you can watch his wife prepare fresh yellow corn masa tortillas for the tacos. I ordered the chile relleno plate(It's HUGE they give you 2 chile rellenos) and my friend(who has been a regular for 7 years) ordered the barbacoa and the steak tacos. EVERYTHING WAS PHENOMENAL. IT really could not have gotten any better. The salsa bar is probably my favorite part though-- my favorite sauce was the pico de gallo with diced chunks of nopalitos. AMAZING!!! Can't wait to go back for the tacos. The tacos are not overpriced like other places that aren't as fresh and authentic.LEGIT HOLE IN THE WALL TAQUERIA!
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/3/2010,10/23/2010,364,222,6,7,6>What a nice little surprise - an actual authentic Japanese restaurant.  My friend randomly found this place (thanks to YELP) and we decided to give it a try.  I was so preoccupied with reading the menu that when I glanced up to see my waitress I was shocked to see a petite Japanese woman dressed in a kimono.  Random but all I could think was how the heck does she survive a whole shift wearing that ensemble?Now the good stuff, the FOOD.Beef Umeshiso Age - Rib eye lightly fried.  Not to shabby.  I wished they would have kept the meat more on the medium rare side.Salmon & Tuna Sashimi - Yummmm!  Sashimi just melted in my mouth.  Really good quality sashimi here.Hamachi Belly Nigiri - Now this was my fav of the night.  I've never tried Hamachi belly and glad I decided to give it a try.  Unlike regular hamachi it was a more creamier fatty taste.  Delicious!We had a couple of other rolls and it was nice to see that each roll wasn't covered in their "special" sauce. The sushi rolls were made on the smaller side which I really didn't mind that much.  It was really nice to eat sushi that was just simple.  I had a great time here and enjoyed the sushi I had.  I wasn't blown away by the quality but it was just nice to have simple sushi for once.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2010,10/22/2010,674,366,7,10,9>The perfect San Mateo after hours place for working people. Bruschetta is their specialty and they do have around a dozen combinations from the common cream cheese, chives and salmon to green apples, cinnamon and etc. The variety of bruschetta plates is just perfect for small groups of friends. They do charge nearly 10$ a glass for some wines so it might be best if you just order a bottle ($20 and above). They also have an open air patio at the back, slightly cramped but still a great place for finger foods and wine. I haven't tried the other things in the menu but I'll definitely be back for more.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2010,10/21/2010,836,728,12,13,11>Never eat more than you can lift...I felt like I had eaten more than I could've lifted here!Order of preference:- bbq pork fried rice- steamed pork buns (XLB)- spicy beef noodle soup- onion pancakes- sauteed greensThe dishes above were ONLY consumed by TWO people! And with lots of leftovers! Next time, we're only ordering two dishes.... instead of five haha :PLove Taiwanese food! It's so comforting! And to come here on a cold and windy night was nice! It's a small restaurant in San Mateo with friendly staff. Super quick service. Practiced some of my Mandarin while ordering the dishes... haha Prices here are super reasonable! Our whole bill came out to a little over $30.I really enjoyed the bbq pork fried rice the most! I was surprised at how big the plate was! The XLB was decent, but I've had better ones in Shanghai. XD Spicy beef noodle soup wasn't super great, but it was SUPER spicy (we even asked for it to be mild). Onion pancakes here were.. mehhhh. I like the frozen ones at Ranch 99 better. And the sauteed greens were just green.I definitely want to come back and try more dishes next time!! :D
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2010,10/20/2010,493,361,11,12,12>Ill make it short and to the point.The Chicken and waffle taiyaki was one of the most innovative and interesting taiyaki's I've ever had.  And yes I am also grouping that in with my time in Japan.  This savory taiyaki is very different from most of the sweet ones that people like of when it comes to it.  The maple infused batter, the meatiness of the chicken "nugget" makes for a great change in texture and flavor.  If you do pair this with a vanilla sundae, the creamy mouth feel, the slight numbing coolness all pairs extremely well with a freshly made, piping hot taiyaki with this amazing filling.I will spare you all the additional details, as this flavor is due to end fairly soon, and I think today is the last day for this catch of the week.  In short jump in the car, and get over to downtown San Mateo and give this a try right this instant!Current countdown... 4 hours and 12 minutes left...
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2010,10/18/2010,76,236,4,6,6>After three days of hotel meeting food I was ready for something fresh and tasty, not to mention fast as I was exhausted. I remembered reading a review about Laurel Kabob from one of my favorite Yelp!ers. If it was good enough for Jennifer L it was far too good for me.I almost didn't go in because of the strong smell of frying outside but I was glad I did even if it was only for the super friendly smile and welcome that greeted me.The falafel wrap was light, fresh and tasty. Even though it was a little light on falafel, good flavors came through. Having now read about the fresh-baked bread I almost wish I had ordered the falafel pitta but that's a perfect excuse to go back.Yes, I did smell of frying when I left and maybe that's something they should look at, but it was a small price to pay for good, fresh food in a clean place with delightful, attentive service that made me feel very welcome. A great addition to Laurel Street and I wish them every success.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2010,10/17/2010,186,252,8,9,9>A cute, casual restaurant tucked away in Palo Alto. I came here for a surprise birthday with a party of close to 20 people. We were seated in a small, private room with another large party, so the room was a bit loud and got warm pretty quick.  The bf and I ended up ordering off of their special menu for that night. We started with a tropical salad with arugula, mango, and some other fruits I can't remember.  The Hawaiian swordfish caught both of our eyes, but I ended up with it while he chose the Niman Ranch NY steak.The salad was drizzled lightly with dressing and the fruits were arranged decoratively around the plate. After eating this salad, I realized that arugula may not be my favorite type of greens for a salad. It wasn't bad. It just wasn't for me.We got our entrees and everyone was eyeing mine! Huge piece of swordfish topped with julienned-cut fresh fruits (mango). You eat with your eyes first, and my eyes were already satisfied. Thank goodness the flavor matched the eye-catching presentation! And the fruit worked really well with the perfectly seasoned fish. Too bad the bf wasn't as excited about his steak as I was with my dish. There was nothing mind-blowing about it. It was a good piece meat, but lacked a bit of seasoning. So he picked off of my dish for the rest of the night.   For dessert, the party planner brought in a birthday cake to share with the us. Rather than slicing and serving the cake, the staff took it up a notch and plated each slice with pomegranate or raspberry sauce and a fresh blueberry on top.  Matter-of-fact, the staff treated us fantastically throughout our entire dinner. They were attentive and efficient with no signs of stress from serving several large groups, nor was there any rush to kick us out at 10pm. This is a great option for a casual dinner with one other person or a group of 10.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2010,10/16/2010,249,513,6,9,6>today, i contributed to history as i experienced the first dinner seating ever at tofu house (it opened as of 5pm today!). we were welcomed by enthusiastic smiles from all the wait staff, front of house, and chefs in the open kitchen.we ordered a kimchi soft tofu stew with pork and mild spiciness as well as a bbq beef dolsot bibimbop. before the main dishes came, we were served 6 types of ban chan which included large bean sprouts, pickled seaweed, pickled cucumbers, kimchi, jap chae (clear noodles), and sweetened potato chunks. i liked the tastes of all of them.the kimchi tofu stew arrived bubbling hot. broke an egg in it and let it cool a bit before enjoying a rich and savory broth. the flavor was above average and had an unexplainable umami essence. the dolsot bibimbop was served in a sizzling hot stone bowl which crisped up all the rice the way i like it. i added a few squirts of hot sauce and mixed up the bbq beef, veggies, egg, and rice. my first bite nearly singed my whole mouth. it was hellishly hot but i was hungry. after i let it cool, i dove into the tasty rice and thoroughly enjoyed the chewy/crunchy edges and the softened veggies. the bill came out to an even $25 with 2 sticks of korean melon gum. i love this stuff! too bad the flavor runs out after 3 chews. upon exit, we weren't bid a farewell because they were too involved with welcoming new customers...no worries, it is their first night afterall.solid.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2010,10/15/2010,711,1139,12,18,14>El Sinaloense is definitely not a taqueria so you're better off somewhere else if you're looking for burritos. It sort of reminds me of a Celia's or El Torito with the futbol playing on the tv, the margarita bar, but only more authentic. The Sunday lunch crowd consisted of Mexican families - so you know this stuff is legit. (yelp.com/biz_photos/UdMC)Sinaloa, a coastal Mexican state specialiezes in seafood. So. their menu offers ceviche dishes as well as a ton of pulpo (octopus). Those dishes looked good until I saw nopales (prickly pear cactus) on the menu. Nopales has been on my "bucket list of things to eat" so I was pretty excited to try and get a thorn stuck on my tongue. The nopales reminded me of a green pepper but succulent. It was used as an ingredient in the molcajete which is this stone mortar that came out sizzling and smoking. It was filled with shrimp, chicken, and grilled steak in this red garlicky semi spicy sauce with freshly grilled green onions. I liked how cheesy it was and I can't say I've had anything like it. It's enough for two people. (yelp.com/biz_photos/UdMC)I'd come back to try some of their octopus dishes or maybe a happy hour?
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,2/20/2013,431,97,5,8,5>Ok, there is a bit of a "soup-nazi" mentality to this place (right down to asking for extra bread), so make sure you know what to order (meats at the register, rice and hummus at the deli) and where to pick it up (meat at the window around back).  But the food is great and the pricing is more than reasonable.  You can easily serve a large group at about $10 per head.  Take a pass on the felafels (I always add some to my order, but they are way too dense and no one ever eats them).  The koubideh (which is similar to kafte) and the spicy chicken breast are my go to items.  Get some of the yogurt sauce, pickled veggies, and hummus and you are in business for a great buffet style make your own middle eastern burrito dinner.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,2/19/2013,75,242,3,6,4>Just recently moved to Moss Beach and this is one of the most diverse markets I've ever ran into. Whoever runs this market is a smart entrepreneur. You have to take advantage of the location and notice that any other store is 7 or so miles away and cram as much product as you can in here to keep clientel from going to Pacifica or HMB. Very clever.Coastside Market has everything from a convenient copy machine to 49er apparel, to electronic cigarettes to pet supplies. Although the prices are a little bit marked up, you can't complain at all because that's the amount of gas you're going to spend going to HMB and back. Last but not least, the cashiers here are very nice. I bought a thing of folgers coffee that was $4.50 and noticed I had no cash on me. I also noticed the minimum debit amount was $5. When he rang me up I asked him to mark up the price to $5 in order for me to use my debit card. "For you my friend, I will let you use plastic for under $5." It's the little things like that that pay off in the end and get you a 5 star review!
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,2/18/2013,153,254,3,6,4>Am I on the Peninsula right now? Seriously, after a few years living in SF/Oakland, I was of the apparently false impression that all the best beer spots in the Bay are in the cities. Shattering my urban bias, this place is a surprising win for the burbs. An ample and adventurous beer selection, lively and hip clientele, and a German twist that makes for a fun, quirky experience. I had a huge beer (Hopsplosion), a huge pretzel (size of my head!) served with wonderful spicy mustard, and a plate of house pickles. Drooled a little over the fries and sausages that my neighbor ordered - will try those next time. Excited to see lambic (sour) beers on the menu here - so far the only place I've found those is SF's epic Toronado. Haus Staudt, you and I are going to get cozy real quick.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2012,2/17/2013,220,362,7,8,5>Great place to soap up your car when you want to go a step above a gas station car wash, but too cheap or time constrained to go to a full service facility.  It's the cheapest self serve car wash I've used - it cost me $2.76 to do a pre-rinse/soap/rinse, and I think I was pretty thorough (although I probably should do a better job with the scrubbing).  I love the fact you can use a credit card instead of coins so you only pay what you use (hence the $2.76 total).  Add in an extra buck for the interior vacuum and I got a pretty nice wash for the price of a fancy air freshener.  I only wish they offered up some sort of air dry spray or disposable towels for sale, since I realized that I didn't bring any with me after my car was already wet, and therefore had to rely on going 75 on the 101 to get my car dry.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,2/16/2013,275,494,6,10,7>I usually cook my own Japanese curry at home, so I usually am not too excited about going to eat a Japanese curry. But my gf never had Japanese curry, so I took her here for lunch since it's closeby to our work.The restaurant is small and it's pretty popular during lunch time, so it's not somewhere you want to take a large group to, I will say, maximum, party of 4 and do plan to arrive before noon to get seated fast.. Parking is easy in downtown Los Altos, even during peak-lunch-hour, certainly a plus.  There are variety of rice curry dishes and a couple of "noodles with curry based soup/sauce." They also offer the "usual" japanese bento boxes for those who are not interested to eat "curry." The curry rice plates are basically simple, you just pick the type of protein that you like. They have chicken, beef, chicken katsu, pork katsu, shrimp katsu (ebi), and veggie & tofu, etc. For the rice, you have the option to choose either regular white rice or brown rice. All the curry sauce is made using beef broth, so unfortunately it's not for my vegan and vegetarian friends.The curry sauce comes with different heat level. I of course opted for extra spicy and it was delissshhheeeddd, not too spicy, just perfect amount of heat to still enjoy your food. Disclaimer: I'm an avid spicy food eater, so the "hot" maybe too spicy for most.The portion is generous too, smaller stomach could certainly share a plate of the delicious curry rice.I look forward to going back for more curry experience, yumm!
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2012,2/15/2013,183,144,4,10,4>Sweet and Short review:Ordered total of 3 sheets of Baklava for two different events  (work and personal). Everyone said: "DELICIOUS! Where is it from?" And it's gone within an hour. I could probably eat an entire sheet by myself, but seriously, its such a great guilty pleasure.
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,2/14/2013,237,156,3,4,2>I work just down the street from Roberts and shop here quite frequently. I love their fruits and veggies. They try to get things as locally as they can, and I appreciate that. They have a vast organic selection. A huge plus in my mind. It's not a big place, and doing all of your stocks up here just isn't possible. But it's great to stop by for the best niman ranch steaks and fish. the meat and fish counter guys are amazing. They even have (thanks, will) gluten free marinades for their chicken and sea bass now.The downside? The coffee sucks. I'd give anything for mr Roberts to purchase a true espresso machine and barista. He'd make an absolutely fortune!Blanca and Lu, at the checkouts are so sweet. They always remember my name and ask about my family.Did I mention they have yummy frozen yogurt? Yum.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2012,2/13/2013,44,150,2,5,2>Lou to the rescue again! I still can't believe I found such an awesome place from Yelp.For you non-believers, I'll share yet ANOTHER 5-star story from my latest trip to ATL.I admit, I'm lucky. I've owned my car for more than four years now. In that time I've NEVER had my car not start.So last week when I got in my car and heard that horrible clickclickclick noise as I tried (and failed) to start the car, I was pretty upset.I say this as a card carrying AAA member too - my first instinct was to call Lou. It made perfect sense seeing as how my car was at my house and I wasn't stranded. So I called and asked Lou why my car would be making this noise. He told me there were a few possibilities as to why my car was making that noise and that he could only tell me for sure once they looked at it. He then asked me where I was and told me he was sending out a member of the staff to jump my car and follow me back to the shop. I never even asked for that, but I'm sure it never occurred to Lou NOT to offer.So in less than 30 minutes, two people from ATL showed up. They helped me push my car to a place where it could be jumped, and after tinkering around under the hood to make sure it wasn't a starter issue, connected the two batteries. Sure enough, after being connected for about 5 seconds, my car started right up. Dead battery. Not bad for four years of ownership.They follow me to the shop and Lou high fives me, tells me he recognized me on the phone. He has the guys examine my car and test the alternator just to make sure there aren't any hidden problems. He calls around and finds a quality battery for a decent price, and has me fixed up and ready to go in less than an hour. Not only that, he told me if I had any problems with this battery to bring the car back to him - not to try and go through the manufacturer. I think it's great that he's this personally invested in his customers.A note to ATL - y'all better keep Lou. I swear, I go where he goes LOL.
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2012,2/12/2013,35,260,,6,3>Lunch solo.Pastrami melt: tasted great, especially with the hot mustard. The rye bread didn't stand up well to the sandwich press, but it's only a visual issue. I realized another thing that I like about Harry's besides the 100 I already know about, for example, 1. Extra friendly staff with familiar faces; 2. Wonderful  place to go where you get recognized; 3. Great food, great bar; 4. My kitchen away from home, -100 etc.101) But the new realized thing, after being subjected to a Cuban sandwich with *only* Dijon mustard as the mustard choice, is that Harry's has lots of mustard types on the table; you don't even have to ask for it! Deli mustard, Coney Island hot dog mustard, hot Deli mustard, Chinese hot mustard, and sweet hot mustard. Harry's Hofbrau is a traditional place full of fans. It's friendly, warm, and inviting. It is exactly the kind of place you want to meet a friend for a beer or glass of wine. It isn't new, it isn't fancy. It's cafeteria style, but with a flare.Enjoy!
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,2/11/2013,218,243,2,8,2>Came in here a few days before Thanksgiving looking for a winter break trip and Tamara was a huge help. I was limited by the times I could travel, but we were able to find me an amazing trip.I didn't book initially because I was afraid of the investment. But less than 24 hours I was back to put my plans in motion. Unfortunately Tamara wasn't there, but Charles was able to help complete my transaction.  The staff made sure I had all of the necessary paperwork and knew how to get in touch with my tour.Didn't have a single problem on my trip, everything ran smoothly.  I spent two weeks in Southeast Asia - Vietnam, Cambodia, and Thailand.  I took a 9 day group tour through GAdventures and it was perfect.  They arranged all of the buses and hotels, which made my life significantly easier.I will definitely be returning to STA for help planning my next big adventure.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2011,3/19/2012,58,87,6,11,7>There are some universal truths (in my book anyways) when it comes to food - full fat tastes better than nonfat, french fries taste better than steamed potatos and foccacia bread tastes better than whole wheat bread - adding to this is white rice sushi as a general rule tastes better than brown rice sushi. So why 3.5 stars (rounding up to 4)? For me, a great meal usually consists of many things - value, taste of food, ambiance and how healthy/guilty I feel after eating the food.  And Honma did well on many of the above dimensions.Here's my executive summary for Honma - Honma is not a classic sushi place and hence, it should not be evaulated as such.  For me, it is an innovative spin to sushi by retaining the healthiest parts (high quality fish) and trying to improve on the less healthy part by substituting white rice with brown rice.  So, by design, this is meant to be high quality sushi served on healthier grains and not to compete with white rice sushi.Here are the details - I went there for an early lunch by myself - around 11:40 - it was empty.  I ordered the combo which had several pieces of nigiri and came with a miso soup (served in a cup) plus an extra futomaki to go, which had 8 pieces.  What was good:(1) Fish itself is very fresh - definitely high quality fish - this is not the type of place where you need to order things like 'kick-your ass' rolls because the purity and the freshness of the fish itself is awesome - no need for frying of anything and drown the sushi in sauces(2) Fish to rice ratio is good - I don't like places where there's way too much rice for the nigiri - it is meant to be eaten with just one bite(3) Miso soup was good - even though it was served in a paper cup, it was one of the best miso soups I have ever had in my life  (4) Good value - considering it is California Ave in Palo Alto, a $15 lunch is just a great deal(5) Zero guilt factor - you can't help but feel good with all this goodness - fish (omega 3), brown rice (whole grain and fiber) and yes, low rice ratio (low carb) (6) The nice young man at the cash register taking my order was very nice - and took the time to explain to me how the special combos work, etc.  What can be better:(1) Service is slow (but understandable) - there's on sushi chef and he is already working as fast as he can - but it does take a little bit of time to get the food even though I was there early(2) There's zero ambiance - not a big deal - but I'd prefer it if they had at least some proper plates and bowls for the food - again, not a main reason for why you'd come here All in all - I'd say this is a good lunch choice on California Ave for me - but certainly not when I want to splurge on a proper sushi meal.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,3/18/2012,2240,364,5,14,11>This is a fantastic place to hike, camp, and picnic in the redwoods.  It is absolutely majestic and peaceful.   There are plenty of nice shaded trails to choose a day hike from.  We chose the Sequoia Trail and hiked for about 3 hours.  It wasn't too difficult and we got to see Semperviens waterfall.  There are more difficult hikes that can last 6+ hours and other waterfalls to see as well.   There is a nice cafe and gift shop as well.  The frozen yogurt was delicious after a hike on a hot summer day.  You gotta try some.  I can't wait to come back here and go camping!  Entrance fee is $10 i believe.  Plenty of parking available.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2011,3/17/2012,90,588,4,4,6>This is a review by a vegetarianNow contending for best slice on the Peninsula: Golden Boy.It's the same slice as in North Beach but in a more antiseptic setting with more TVs. Strangely, even though there were only 8 people there, it was incredibly loud. The other diners weren't yelling or boisterously laughing, it's just a loud space I think. Anyway, no point in ever setting foot in Zorba's or Red Brick or the other forgettable place on this block.Pizza-my-heart is still good but doesn't offer as much value. It's a different style though so it's still welcome in the rotation.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,3/16/2012,118,299,4,6,6>All organic, local and sustainable ingredients. WINnING!!!this is a wonderfully hidden gem on the Farm.  i'm going to surprise my DH with a lunch date. we'll check out the museum first, find the Thinker, then head over to the COOL cafe for a chillaxing lunch on the patio, alls the while admiring the statues of rodin.  i might even have to wear my fancy sunglasses and make like a tourist in europe ;)had the cobb salad which is artfully presented. love love love5 stars all the way!!
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2011,3/15/2012,358,1030,9,10,9>Their deluxe chirashi made me rethink about my past reviews of Yuzu. I couldn't be happier with the quality. Worth every penny.This place gets all 5 stars for sushi.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2011,3/14/2012,896,808,30,34,32>Serendipity is the wrong name. yelp.com/biz_photos/Z6c5 It should be called "Chocolate Heaven,"  "Cocoa Nirvana," or "Chocogasm." No, that last name is not classy enough. This is a really elegant chocolate, coffee, and wine shop where the proprietors have impeccable taste.This place is freakin' amazing and an appropriate 650th review for me, considering my chocolate obsession! How did I not notice it was here since mid-July?! I know it's new and all, but it's totally my thing, featuring many local, organic, fair trade, artisan chocolates and practically in my back yard. *shaking head*The owners couldn't be nicer, answered my questions, and plied me samples. Today was a day of first times for me: * For the first time, I tried Jacques Torres' famous sipping chocolate. yelp.com/biz_photos/Z6c5 It was thick, rich, creamy, complex, and unlike any hot chocolate I've ever tasted. I loved every sip, and wanted to dive into the tiny cup.* I tasted the first macaron I ever loved! It was the first macaron that was chocolaty enough for me and not overly sweet. There are flecks of chocolate nibs on the outside of the macaron. Made out of almond flour, the French-style macarons are light and airy and melt in your mouth. yelp.com/biz_photos/Z6c5 The L' Artisan Macaron from San Francisco is the bomb. The raspberry macaron is an excellent choice if you're into something other than chocolate - I'm not.  yelp.com/biz_photos/Z6c5I appreciated the selection of local artisan chocolates, from some favorite chocolatiers including Au Coeur Des Chocolats. After enjoying some samples, I bought a box of chocolates from a variety of the best local chocolatiers. yelp.com/biz_photos/Z6c5 This is a first-rate shop for the finer things in life. If you love excellent chocolate, this place is for you.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2012,3/13/2012,751,680,28,37,34>After all of these years living in San Mateo, I finally was able to check this place out, not just once, but twice in a two weeks.  Yeah, there's over 600 reviews for this place already, but I'll add mine anyway. We'd pass by this place many times, but with the crowds waiting outside to be seated, we always end up going somewhere else to eat.  The first time was lunch with just the wife.  The second time, it was with the kids.Table turnover faster around lunch time, so it wasn't a problem getting seated.  On a Friday night however, this place will be packed.  Fortunately for us, we arrived before 6PM before the crowds started coming in.  It's a small restaurant.  Although the tables are pretty tightly packed, we didn't feel claustrophobic because of the partitions set up around the tables.  There are many servers, so food moves efficiently the between the kitchen and tables.  There's pictures of some of the featured item menus, as well as pictures from customers, as well as drawings from kidsIn no particular order, here's what we ordered in our two visits:-Takoyaki (yelp.com/biz_photos/uD5z):  Freshly made, and properly hot with each bite.  Five custardy, slightly doughy bake balls filled with bits of octopus, and topped with a sauce and bonito shavings.-49er Roll (yelp.com/biz_photos/uD5z): Unagi roll topped with salmon.-Lion King Roll (yelp.com/biz_photos/uD5z): crab and avocado roll topped with baked salmon.(Yes, the above two are Jive-Ass rolls, but they were good)-Saba Shioyaki (yelp.com/biz_photos/uD5z): Came with a potato salad, rice and shredded cabbage.  Nicely salted and broiled, and nice crispy edges.  Perfect with rice.-Pork Katsu Curry Rice (yelp.com/biz_photos/uD5z):  Curry was on the thin side, but still very tasty.  Not too spicy.  Perfect for that cold evening.-Small Beef Don (yelp.com/biz_photos/uD5z):  Nicely sized portion if you're planning on ordering lots of small plates.  Braised beef and egg, topped with nori and ginger.  My oldest gave it a thumbs up!-Agedashi Tofu (yelp.com/biz_photos/uD5z):  Lightly battered on the outside, hot and custardy on the inside.  Very good.-Okonomi-Yaki (yelp.com/biz_photos/uD5z): A thick pancake filled with shrimp, mushrooms, onions, and crab.  Topped with a Japanese mayonnaise sauce.  Very hearty, very rich, very filling.-Gyoza (yelp.com/biz_photos/uD5z):  Nice ginger taste with the pork mixture.  Thin skin, but held everything inside well.Great place to order a bunch of small plates to share with everyone in the table.   As mentioned earlier, service was efficient, but friendly.We'll be back!
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2011,3/12/2012,129,311,3,18,9>I found Maria G Housecleaning on Yelp (thank you fellow yelpers!)In addition to Yelp reviews, I always check out the reviewer --how many reviews the reviewers each have, etc.  Maria's was not my first choice because I was hesitant about the low number of reviews from the reviewers.  Don't fret if you have the same concern.This really is as good as it gets and then some.I called for a short notice move out clean, made an appointment for 8am on a Monday, confirmed my appointment the day before, and they arrived with Maria's son and 3 cleaners for the 2 bedroom and 1 bath apartment.1. I showed up a few minutes before 8am and they were already on site waiting for me.2. They did an amazing job with the whole apartment in an hour and a half without any problems.3. The price was more than reasonable.  They take cash or check.4. Maria's son asked me to make sure everything was cleaned to my liking (YES it was) and offered to come back if during the walk through, the property manager wants something more.Two thumbs up!! I know every appointment is different but I very much enjoyed my experience with them and would use Maria G's again.***Not only was the service great and amazing, Maria's son went above and beyond.  The key to the apartment got stuck in the lock and he got it out for me---dont ask, the lock and key look like they are 10 years old.I paid, said my thank yous and they left.  As I was locking up the place, the stupid key got STUCK again!!!  I tried for 10 minutes to get it out without any luck.  I called Maria's son to ask how he did it 30 minutes earlier and I still couldn't get it out.  He offered to drive back (which he did) even though he was already in the next city over.  Now that....that is amazing.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,3/11/2012,219,107,6,8,7>I was very happy with maite. today was my first time coming here and i got a male technician. usually this scares me, because i always find that they are a bit more rough with my cuticles or don't paint them as neat as they should. however, i was really pleased with the results! great service all around - they offer you tea or water immediately when you sit down. do expect to be here a while though... mani/pedi took almost 2 hours! they really took their time, which can be a good or bad thing. mani pedi was $35.almost one week later: im impressed! my nails are holding up well.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2011,3/10/2012,35,247,,5,3>I've had 2 very nice meals at Ephesus.The first time I ordered the Shrimp. It was very good. A lot of food came on the plate (shrimp, veggies, and rice), everything was well-cooked and yummy. The second time, I ordered the Beyti. This has become my new favorite. The tomato sauce is so good. The sauce accompanied with the crispy bread make the dish amazing. I couldn't stop eating!The atmosphere is nice, it feels modern and clean. Service is also great, we've had the same waiter both times. It's definitely a family business, and the waiter is part of the family. You can tell they all really care about the restaurant and put a lot of time and effort into it.tl;dr - good food, nice atmosphere, great service.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2007,12/20/2007,84,420,12,7,4>I've been going to 24hr fitness for a couple years and got sick of the poor facilities.  I've been at Gold's for 6 months so far.  Here are the differences I've noticed:  1) Gold's has 3 classrooms, so you can do yoga, cardio, or spin, while 24hr San mateo has only one class at a time.  2) tkb classes are comparable but tkb is a bit more energetic at 24hr due to the trainers.  Boxing training and capoeira classes at Gold's are much better workouts.  Gold's classes have enough equipment (jump ropes, medicine balls, weights) available for all attendees.3) Gold's has lots of weekend classes extending into the early afternoon for lazy bastards like me who sleep in nursing a hangover.  24hr recently cancelled all the Sunday classes.4) The air conditioning system at Gold's works -- even when the classes are full and it's raining outside.  At 24hr the AC sucks so the place turns into a swamp at the first hint of rain.5) Gold's has tissues, paper towels, plastic bags, and spray bottles available in case you want to wipe stuff down or clean up.  24hr made a token attempt to put up towel dispensers, which are invariably empty if you need them to wipe down equipment.  Mats and equipment at Gold's do not smell funky (yet).  At 24hr mats smell like microwave pizza.6) No pool or sauna at Gold's, and the steam room is tiny.7) Gold's has plenty of parking even at peak times.8) Towel service is available for a few bucks extra at Gold's, and it's usually easy to find lockers.9) I have yet to hear the Pussycat Dolls "loosen up my buttons" song at Gold's.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/10/2007,12/19/2007,289,378,9,10,9>I've been twice and I had the Wine and Roses body treatment. For $195 I think it was really good and took about 2.5+hrs. I was exfoliated with a dry brush and grapeseed, really invigorating. Then clay wrap. Then I rinsed off and was oiled soft. The therapist was thorough and my skin was glowing for a week or so. I don't like the foot soak because one of the times was for a bachelorette party and the feeling was so crowded that I couldn't just relax in the lounge before and afterward and had to stroll around the mall instead.Their spa lotion works really well and I bought a bottle, but I think it has a distinct touch of smell, well, like me. Down there. I dont know if its on purpose or I'm just sensitive. I would go back for that treatment again - but I know not to expect a relaxing lounge environment.
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2007,12/18/2007,477,628,4,8,11>So, I'm in Mr. Smith's one rainy happy hour a couple years back and I see the bartender making this fantastic looking Manhattan for the older couple sitting there and suddenly decide that's what I want to drink. So this guy comes over and I tell him I haven't seen a Manhattan made like that since I was back in Wisconsin. His eyes light up, shakes my hand and tells me that, he too is from Sconnie land and the fine folks sipping whiskey were his visiting parents. That's how I met Eric, and he's probably the biggest reasons I drank too much at Mr. Smith's, because his drinks are phenomenal. So, flash forward to the present and I get a phone call from the man himself telling me he partnered up and got his own bar. I never get down to the peninsula, and I put off cruising down to San Mateo for too long to see this place. It's just like Eric's Manhattans, stylish and well crafted. I finally got down here this past weekend and got a chance to hear the proud owner tell me about the painstaking process he went through personally installing the bamboo floor and the slick wall across from the bar, even sleeping there to get it all finished and polished in record time. But yeah, this is a hell of a lounge. The decor is fantastic, the staff is super nice, the drink menu put together really well and it seems small enough and off the beaten path enough to make it special. If I was in San Mateo more, this would definitely be my happy hour spot of choice to throw back a whiskey or three.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2007,12/17/2007,3,6,2,34,9>We chose to hold our wedding ceremony here because of how beautiful the location is, with the green grass, the "temple" structure sitting behind the shallow pool of water, the cypress trees lining the pool. I'm thrilled with our choice and the guests were amazed at how lovely the spot was.Pluses: 1. Inexpensive - I believe that it was only $150 to reserve this location. Once you've been sucked into the world of Wedding Planning, you suddenly realize what a find it is to get something this beautiful for such a reasonable price.2. The grounds are lovely. We didn't need a lot of flowers to make this place look nice. We just had two arrangements up at the front and then some petals along the aisle, etc. Pretty simple, but the natural beauty of the place made everything look very elegant.3. Great weather most of the year - We visited several times (July, Nov, March, and the wedding day in April) and each time the weather was nice.4. Closed to the public on Saturday, so you have it all to yourselves. No strangers wandering through (like some other more popular area landmarks).5. There's parking for quite a few cars in both the front and back parking areas. Cons: 1. This was a big one for us: only a 2 hour time slot!  We tried to reserve both the morning and afternoon slots (morning to set up and afternoon for the ceremony), but they wouldn't let us - a policy, they said. *sigh*  So it was a rush to get some photos done, chairs and flowers set up, etc. and then the take-down as well. Luckily, everybody arrived right on time (florist, photographer, chairs), and the guy who unlocks the gate was early, so he let us in early, which was very helpful.  2. They don't allow any stakes in the ground, so bear that in mind for tents or umbrellas.  (We used an umbrella that set into a cement block to shade the musicians.)3. No bird seed or rice or other typical "throwing" stuff that will end up lying on the grass. We didn't really care about this, but some people do. 4. No alcohol. This was fine for us; we had the reception at another location.5. No true bathrooms (just port-a-potty type structures), no good place to change into the dress, and no electrical outlets that we could find (for last minute dress or tux pressing, battery recharging, etc.). Again, this was liveable for us, but your mileage may vary. ;-)
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2007,12/16/2007,292,153,6,10,11>Mom and I came in here to find some new jeans when I was having a crappy day.  And retail therapy goes a long way!  While the only thing they had close to fitting me were citizens their huge selection of t-shirts made up for their small jean selection.  A friendly saleslady helped me pick out her favorite shirts and I bought all but one.  Also, I found THE red dress.  The one I've been looking for.  Not too shabby for a random stop by a new shop!  There's one in SF too!
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/14/2007,12/15/2007,35,40,20,6,7>This place is way out of reach of my paltry journalist 's salary, but they were having a big sample sale, so I got my unique ass down to Burlingame.The good: Sheila helped me, and I found her competent, knowledgable and friendly. She didn't blow smoke up my tulle by telling me I looked like a majikal fairy princess in gowns that made me look like assembled sausage links. She gave me some good ideas, and respected my price range and preferences.The bad: They lead you to the dressing room, and you strip under the green glow of a bank of florescent lights. They give you a flimsy bustier to wear. Perhaps I should have gone down the street to The Stacked Bride, because that shit was NOT adequate. Like Mikhail Baryshnikov in White Nights, my boobs were trying desperately to defect those who would hold them down. This caused a few awkward moments between me and Sheila. To her credit, she was utterly professional. I began to think of her like a doctor---she sees this stuff every day, and you KNOW she's seen worse. Also bad: ALL of their samples were in very small sizes---the equivalent of a 6 in street clothes. Look, America is fat, so adapt or die, Unique Bride. I'm going to end this review with a rant, cause I've got a few qustions.  What the hell does the bridal industry have against sleeves? It's all strapless this and strapless that. How many people actually look good in strapless dresses? When did the unveiling of the upper arm fat and the bacne become the hottest trends? Did I miss that issue of InStyle Weddings? And where is the variation in wedding dresses? And isn't it ironic that a place called "The Unique Bride" stocks ONLY cooker-cutter white strapless dresses in tiny sizes? Why? Why? Why?
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2007,12/14/2007,36,38,5,7,6>Wowza.  This place is shoe heaven.  I went yesterday on a recommendation from a friend and it was awesome.  They have a fabulous collection of the latest styles; they even had the pair I was wearing!  The selection is top-notch - I don't think I saw any duds.  Of course you could probably find most of them online or at different boutiques if you scrounged around, but there is something to be said for having such stylish choices presented to you.Their shoes range from $50 to around $200, and I'd say the prices were generally about 10% less than you'd find at a boutique, or somewhere like Nordstrom.  I thought the sales lady was very friendly.  Apparently they try to price under market, and they donate all profits to the Global Fund for Women.Next: there are pedicures in the back!  So you can get your toes done to match the shoes you are purchasing.  They have a special running now, get a pedicure and your friend gets hers free.  Yah.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2007,12/11/2007,340,262,5,17,19>So I rounded up nine Yelpers for lunch...Inside, it's tiny and packed at 1pm -- maybe 35 seats, the largest table seating 6. We're seated in minutes -- we make shifted a long table and a round table together to seat everyone together. We managed to place an order with the one guy working the floor and the dishes (good serving size) start rolling out within ten minutes.Here's the instant review -- I still  taste lunch as I write this:1. Pickled cucumbers - bitter, more salty than sour, I'd pass at $4 -- I'd expect this kind of stuff free.2. Shanghai dumplings - not bad, but also not very memorable.*3. Fish dumplings - the dumplings aren't pretty, and a bit thick, but they taste nummy -- not fishy at all.4. Shrimp and chive dumplings - meaty and very heavy on the chive flavor -- the fish dumplings were better.*5. Sichuan cold noodles - amazing hand-made noodles, but beware those with weak palates: it's very spicy.6. Pork and black been sauce noodles - again, great noodles, but the flavoring is a bit funny-- the soy beans make the dish taste very beany.*7. Cumin lamb - very tasty, not saucy as I anticipated, and the cumin flavor isn't very strong.*8. Green onion lamb - identical dish to the latter, except without green chilis and cumin -- the cumin lamb's better.9. Pork and cabbage rice cake (pancake) - not bad, not too chewy or greasy.10. Pork pancake - more like meat crepe, hot and super nummy.* = House SpecialsMy personal favs: the Sichuan cold noodles and the pork pancake.The service was quick, and everyone must have been starving. Total time from the first dish hitting the table to the last dish being polished off: 30 minutes. A lunch of ten authentic Northern Chinese dishes for nine people, served family style -- total damage: $10 a head, tax and tip included.Amazing? I'd say so.P.S. If you haven't noticed from what we ordered, if you're looking for lemon chicken, sweet and sour pork, and fortune cookies, move along. This isn't the Panda Express you're looking for.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2007,12/10/2007,48,170,2,11,12>I think I was one of the first advocates of Coupa Cafe when it first opened a couple of years ago...  As a student, it was a great place to spend time reading thru cases, chatting with friends, surfing the web, chilling out.  I always made my friends come here for a cup of coffee so I have been (hopefully) successful at creating other followers (^_-)--*When my husband first started his company and didn't have an office, Coupa was where he worked out of and had meetings, or, just met people randomly who eventually became associated with his business.  It is the daytime hangout place for the Silicon Valley entrepreneur crowd, and it is jam-packed with people with cool gadgets talking on their Bluetooth or discussing their "breakthrough business idea".  It has the slightly-geeky-yet-nonetheless-energetic vibe that is unique to the Bay Area.Now that I work, I rarely get to go on weekday afternoons, but my husband and I go to Coupa perhaps twice a week, for breakfast.  We LOVE the bagels here (where do they get it from???  House of Bagels?) as well as the blueberry muffin.  The crepes here are tasty and wholesome, too.  On weekends it gets a little too crowded, but it is still nice to go there (if you can get a table) and hang out and see local friends.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2007,12/9/2007,100,151,9,6,4>No more Five Fish.I'm always freezing. My boyfriend is always hot as balls. If this is the case with you and your S.O., do yourself a HUGE favor and make sure to book a room that has the hot tub AND the cold plunge (Rooms 1,6, 8, 9). Otherwise you'll be dealing with a big whiny whiner harshing on your superb mellow about how hot he is. Grrrr. It's a HOT tub, dumbass. Yeesh.That being said... I love this place and can't wait to go back. For all the things that you know really do go on here, it presents itself as nothing but a 100% classy, upscale spa. Not to mention that the prices are incredibly reasonable. $18-$28 per hour/per person. Suh-weet. I say hot tub. Gonna make me sweat. Gonna make me wet. Gonna get in the hot tub. Gonna get in the wat-tah. Ooo hot in the hot tub. It's hot!11/03/07 Disclaimer: The BF is neither a whiny whiner or a dumbass. These names are used as purely affectionate poetic license... because he got supa mad when he read this Yelp ;o)
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2007,12/8/2007,701,677,9,5,6>This may be the shortest review in my long & distinguished Yelp history...and that's because all I have to say is this...There exists a WALL with olive oil & vinegars that makes me simultaneously cry and drool on myself.  This shall be found at Draeger's.Love.  Pure love.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2007,12/7/2007,935,1053,6,11,12>I've got a secret - I get around.  No, not in the man whore way (although recent behavior may suggest otherwise)  What I mean is I'll go to great lengths to get some good Mexican food.  I frequent taquerias in the city, went to school in Arizona, and have eaten my way around Austin and Mexico on recent vacations.  And the best Mexican food that I've had lately was in...a strip mall in Redwood City?Here's the scenario - family dinner on the peninsula to send my oldest nephew off to college (tangent...David, good luck at U of A!!!) First thing my sister tells me is that I need to try the fish tacos - they have grilled and fried so I order one of each.  I also notice an ala carte tamale tucked away on the back page of the menu so I order one as well.  As the food arrived my sister eagerly dug in to my tamale...she proclaimed it the best tamale she's ever had.  I was skeptical until I took a bite but I have to admit, it was pretty damn good (sorry for cheating, Tina Tamale!)  As for the fish tacos...they were great as well.  The fried fish taco featured chunks of lightly fried fish (which I prefer over one piece of fish fried) and the grilled was as tasty as advertised.The chips and salsa were just ok but with food this good, I really have little to complain about.  When I visit my friends in Austin or my nephew in Tucson I'll make sure and try the local Mexican cuisine again.  But I have a feeling that I'll end up saying "This is good but you gotta try this place in Redwood City!"
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2007,12/6/2007,97,261,5,10,9>-- BAR REVIEW ONLY -- It's definitely not a pick-up place, but they make a damn good drink. We came in after eating elsewhere and sat next to an older gentlemen with a snifter of cognac, a delicate espresso and a half-completed crossword puzzle. It's like you stepped into an old-school, East Coast dive bar with hard-core drinkers and everyone knows your name -- but somehow you're at a hotel bar in Palo Alto. The bartender took obvious pride in his craft and required the same of his staff. I saw him notice a dusty shelf and within five minutes he and two others are removing the items, pulling down the precarious glass shelf, dusting and replacing. Seriously, that impresses me. Mr. Bartender sees something he wants to fix and does it. No questions, no dilly-dallying, no nothing!Alexei, the bartender (the other patrons referred to him by name), made an incredible Mojito and a delicious pomegranate martini. He even indulged us when we asked about making a Caipirinha (he confessed he didn't have cachaca, but would do his best) and then further indulged when we asked questions about unusual-looking liquor bottles on the shelf. When we left, we thanked Alexei and he said, "No problem, you'll be back." Somehow, I think he was right.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2007,12/5/2007,81,60,9,8,10>Joan is my girl...whenever I get a little homesick for Scotland I can go to Ausiellos, talk to Joan, and have a kick ass burger or steak sandwich. The bar is run by a Scottish couple (Joan and Eddy), and their son works there sometimes too. There is an English girl that works there as well, but I think she might have lost a few brain cells because she's very forgetful. Whatever, I love that I can come here on my lunch break and have a beer.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2007,12/4/2007,188,30,24,29,21>THE GISTThis place is better than the Palo Alto Hills Country Club.  Though not cutting edge, the equipment is pristine.  The maintenance staff is one step behind you in wipe-down service -- literally.  There is a surplus of towels.  The grounds are ultra-clean.  The trainers are friendly, capable, and yes, strong and toned (by the way, if you're a Stanford alum or want to grow up to be a wrestler, Brandon Bunke-Quintero is the one you've been searching for).  You will never have to wait to get your heart pumping on the 80+ cardio machines; the variety of music the club plays and the 10+ flatscreens will also assist in that regard. PERTINENT DETAILSCheck in is through fingerprint recognition technology.  The enthusiastic greet staff actually addresses you by name.   With exposed structures, the club dons modernist flair -- especially with brightly colored walls only a sophisticated, gay interior designer can pull off.  Free weights are plentiful yet neatly organized.  The weight machines area, though cozy, is sufficient for even the guru bodybuilder.  Watch out for the few sweaty meatheads, however.  They will make you feel weak and at once depressed... but face it, at least they rack their own weights.The locker room is heavenly (alright, there's some overstatement here).  The music therein is soothing (you've been forewarned of its seductive power: if you're grabbing your gloves or visiting the WC, then keep your headphones on lest the world of relaxation leads you astray).  The steam room is blessed with just the right amount of eucalyptus oil.  The showers are clean, its dispensers brimming full with toiletries, and always available.  The towels... don't get me started on the unending supply of plush, warm towels! EXTRATo be fair, since I am too headstrong (and young?) to attend a group exercise session, I cannot speak to the quality of the classes.  I do note that a variety is offered.  What is more, there is an on-site spa for those with muscle aches, a juice bar for the dehydrated, a clothing shop for the forgetful, and even a computer bar for last minute Yelpers.  Finally -- and this is not a cruel high school joke -- there is a swimming pool on the roof, accessible via elevator.  Now if only Equinox offered swimming lessons as well. MISCELLANEOUSA comment for the car enthusiasts: once out the gym, it's going to look like a German luxury car parking lot.  In fact, if your car isn't German, the Equinox parking lot probably isn't the place for it (I am kidding. That's only true if your car is a Prius.).  On the side of exotics, I have had 4 Ferrari sightings here... although they've been gone along with the valet.  In other words, no worries about dents, because drivers are as respectful as you are. Both Fry's and Footlocker are within 50 yards from the club, in case you forget your pants or need the latest headphones. ALL IN ALLI have not been happier with a fitness club.  There isn't a better $124 spent.
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/13/2007,12/3/2007,264,401,6,13,12>The first time I came to Road Runner I just wanted to check out the store.  I was mainly looking at the clothes...I talked to the shoe guys for a bit and they seemed pretty chill.  The second time I was hoping to just buy insoles for my Nikes.  But when I showed the salesman my shoes, he looked at me like I'd just shown him a pair of flip flops or something.  So they were not up to par with what they sell in the store apparently.  Fine, so I let him do the whole assessment on me.  I stepped on the electronic pad which showed my footprint with pressure points (is it just me or are flat-footed footprints funny?  btw, I have perfect arches), ran around barefoot, and got my feet measured.  So the guy concluded I needed a stability shoe, my left foot's slightly longer than my right, and I have slight knock knees (I don't think so!).  So he brought out 2 pairs of shoes for me...a pair of big old Saucony's that looked like men's shoes and a pair of Brooks that were completely turquoise blue.  Sure, they felt good but I didn't love them and I hadn't planned on buying new shoes that night.  Btw, the guy refused to sell me the insoles.  I guess most people know better than me not to go into the store unless they're seriously looking for a running shoe.  I don't doubt that they're experts in the field, but there are way too many specialty running stores to choose from nowadays that have different types of inventory.  So I ended up buying my new shoes elsewhere.  They definitely try to promote their VIP program by offering 10% off everything to members.  So if you're not a member, prices will seem pretty steep.  I'm not sure how anal they are about members buying things for non-members ...cuz I do know someone who's VIP *wink wink*.  But some of the perks include a 60 day shoe trial and price matching (including online prices).  I'm sure I'll be back, but not ready to be a gung-ho VIP member yet.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2007,12/2/2007,293,735,6,20,11>Open:      M-F 9:30 am - 4:00 pm          Sat-Sun 9:30 am - 4:30 pm The Tomra Recycling Center is in the parking lot of Rite Aid near the 7-11 entrance. I've only come here once or twice because I usually go to the Nexcycle Recycle Center near Mollie Stones, but my cousin thinks they're more generous here. On either occasion that I've brought my bottles and cans here, there has been no wait, and getting paid has only taken a few minutes. CRV price per pound:Aluminum CANS                   $1.55Glass Bottles                         $0.102#1 PET Plastic Bottles         $0.89#2 HDPE Plastic Bottles     $0.51#3 PVC Plastic Bottles        $0.56#4 LDPE Plastic Bottles      $2.21#5 PP Plastic Bottles           $0.55#6 PS Plastic Bottles           $3.88#7 Others Plastic Bottles    $0.51Bimetal                                   $0.30The good thing about Tomra versus Nexcycle is that according to the website, they buyback more than just aluminum cans, glass bottles and PET bottles. I guess now I know where to bring my empty gallon milk cartons that Necycle always rejects. Also, on the website it says that you don't have to take off bottle caps, but in my experience, you always have to take them off.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2007,11/30/2007,130,304,6,9,6>After reading a thread about the infamous "Fred's Steak", I couldn't get it off my mind. Yes I think about steak that much!!! OK so I took a drive up to Stanford Mall today to check it out. The store is very clean and the meats are very well presented. The butcher that helped me was very helpful telling me how long to cook the Fred Steak for. I also bought some sausage for my next cooking project too. There were three grades of Fred Steak available. A standard for 12 dollars/lb, a prime for 18 dollars/lb and a Kobe beef version for 28 dollars/lb. The top two grades were in vacuum sealed packages. I bought a 2 pounder of the prime grade Fred.Now to the Fred Steak. We had it for dinner tonight. Cooked at 375 for about 45 minutes. It looked like a huge lump of charcoal when it came out. I was skeptical. We let it rest as long as we could but like ravenous wolves we tore into it face first. Just kidding but I could have. I sliced it against the grain and served up some slices for T. and myself. Now I have had the prepackaged Morton's tri tip from Costco and it does not hold a candle to a Fred Steak in juiciness and flavor. Fred has passed on according to the little information flier that comes with the steak but he is immortalized in the infamous Fred Steak. I can only hope to have something to be remembered by.
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/2/2007,11/29/2007,1928,1761,6,7,5>Matt had an infrequent evening off and planned a dinner with the four of us. As leader of the Fantastic-4, Mr. Fantastic ordered wife hurried and helped the kids with their homework. While she does that, Matt plays with their 64 color Crayola crayon set.As a one-dimensional family in terms of ethnic food, we decided to switch the variations up and decided on Thai. Wife and kids has very negligible tolerance on spicy food, so Matt decided to take it easy on the spiciness.Burlingame's Thai restaurant is not too far from the noisy and busy Cal Train station, and we managed to park our van within a few blocks in between the two busy locations. Walking to the restaurant on Howard Ave. is nice and very amusing.As expected, the restaurant was filled to capacity and we had to wait a bit for a table for the Fantastic-4. And as obedient and well-disciplined, we never whine, and accept the busy moment of the restaurant. Many of patrons dined there with the dates or loved-ones, like us.After waiting nearly 30 minutes, we were finally seated. We started with the Siam Satay as our opening appetizer. The $8.00 dish had 4 piece of grilled chicken on a charbroiled skewer and a nutty peanut-sauce for dipping. We also had Coconut Bay Soup. The $9.00 soups, which had broiled chicken and galanga in a savory coconut soup, serves two, but was good enough for the four of us.Now for the entrees; we ordered a Garlic beef dish, coconut bay trout and dish of the vegetarian combo.  The $9.00 beef dish contains a sauted beef with garlic and Thai-spice seasoning. The $12.00 trout was fried blanketed with a spicy chili sauce and garnished with traditional basil florets. Also, we got to have our veggies and the $9.00 plate had a variety of seasonal veggies (broccoli, green-beans, onions and mushrooms). The two adults had a bowl of $2.00 Brown Rice and the kids each had the standard Jasmine rice for a $1.00 a bowl. The plates were a tad too spicy for the three, but acceptable. Oh yes, Wife had two $5.00 bottles of Singha Thai beer to extinguish the spiciness from her bud, and three of us had iced-water.And yes, for dessert we wanted the sticky rice and mango, but they were out of mangoes. So we settled with the Fried Banana and Vanilla Ice-cream. The $5.00 dessert had a mixture of freshly deep-fried bananas and cold Vanilla Ice cream, which makes the combo unique. Do you guys should take a guess on who ate most of the desserts?The food was good, but a tad too spicy for the three to handle. Matt is horrible at Math, and couldn't add up the total for our average meal. The wait as expected seemed like an eternity, but what do you expect for dinner? Matt's goal was the rice and mango, but must wait another time or get a rain-check from this place or elsewhere. More importantly, with Matt's awkward work schedule and rare day-off, the goal is just to enjoy the moments with his family.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2007,11/28/2007,249,513,11,9,12>$28 for a pound of steamed prawns?$36 for a tiny steamed fish?$133 before tax for a 3 person dinner?FOOK YOU, FOOK YUEN!!but damn it was good. my family used to eat here all the time before the sudden blow up of other chinese restaurants in the area like zen peninsula, the kitchen, and the new asian pearl. but fook yuen has survived and has retained its following. the restaurant still keeps busy and the quality of the food hasn't suffered at all. too bad the seafood prices have!
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,11/1/2013,93,292,14,5,6>ahahahaha as I write this review I can't help but laugh. As I was walking near the meat counter, some soccer mom in Lulu Lemon pants asked in a high pitched voice, "Do you guys sell salmon?" The guy behind the counter looked so confused, "Simon? No. Who Simon?" He yelled for another guy and asked him, "Que es Simon? No se." The other guy asked the lady what she wanted, and she said as slowly as she could, "Saaaaaaaaaaa---monnnnnn." His response, "OH! Salmon! No. We don't sell salmon here." Which leads me into my review.THIS IS A TRIED AND TRUE CARNICERIA, FOLKS! Don't come here trying to find escargot, filet mignon, and Kobe beef for your Atherton dinner party. ORALE !Whether you're cooking menudo or preparing tortas, Chavez Supermarket has you covered. They offer a variety of meats, Hispanic/Latino seasonings/spices, vegetables, and Hispanic/Latino branded groceries.The employees are friendly and will help you as much as they can.I've yet to try food from the Taqueria, but I hear it's great!
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2013,10/31/2013,76,240,,5,3>My new favorite coffee joint in the area. This place definitely screams indie hipster coffee house. I needed a place to go to get work done and Backyard Coffee is a great place to go. It's off the busy DT Redwood City strip and has decent parking in the back. It's a small parking lot but there is plenty of street parking. The coffee house atmosphere is very nice, they have couches, tables, and plenty of outlets for your computers. It's very quiet and calming, so you can get your work done in peace. The best thing about this place is that they offer stumptown coffee. Stumptown is known in the northwest regions in Portland and Seattle. I just recently took a trip up there and was going through coffee withdraws. I was so happy to find this place served it. If you've never had stumptown coffee, come here and try it. Stumptown is pretty comparable to SF coffee places like Blue Bottle or Ritual. Another plus is they offer you cronuts. I've never had a cronut before but It's the huge craze going on in food right now and I can see why. Crunchy like a croissant and sweet like a donut, it was delicious! Also, service is helpful and nice here. My only complaint is that prices here are a bit pricey. You pay around 4-5$ for a regular latte and the cronuts are 3$.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,10/30/2013,153,133,2,8,7>Haha; I have to admit that writing a review for a Police Department is a bit odd! Honestly the Los Altos Police Dept. really deserves all 5 stars.Unfortunately I needed to file a police report; so I stopped by late on a Friday. Despite the late hour I got nothing but smiles and excellent service. About a week later a detective followed up with me to keep me up-to-date on the investigation.When it came time to pick up my report; I was able to print out the required request forms on-line which saved me tons of time!Great job Los Altos PD!Cheers!
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2013,10/29/2013,34,49,3,11,5>I was excited at the opening of this spa, as it is in my neighborhood. I was not let down! Went in for the Pure Bliss treatment, and rest assured that it is aptly named.  It started with the use of the amenities, which are amazing, then the body scrub. It was a very thorough scrub and I can tell you I've never felt that clean in my life!!!  The massage was also pretty intense, so if you are looking for a less pressure, let them know ahead of time. I found the pressure to be very therapeutic and left feeling great!This was an amazing deal, it was like having a full spa day for the price of one treatment!
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2013,10/28/2013,93,447,4,6,6>For 2013 - I am in my quest to visit and discover the best of the best "Mom's & Pop's" coffeehouse whenever possible! My visit with Three Bees was stellar customer service. They were fast, got me in and out, and viola - my cappuccino was done, and service with a beautiful smile both from the owner and from his staff. This is a cute coffee shop with a few tables and chairs and a couple of places to sit outside too. They do sell coffee beans from what I saw - Italian was the big selection.Three Bees is located in downtown San Mateo surrounding many good places to eat. So come here after a good dinner, or simply enjoy your afternoon drinks.Cheers ~
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,10/27/2013,40,38,2,17,8>We stumbled across Broadway Masala after a show, stopped to look at the dinner menu and decided to give it a try. The prices are a bit higher than some other Indian restaurants, but considering the prime location on Broadway, we figured it has to do with rent costs. We had beer, papadum with two chutneys (cilantro/mint and molasses/tamarind?), butter naan, rice, palak, bhindi and rogan josh. I LOVED the spinach and the addition of water chestnuts was brilliant. The okra was crispy and toasted- not mushy in the least! The rogan josh had good heat and was a nice portion of nice lamb chunks. Everything was wonderful. WONDERFUL! Service was polite, friendly and attentive. I can't wait to go back to try the butter chicken and the dal... if I can keep from ordering the same thing twice. Don't shy away because the prices might be $2 or $3 higher- it's worth it! You won't be disappointed.
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,10/26/2013,116,239,,6,1>PROS:-pretty big farm-ponies, ducks, sheep, rabbits-jump house-train ride-tractor ride (pulled by a real John Deere tractor)-a variety of pumpkins in the fall-beautiful sunflowers in the summer-picnic tables available-during the late to early summer of 2013 everything was half off because there were so many people who bought the Living Social Deal. But because they were unable to accommodate everyone who wanted to host a birthday party, they made everything 50% off (ie: it usually is 6 tickets for a pony ride but it's been 3 tickets)CONS:-can be chaotic depending on when you go-$3 for parking in the fall (we went in the summer and it was free)-dealing with the crazy potential traffic due to the one lane to and from Half Moon Bay-those $1 tickets add up if your child wants to do it allTIPS:-come early (they open around 10:30 AM) and leave early-check the weather (it can be sunny and warm in San Mateo but overcast and quite cold in Half Moon Bay...sometimes it's really like night and day)-bring snacks (or even pack a lunch) for your kid Overall a nice family owned farm. I have to admit, some of the props do need to be repainted or replaced. However, you have all your basics here. The older gentleman (not the owner) was really sweet and courteous. So were the ladies working at the ticket booths in the fall. Some of the workers who run the attractions don't really have any expressions. They just don't look all that happy to be there. But my daughter always enjoys coming and this place feels less commercialized than Lemo's across the street (which we've also been to before).
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,10/25/2013,49,58,5,3,4>This is my boss' favorite spot for lunch when we're at work. And for good reason.It's a little bit tucked away because you have to go up a flight of stairs outside to access it, which means basically no one sees it from the street. But the location doesn't keep people from flooding the place during lunch - people definitely know about it probably because the food doesn't disappoint. The staff here are extremely friendly, courteous, and professional as well.I mostly get the sandwiches here. The mango chicken, parisian, and tri-tip sandwich are all good. They also have entrees like lasagna, salmon, enchiladas, and a myriad of salads. They  frequently have different specials so you can always count on seeing something different every time you come. The last time I came there was a flank steak sandwich, which was delicious!Another reason why the last time I came was so great (and thus compelled me to write this review), is because it was the first time I tried a dessert. My team was there for lunch and I got a peanut butter rice crispy. Needless to say, it was amazing and my boss thought so too. After we finished it, he looks up at us and says, "You guys wanna get another one?" Upon our affirmation, he jumps up and goes back inside to order. We see him laughing and smiling at the staff as he orders.Then he comes out with two more.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,10/24/2013,35,108,3,5,4>I came here for Sunday brunch with family and had an amazing meal with wonderful service. There was a 30 minute wait for a table so we put our name down and strolled through the farmers market to get a few things. When we got back to Pastis our table was ready. The brunch/lunch menu is impressive and pretty large. They have many breakfast/brunch staples, but with French flair and as a lover of French food I was thrilled. I was torn between ordering the Croque Madame or an omelette (even more so when our kind waiter let us know the specials!) I ended up ordering the Croque Madame and am glad I did! It was truly authentic and accompanied by a side of perfectly cooked french fries (they were the perfect balance of crisp and soft) I tried some of my mom's salmon omelette which was delicious as well.  The sandwiches are also delicious, especially because they use fresh baked bread. It's clear Pastis uses really fresh, high quality ingredients and the prices are totally reasonable. I'm looking forward to coming for dinner or brunch/lunch again. If you're a lover of French food and wonderfully prepared dishes I highly recommend Pastis!
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,10/23/2013,349,263,7,8,7>The sandwiches were fabulous and the level of service was unheard of for a mom and pop shop, or most restaurants for that matter. The freshly baked Dutch Crunch bread hugging my tender roast beef sando was amazing. The flavor-packed tomatoes were drip-down-your-chin juicy. This cute little deli is totes amaze compared to any Subway or Togo's. We ordered the Plaza Club, Avocado Delight and Hot Roast Beef and Cheese. We weren't aware of the cash only policy, but Sam, the owner, generously offered to let us figure out the payment after the meal. After the sandwiches were made and his wife came by to drop off our order, she didn't mention anything about the money. We were able to enjoy our sandwiches without the pit-in-stomach burden of debt looming over us. However, after grinding on those yummy sandos, we got some cash to settle our bill. Look for the "Plaza Deli" sign on the street. We would have missed the driveway otherwise. There's another sign in the parking lot too, which helped us to select one of the parking spots nearest the deli. We'll definitely be back for more sandwiches! Thanks for blowing my mind, Sam and wife!
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2012,5/9/2012,218,243,3,6,4>Asian Box was kind enough to move in across the street from campus so I decided to give it a shot. Their hours are still a bit up in the air, so the first time I stopped by they were closed. But that didn't deter me, I went back the next day (and thank goodness I did, such a great place!).There are quite a few menu choices so you can make plenty of combinations. Since I'm a veggie (for the time being), I asked the employees what options went best with the tofu. They steered me toward the brown rice, wok spiced veggies, and peanut sauce with Asian dust. So freakin delicious.  Next time I'm going to branch out and try the rice noodles since I hear they are great as well.I found the portion to be quite large (meaning I probably shouldn't have eaten it all at once...), but the price wasn't too outrageous. I will be going back often!
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2011,5/8/2012,502,315,4,7,5>I can't express how great the curry is here. I craveeee it often, and it's always so satisfying. It's the perrrfect spice and spiciness together. The owner makes her own curry mix, which takes hours to cook and perfect.The KATSU curry (medium spicy) is amazing, as it should be since it's on the 7x7 big eats list. The portions are huge too! If you're a person who likes veggies, get a side order, because it literally comes with katsu pork, rice, and curry with a little dish of pickled goods. I also really enjoyed the salmon curry. That was the perfect portion for me. I LOVE drenching everything in curry saucy sauce sauce. I could freakin' drink that thing if it was a curry rice soup. Usually people get medium spicy, know that the spiciest one is REALLY spicy. Even the medium spicy is pretty hot, so I suggest first timers getting that just to test your palette first. Because trust me, you'll be back. It's a perfect lunch spot, except it's small so go early and don't go with a huge party. Afterward, walk down the street to Satura Cakes for some awesome pastries and cakes to complete your Japanese experience. Not only is the food great, its in an awesome location with 3 hour parking spots in Los Alto downtown. It's not crowded in Los altos so it's a great escape because Mountain view and Palo alto downtown gets super crowded during lunch time. Highly recommended!
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2012,5/7/2012,46,131,,4,4>I was at work a few hours ago and in excruciating pain from a pesky molar.A co-worker recommended that I go and see Dr. Medefesser.He even gave him a call for me to see if he was available.He said he was getting ready to head out, (it was 7, they close at 5) and Dr. Medefesser said he would wait for me.I sped over there and was welcomed into the office by the Doc himself.The office is very nice.Nice lighting, warm colors, pretty decor.No one goes to the dentist because of the interior decorating.People go to the dentist for one of two reasons: 1) routine checkup, or 2) they're in pain.Unfortunately for me, my situation was the latter.As luck would have it, because I had waited so long to be seen, my problem was too far gone.My molar had to be extracted.Now, I am not new to this.I have had teeth extracted before, twice before to be precise.Hands down, this time was the fastest, least expensive, and all accompanied by virtually no pain!How does he do it?!?!Despite the circumstances, the visit was relatively pleasant.So now, I sit here at home, watching Old School with gauze in my mouth, and I am writing to you fine people of Yelp to inform you of my experience.It's hard to find a good dentist, but a good dentist is definitely great to find.:D
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2012,5/6/2012,144,355,3,5,2>Wow awesome hot pot and so filling. We were a group of five, and they only take reservations for six or more, but we were seated fairly quickly in a pretty crowded dining room on Monday night. We went for the split pot, half spicy, though we kept overfilling our pot and both sides were kind of the same by the end. Probably look to a plate of meat per person, we were way over on ordering. The fish and meat balls are great, and the enoki mushrooms are great in hot pot. I like the pork blood, and the tripe, goes great with the spicy pot.  Sauces are key too.  Udon is great at the end.Expect some splashing, don't wear white or nice clothes :)
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2012,5/5/2012,613,401,4,5,3>Nice place for an intimate dinner with friends or a romantic date. Came here to try their tapas so we sat at the bar area. I have to admit that I am not very familiar with Spanish tapas, so was a little overwhelmed by the many choices they offer on their menu. Looking at the menu with the prices, it sort of reminded me of eating at a dim sum restaurant as the prices are comparable, sans the moving cart with the dishes for us to look and pick. We ended up picking 7 tapas dishes including pork shoulder, scallop, sardines, veal, cod, smoked salmon, eggplant and a potato cake. Everything was tasty and the portion was just right for us two girls. There is also this cheese scones they serve, which were warm, cheesy and yummy. We thought this was complimentary, but after looking at the bill, I noticed they charged $2.95 for it, possibly for the 2nd that we requested.The service was good too. My only complaint is that the place was very dimly lighted. There was a small candle at our table but it was still too dark for me to see the exact details of every dish. I suppose this is conducive to an intimate or romantic meal. However given that I am not so familiar with the tapas and being a foodie as I am, I would have liked to be able to see the presentation of the plate and what's on the plate  before I start chowing down. At one point we saw a dish coming and thought it was the pork shoulder. After we both tried a bite, we figured out it was the smoked salmon instead of pork. The service was good, the parking was easy, and the menu is extensive. This will definitely be a date spot on my list.
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,5/4/2012,258,441,3,6,3>Loving every sip since August 2010.  After moving to Redwood Shores in October 2010 so we could be closer to Domenico... No, I'm joking, but seriously... we did. We love L-O-V-E love heading down the street on an afternoon to taste what's new at Domenico.  There is always something!  Zak & I finally stopped the ridiculous cycle of denial we were stuck in and became official Wine Club Members.  Like we really needed another excuse to spend our afternoons with Mike in the Tasting Room?  haha We've never been able to walk out without taking home at least 2 bottles of something delicious.  I thought the day would never come that we would finally be able to pick up our FUTURES purchase of the Lodi Cab Franc last year.  Mike told us that he wasn't going to let us pick it up until Christmas because if he released it too early he knew we would open it and it just wasn't ready yet.  LOL.  Oh was he right!  This past weekend we were in to pick up our first WIne Club Member bottles and we happened upon a Barrel Tasting.  YUMMY!! Case of that, please!  A new Cabernet!  The savings is RIDICULOUS & we just can't say no!  I cannot be more serious when I say that this winery is the only winery that I can say I enjoy every single blend!  one exception?  This past weekend I tried the "Meritage".  It was... to me... a basic red wine.  It was still good, but I was surprised that it wasn't AMAZING.  Because, honestly... they all are.  Get in there and prepare for a romantic getaway for your pallet!  Mmmmmm My newest favorite?  Montepulciano
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,5/3/2012,401,113,8,4,5>Still never fails to entertain me when I take people here. Their first reaction is always - "Are we getting gas?" No my friend, we are getting the best tacos of your life. Converted many a person into taco-lovers at this location. Love you man.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2012,5/2/2012,641,501,4,13,8>One word: Delicious.Tasty Treats aka Lily's Creperie is a tiny little shop with a husband and wife team.  They have gelato and thai ice tea and most importantly, delicious, fresh made crepes priced reasonably.  Oh, there's also 10% off when you check in on Yelp.The only thing that makes them lose a star is that since the shop is tiny, there's not much seating.  There's a cute little outdoor patio with two tables, but, totally in the shade so it's breezy even on a warm day.  So, if it's cold out, bundle up before you come!
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,5/1/2012,213,599,13,12,8>iHungry so iDrove from Millbrae to Redwood City for some "I Dumpling" ! For those who live in the city, this place used to be owned by a nice Taiwanese lady who named it after Formosa Bento House. She did not make it through our crazy economic crisis and decided to shut her business down. Fast forward, some nice gentlemen took over the place and renamed it w/ I Dumpling! Although I think it would be more unique if they called it "I (heart) Dumplings!" Anyways, this place is now serving noodles and dumplings. This is suppose to be the new hit spot to take over the crazy expansions of San Francisco's "Dumpling King / King of Noodle" owner.  What did I order? - Beef Noodle Soup (Spicy version)- Lamb Dumplings- Cold Cucumber Dish Marinated in Chopped Garlic- Preserved Vege + Shredded Pork NoodlesCold dish came first! Cucumbers were very tasty and fresh w/ a slight smell of garlic aroma everytime you take a bite! I loved this and it reminded me of Taiwanese Cold Dishes. My "Beef Noodle Soup" came a few minutes after. Drink a teaspoon of the soup first to test the taste. Guess what? Hit the spot and felt like it tickled my tongue while my left hand reach for another spoon and my right hand dug into the noodles w/ the chopsticks. Bite after bite, the chewy/ bouncy/ tender/ Q noodles got me slurping in rhythms of the Blue Man Group. The best? Take a big of the noodles, drink some soup and put a nice chunk of cucumbers in your mouth and slurp away! Loved it! Satisfy! Lamb dumpling were pretty decent. It did not get me like it would at "Kingdom of Dumplings." KOD in the sunset has special hotsauce which I personally love. Also the inner souls of the dumpling has a very strong aroma and after taste of lamb. That's the type of Lamb Dumplings I like. The dumplings here missed a little of that after taste. I did not have the right hot sauce and the skin was a bit over cooked. But, it still satisfied my cravings.I had a small bowl of the Preserved Vege + Shredded Pork Noodles. Hit the spot as well. It's perfect when your tired and want some comfort style noodle soup. In the end? ----- I (Love) Dumplings! *Wished they had a choice of noodles. For example; "thick noodles, thin noodles, knife cut noodles"*Wish they changed hotsauce for the dumplingsWonder what Steve Jobs would say if he ate here! We shall sue you for using "I"
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2012,4/30/2012,836,728,8,11,10>LAMB CHOPS!!!I'm only a fan because of their lamb chops! They never seem to disappoint me!! If it's your first time dining here, the only thing you need to get is the LAMB CHOPS, not the Lamb Shank! I promise you, it'll be worth it! :)This place is always, always crowded and super noisy on any given night. We had 9:30pm reservations on a Saturday for my birthday dinner and the place was still packed!! We came a little before 9pm and they were able to immediately seat us! It was unusual that the owner of the restaurant had to come and talk to our table telling us that they're going to make room for this big group that's going to occupy our section. The owner offered us free dessert, so we said sure. But I kinda wished the big loud group didn't take up so much room or come at all. We felt really cramped by our table and annoyed. The group was extremely loud and obnoxious, making the free dessert and experience not really worth it. =\FYI- On another note, I've noticed whenever I make opentable reservations via yelp. I don't get any dining points from opentable. Booo. So if you want your opentable points, I recommend booking it through the opentable app on your smartphone or through the opentable website (NOT YELP).
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2013,10/22/2013,275,494,7,9,6>I've passed by the restaurant so many times, but the restaurant looked super tiny from the outside and I thought it would be super stuffy and uncomfortable inside that I never paid a lot of attention to trying to get in.One Sunday, my gf and I were looking for just a spot to have a light bite so we decided to check it out. I was so surprised as I entered the place, I was brought back to the 80s. What a cute classic looking diner! The food looked very old fashioned to which I found very intriguing as nowadays, in the Silicon Valley area, modern cuisines including brunch food have been modernized and fushionized! I ordered the french toast and my gf got the pancake. The french toast was probably the best I've had at a diner! They soaked the bread so well that the custard really flavored the bread and yeah, they use REAL BUTTER! YUMMMMMM!!!! I also had a bite of my gf's pancake, yummm.. fluffy and delissshhhhheedd.The best thing was that the prices of their menu were very very affordable!!! Most of the brunch plates were less than $8. It was very surprising since the diner is located in downtown MP AND the neighboring Draeger's cafe sells them for over $10.I'll certainly come back again!!!PS: it's quite popular so the restaurant does get filled up FAST during rush hours. Choose to sit at the counter and you'll get seated FASTER as most diners are either a group of old folks and families and they prefer booths/tables.
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,10/21/2013,249,96,20,23,22>This place is a diamond in the rough specializing in dishes from Hunan, a province in South Central China which is known for its smoked meats and liberal use of chili peppers and garlic. It is a small establishment that does not offer much in terms of space or decor, but what it lacks in these areas is made up by the exquisite food it serves, which is affordable, unique and most importantly - delicious.The xia long bao is perfectly made and each tiny morsel is plump with just the right amount of broth inside, unlike those that I tasted in other places which tend to be dry. Another dish that I like is fish fillet sauteed with cloud ears fungus in vinegar sauce. The slightly sweet and sour sauce makes a brilliant contrast with the firm fish and crunchy texture of the fungus. Then there was the Hunan hot and spicy pork shoulder which featured tenderly braised chunks of meat in a sweet and tangy sauce surrounded by Chinese greens. This is a generous dish best shared between 2 or more people. This restaurant also specializes in Mao's family dishes, a style of cooking favored by the former leader. These tend to range from stir fry to hot pot. One of its most popular renditions is a dish made with pork, red oil and 8 spices known as "bao now yueh" which I will try in a future visit.
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,10/20/2013,13,45,2,4,2>My husband and I came here on a Thursday night after looking at a few other places on Castro St for sushi- the other 2 we looked at didn't have very many rolls and seemed to be predominantly sashimi.  There was plenty of seating.  The hostess is very sweet and friendly, as was our extremely attentive (but not annoyingly so) waitress.We ordered a couple of drinks- I loved my sake sangria!  Husband had a tequila/vodka mixture from the menu, he enjoyed it as well.  Started off with the garlic edamame, which was excellent!  I'm not too crazy about tons of garlic, my husband is and we both loved it.  It sounded strange at first but I would definitely recommend it.The miso soup was ok, nothing to write home about.  The tofu was a little mushy, I prefer mine to be a bit more firm.  It pretty much instantly dissolves in your mouth.The samurai roll- wow- definitely on my top 3 rolls I've ever eaten!  It's tempura shrimp with cucumber, topped with crab, scallops and tobiko aioli (so good!).  Definitely try this.  Husband ordered a dragon roll- it was ok.  He hates cucumbers and the menu didn't say it had them in it- waitress said it's like the Red Dragon roll but not spicy.  Red Dragon description didn't say anything about cucumbers... if you really don't like an ingredient just double check w the waitress to make sure your roll doesn't have it, the descriptions are not 100% complete... We finished off with the yuzu creme brûlée. It was very good!  You can taste the yuzu but it is not overpowering.  Enjoy!
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,10/19/2013,100,285,75,80,77>If you don't find what you want at the front door, sometimes its better to go around to the back door before you try another place entirely...Mora Trail is a "back door" into Rancho San Antonio Open Space Preserve.Northern California has some of the most beautiful hiking/running venues ANYWHERE!  Many are within spitting distance of major urban centers, but the usual rule of thumb is: the more beautiful and pristine the venue, the more remote it is.  Covering 3,988 acres, Rancho San Antonio Open Space Preserve has always been something of an exception to this; nestled in the foothills below Skyline Ridge, the terrain is beautiful, varied, and honeycombed with trails.  The trail difficulty ranges from flat, paved stretches tame enough for the most fragile grandma, to kick-ass ascents that would leave Rambo gasping; small wonder that Rancho is one of Santa Clara County's most popular parks.The down side of Rancho San Antonio is that it gets crowded near the entrances - ridiculously so on the weekends.  On most Sunday mornings, even the PG&E trail leading up from the Equestrian entrance has families stacked twelve deep, and Downtown Disney on July 4th seems almost empty by comparison.Because the trailhead is more than a little off the beaten path, and parking is strictly forbidden within a half mile radius of it, yelp.com/biz_photos/mora Mora Trail is not for any but the most serious hikers and runners.  For those who are decidedly not faint of heart, it offers back door access to Rancho's pristine, little-used trails; the ones that start miles from the two main entrances and are clear on the opposite side of The Farm.  This is NOT the place to go if you want to wheel your stroller into the petting zoo, or try out Grandma's new walker!  There are many routes you can follow once you leave the relatively short Mora Trail and enter Rancho proper; anything from a one or two mile out-and-back to an all-day excursion is yours for the taking if you're serious about avoiding the crowds.  The route that follows is one Ive been enjoying quite a lot lately; its a beautiful loop through several trails that ends with a double-back that deposits you back at the trailhead after just under an hour and fifty minutes at a brisk hiking pace: 1) Right at the trailhead entrance.2) Left toward Ravensbury Trail.3) Right at the fork, then straight across the path to the sign; up toward Wildcat Loop Trail.4) Right toward Wildcat Loop Trail.5) Left and up toward Upper High Meadow Trail.6) Left and down toward Upper Wildcat Canyon Trail.7) Left and up toward Wildcat Loop Trail.8) Left and down toward Wildcat Loop Trail; double-back begins.9) Across the path then immediately left at the fork; your going correctly when you're heading 90 degrees away from all the arrows on the sign.10) Right and up to Mora Trail; return to the trailhead and exit.Teal'c, my yellow Labrador Retriever, would absolutely love this place!  Unfortunately, as in all of Rancho San Antonio Open Space Preserve, no pets are allowed - unless you have a pet horse.  Maybe if I buy a saddle for Teal'c, nobody would notice - he certainly wants to eat enough to pass for a horse...
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2013,10/18/2013,127,542,3,3,3>Love this place and even better it's walking distance from our apartment! We've been here a few times for dinner and I'm going to keep coming back - great food, nice staff and cheap! This place is fairly small with outdoor seating and also indoors. It's great since the kitchen is open, so you know no shady business is going down when they're making your food.I've tried a few things, but I really like the tortas! Yum, I got a chicken torta and it was just the right size. The bread was tasty and filled with meat! It also came with lettuce and tomatoes. I recently had the Fiesta tostada which is a generous portion! This isn't your regular tostada, it's a crisp corn tortilla loaded with beans, lettuce, tomatoes, meat, olives, avocados, cheese and black olives. Boyfriend has had the chicken super burrito which he liked and was also a large portion. Oh and we've also shared the regular nachos (no meat) and it was good, nothing out of the ordinary.There are other items on the menu like quesadillas, tacos and combo platters. Prices are cheap tacos are $2.50 and up and combo plates are between $8-12.  Love having this local place around, great Mexican food and at a good price!
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,10/17/2013,89,155,5,6,6>You would expect this kind of restaurant in SF. Cool interior, organic and local california cuisine.We hadLamb gravy poutine with cheese curds - SOOOOOOOOO good, rich and gooey!Cauliflower gnocchi- subtly bright hints of lemon with smooth Hanger Steak-rich and meatyBread pudding-subtly sweet Very cool and chic vibe, a new regular for me.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2013,10/16/2013,852,371,2,5,3>Back again at Pasta Moon after a few years. Restaurant looks renovated and changed from a more "country-ish" type of feel to more classy. Still at an awesome location in downtown Half Moon Bay. Started off with Olives (skip this one) and the steamed P.E.I. mussels (great with bread!). I decided to try the Butternut Squash and Mascarpone Raviolli - really really good.Great service, as usual, and we enjoyed their desserts. Excellent establishment in downtown HMB and price is just right.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,10/15/2013,151,122,3,4,2>NEVER FAILS TO AMAZE ME HERE.Sure, they are packed, but take a look at any prime rib place... They're always packed. Would you really want to walk into an empty restaurant? It's probably not the most quiet place ever, maybe because of how loud I am, I don't care. It's just a comfortable place overall if you're NOT looking for a bad time. Seems like a lot of people just make up excuses for a bad night. I've always gone in with good friends, have a great meal, walk out nothing but satisfied.The steak in my books are rated top TWO in the bay area. But nothing beats the service here... Michael is a champ! Ken is the man! Sixteen ounce steak, bottle of wine, wrap it up with some tiramisu. Life, just can't get any better than that.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2013,10/14/2013,84,122,3,4,5>The food here tastes fresh fresh fresh. If I were vegetarian I would eat here everyday. So much variety to pick and choose from ( just look at their front display case). I got the veggie combo and got to sample the Moroccan eggplant stew, the beets, hummus and babaganoush. I loved everything, especially the eggplant which had a nice cummin flavor. Also tried the chicken shwarma plate and liked it as well although not as much as the veggie.  the service is quite slow but that is because they are a small family run restaurant. The drinks are a must. I thought the Airen was creamy yet refreshing. It's nice to have a yogurt drink that is not overly sweet. Would love to come back to try other dishes.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,10/13/2013,181,203,4,4,4>Wowza!!After reading all the great reviews and convincing a good friend to meet me for brunch, I was pretty darn excited to try out Bumble.Atmosphere: "This restaurant is like a Pinterest board come to life" said my friend when my Basil Lemonade arrived with a perfectly lemon yellow striped straw to match the perfect lemon garnish. And it was. Every detail was executed flawlessly. These include:-amazing fish tank to divide the main dining room-my favorite color scheme of golden rod and warm grey paired with clean white and stainless steel (Lurve.)-Subtle "bee" themed accents such as honeycomb tile in the bathroom and small beehives throughout the dining rooms. Food: YUM!! Delish choices and I'm sure they are all just as good as the Huevos Rancheros and Breakfast Burrito that my friend and I had.Service: We were seated in the "Adult Only Patio" and I probably wouldn't sit here again for brunch because the inside was so cool and I don't mind small children. Also, we might have gotten a tad forgotten one or two times, but since we weren't in a hurry it wasn't a big dealOverall: Absolutely wonderful!! I know this is owned by a couple who have several other businesses in DTLA and I have to believe that they have gob and gobs of money to be able to execute to such a high level of taste and style. Go there and then walk down the street and get your mind blown at the Makery!!
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/18/2007,2/14/2008,149,374,3,6,6>Saturday was such a beautiful day.  After soaking up some sun at Washington Square Park in North Beach (my future neighborhood), my friends and I decided to drive down to Half Moon Bay in search for some Dungeness crabs.  The highway 1 drive was so relaxing -- fog rolled in, but it was still nice to see the ocean.  It was really busy, the wait was over 1 hour, so we stood by the bar (first come, first serve) watching like hawks for people leaving.  It was our lucky day/night, after I came back from the bathroom, my friends, Kitty and Si-Eun, got a table right in front of the big screen television.  Outdoor and indoor seating available.  Parking is no problem.  Inside there is a fireplace and a full-service bar.  I really enjoyed the log-cabin feel of the place and the live music by "South City Blues Band."  3 STARS because the bathroom is tiny, there was no TP and the floor was wet.  Also, the waiter took forever to give us a glass of water, but I'll give him a break because he was kinda cute.    I had the lightest beer, Harbor Light Ale -- smooth tasting with perfect blend of hop and malt.  The three of us shared a few dishes including shrimp ceviche served with chips and greens (my favorite: shrimp in every fork-full and perfect tangy-ness), smoked fish platter with cheese (tasty and not fishy), fish tacos (huge portion) and roast crab with mashed potatoes and veggies (delicious). A 4-pint Growler is only $17 and it's refillable for only $13.  I love beer and I hope beer loves me too.  I sure had a wonderful dinner here with the girls on our Girls Day/Night Out and may come back again soon :-)!
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2007,2/13/2008,46,113,5,5,6>My coworkers and I have been eyeballing this place as the renovations were finishing. We were so excited to try it, we even walked in to try and get lunch while there was still a table saw in the entryway!And  we weren't disappointed when we finally got the chance to stop in after work last week. We split the gator appetizer, the fried chicken and the pork loin - all absolutely delish. Gator, the chef, owner, and namesake for the restaurant wants you "to feel like you're eating at a friend's house" and certainly made us feel welcome. Watch for live music on Friday nights and an awesome Sunday brunch.I get the sense that once the waitstaff is fully trained and the place finds its rhythm, it'll be five stars no doubt!!!
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2007,2/12/2008,253,600,2,12,8>I've got a soft spot in my heart for little ma and pa restaurants like this.  We were actually on our way to Shanghai East restaurant but then parked near the Noodle Shop and decided to give this place a try.  Sure glad we did! This is like QQ noodles, only located in San Mateo and not Fremont.  They just opened up last week so I thought I'd be the first to review but nope, someone beat me to it! It's a very, very clean restaurant with nice interiors and very friendly staff.  They care about how you like the noodles and if everything is okay without being too nosy.  The noodles themselves are handmade and thick and chewy, just the way I like them.  We ordered the green onion noodles (it was dry noodle dish--- no soup, with ground pork and fresh vegetables and an egg) which was superb.  The spicy soup noodles were not as tasty, but still good.  Wasn't as spicy as I had hoped it'd be. And the shao long baos were pretty tasty too.  The only thing is if you don't speak Chinese or read Chinese you can have a tough time ordering but they're getting picture menus soon! A lot of ppl get take out from the place.  They dont have too much customers from the looks of our visit last night but maybe this will give them some well deserved publicity *crosses fingers*Prices were really cheap. Two ginormous bowls of noodles and five shao long baos for $21.  Cash only for now, they might change that in the future too.  If you're out in San Mateo and like authentic Chinese handmade noodles, come give this place a try.  I think you'll like it.
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2008,2/10/2008,10,107,1,7,9>So a friend of mine told me about this place (I mentioned my craving for brownies), and it happened to be on the way home, so naturally I had to stop in. The place was empty, but the lady working there was really friendly. They had a ton of dessert items, including donuts, pies, cakes, individual cheesecake, brownies, and some other typical looking desserts. I went for the brownies, and also had to try their Boysenberry pie.  The brownies were pretty nice, but the pie was fantastic. The standard 30 seconds in the microwave with a side plop of vanilla ice cream attacks a sweet tooth pronto.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2008,2/9/2008,80,155,10,7,9>I'm a man.  I usually don't get invited to baby showers.  But one of my best friends is having a baby next month and I was invited to the shower.   And I went, and it was a lot of fun!  What a great window into such a mysterious cultural phenomenon!But first--the gift.  I went to Babystyle on Burlingame Avenue because I figured someone there would recommend a gift on the cutting edge of, well, baby style.  I wanted to stay away from clothes--I figured everyone else would be giving her outfits.  Amanda, one of the managers, was amazing and helped me pick out some awesome board books (remember The Very Hungry Caterpillar by Eric Carle???).  They also have everything else you might need if you or someone you know is reproducing--including but not limited to: Maternity clothes, baby clothes, toys, strollers, and these little turtle-light things that shine stars all over the ceiling (which I kindof want!).  Basically, everything but the baby itself--and I don't think they can help you with that one.
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2007,2/8/2008,264,401,12,13,11>OMG, after all these years of plucking and waxing my eyebrows (on my own and getting them done at numerous places), my arches have been in the wrong place this whole time!  The last time I got my brows waxed in the FiDi by my usual girl, she drew blood.  A fine line on my right eyelid was bleeding and scabbed a day later...it looked like I had gotten into a fight but I had to explain to people it was from a waxing accident. Soon after, I read Connie C's 5-star review of Bombshell's 1-year anniversary party and her wax and tint job, so I decided I'd pay Christina a visit.  Trust me, growing out the brows for 2 months can be hairy (literally), but it was totally worth it since Christina was able to reshape my brows correctly.  Before starting, she gave me options about keeping them thicker and filling in a little bald spot I have or going thinner.  I appreciated the time she took for the brow consultation and the care in the actual waxing cuz brows are serious biz.  Even though I was her last customer on Friday night, she didn't rush the process at all.  She said Saturday's her busiest day and recommended I stick to weekdays if I want to see her at her calmest.  I also got my brows tinted (dyed) since they are fine and a lot lighter than my hair color.  We didn't want to go too dark for my first time, but after washing my face I could see the color's already faded a little.  Next time I'll get them a little darker.  Bombshell will definitely become part of my monthly routine.  It's $30 for wax/tint and an extra $5 for upper lip.  With my new arches, it takes minimal movement to go from neutral to looking surprised to scowling...so don't piss me off!
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2007,2/7/2008,358,1030,10,11,16>I just dreamt about this place, so I decided to quickly review it while I could still taste the sweet amaebi in my mouth... Hands down, Sakae Sushi used to be one of our most favorite sushi restaurants in the Bay Area, and this was THE place to take our clients and visitors from out of town/state. No point ordering anything but nigiri and rolls here - they're excellent. Don't forget to check the sake menu, too. If there was a place like this here in Chicago, I'd be there in a heartbeat... Ok, I'm going back to sleep.April 2008 update: We recently moved back to Cali and went to eat at Sakae...for real. It's confirmed; this place is still my most favorite sushi bar in the entire Bay.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2008,2/6/2008,1928,1761,6,7,8>I was highly-anticipated to come to this small Japanese market since I became a Yelper. The city of San Mateo has been good for me so far. Damn, this is cool little market. As I entered the market, on the left there are freshly prepared assorted meals, bento boxes, sushis, Asian Pastries and other yummy snacks to take on the go.  Beyond the market is the actual grocery store that sells Japanese (Asian) groceries and other Fresh seafood, meats and produce.As I was searching for my lunch/snack, nothing seems to interest me so far. But all of a sudden, with a blink of an eye, the friendly and charming lady worker brought some fresh sushis. I took a look and it was Spam Onigiri roll. The $1.45 roll had a thin slice of Spam being blanketed with sushi-rice and seaweed. I bought six of them for my lunch, because they were so fresh. (You're not Matt G, so don't even try to attempt in pounding six pieces of Spam-Sushi for lunch.) I also bought 5 individually packaged Daifuku Red Bean pastry at $.89 each and a refreshing $1.89 bottle of Japanese Green Tea.  No, I didn't eat all of them, but I did take 4 of them home for the kids. Although, the cashier was terrified by the amount of food I purchased, she needs to know, that "I'm a grown-boy!"Tomorrow, I'm definitely coming back to this Japanese Market to get my lunch from here and try some more of their fresh foods. I definitely love this little market. I'm not saying that to be a "Kiss-Ass!"
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2007,2/5/2008,10,47,7,10,10>I wholeheartedly concur with all the other comments here.  Face it, no one likes the dentist.  It hurts, it takes forever, and you are bound to be shamed and humilated by your flossing habits.  Dr. Fong has done something remarkable and taken a historically bad situation and turned it into the most suck-free time spent with a drill.  The office goes to great lengths to focus on the comfort of the patient--the lobby is peaceful and serene, there are flat screen tv's to watch during a treatment, and every single staff member is friendly and efficient.  Dr. Fong himself actually takes the time to get to know you and your teeth and you genuinely feel as though you are more than just an insurance claim to him.  Very deliberate in his explanations, and seriously, the most gentle injectionist ever.  All the technology in the office is state of the art, which makes a huge difference.  I just hope that when this practice is so successful that it has to turn people away (because it will be), that they retain all of these fantastic qualities.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2007,2/3/2008,352,193,3,4,5>The pizza was wonderful--thin crust, just enough tomato sauce, just enough cheese.  The meatball slider, on the other hand, was different.  I wished they had warned us that it was four little burger-shaped sandwiches for each meatball.  They were OK.The pizza on the other hand is something to talk about.   I would probably bring all my out of town guests here.Update:  My husband picks me up at the Millbrae Caltrain/BART station at 6:20 pm.  He thought it would be a great idea to call in for a pizza to be ready by 6:35 pm, and pick it up on our way home (to San Francisco)!!!I guess he liked the pizza more than I thought.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2010,9/13/2010,537,770,5,8,6>Every Wed is pretty much the same. I watch a movie with a couple friends and then we head out for some eats. I never would think to eat here since it's off the main University choice of eateries, but one of the friends suggested that it was delish, so of course we have to try it.Let me paraphrase this review by saying, I am a textures kind of girl so normally I don't like anything but buttered chicken at any indian place. So that in essence is what I ordered here. And it was SO good. We also had an eggplant based dish, which was tasty and some super spicy dish. But reflecting upon dinner, all I can remember was the butter chicken. So noms. It was good.
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2010,9/12/2010,198,505,4,5,4>I've only been an official resident of Mountain View for roughly two weeks, and it's about time I step foot into Milk Pail Market. I used to drive by this every once in a while, but never thought much about stopping by. Upon going to 24 tonight, I decided that it would be nice to buy some fresh fruits for my husband and I so we stay healthy. There was a vast variety of fruits (and vegetables as well) that were relatively cheaper than Safeway (across the street). It's been a while since I've seen such a great variety of apples and oranges. It's also been a while since I found blood orange at a market, so of course I had to go and buy some (still haven't tried some yet). I'm a fan of the "helping your locals" kind of thing... so yeah, I think I'll be back to buy my fruits and vegetables now. I decided to finally come here upon my husband's recommendation/suggestion... so thanks husband!
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2010,9/11/2010,505,313,4,7,5>Stopped by again and had one of their vegetarian noodles, edamame, sake sangria, and wine, and I have to say, LOVE the noodles!!!Also, the staff was incredibly friendly and informative and even asked the owner and chef which dishes they recommend to a vegan (yes, 2 weeks and strong!)- merci!I hear they are starting Happy Hour soon and all I have to say is, watch out Xanh!
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2010,9/9/2010,751,680,22,26,25>It's been a while since I've been here. The last time was more than 12 years ago, when it was known as the Peninsula Creamery, and we were here to satisfy one of my wife's pregnancy cravings while she was carrying our first daughter. (I did my part in gaining sympathetic weight by having a bacon cheeseburger, chased by a chocolate milkshake.)Fast forward 12 years later, we finally made it back, but this time this place is now called the Palo Alto Creamery. Fortunately, the original charm of the old diner still remains with the counter seating and vinyl chairs and booths (yes, the prices have gone up, as to be expected). Recently, dropped by here twice, each time for breakfast. The first time, took the day off from work, and strolled in my shorts and flip-flops with my wife. Being a weekday morning, we had no trouble getting a booth. -Blueberry Cornmeal Waffle (yelp.com/biz_photos/-g_t): This was the special that day, and it was served with peaches and caramel sauce. Came with a side of butter, and syrup, but really didn't need it. The waffle was light, with a pleasant graininess of the cornmeal. The peaches were in season, and went well with the caramel sauce. -Corned Beef Hash (yelp.com/biz_photos/-g_t): This came with eggs prepared any style, with a choice of bread for toast. This was no canned corned beef hash. Made with real, shredded corned beef. Loved it with the eggs over easy, accompanied by the buttered toast scoop up the runny egg yolks, and the bits and pieces of corned beef hash. On our second visit, the family asked me where I wanted to go for Father's Day, and I chose this place. -Two eggs over easy with hash browns and Hobb's Bacon (yelp.com/biz_photos/-g_t): We ordered this for my youngest. Lots of crispy hash browns, and a couple of slices of thickly-cut Hobb's bacon, and wheat toast. She was quite happy! -Mushroom cheeseburger (yelp.com/biz_photos/-g_t): My oldest wanted this for breakfast. Sure, why not! This was served on a house-made bun, accompanied by thick-cut French Fries. Melted Swiss cheese, topped off with lots of freshly-sauteed mushrooms. -Mango Milkshake: May as well chase down the burger with a shake! Served with the aluminum mixer, this shake was nice and thick, with chunks of mango. -Caribbean French Toast (yelp.com/biz_photos/-g_t): Thick slices of brioche dipped in an egg and coconut batter, then grilled. These were topped off with caramelized slices of banana and finished with syrup. This arrived hot to the table, with the bananas and the glaze still bubbling. All I can say is "oooh baby!"  This was almost like a dessert. All what what was needed was a scoop of ice cream, and you've got a Bananas Foster French Toast.Good thing my wife didn't order anything because the kids had a lot of leftovers.Yes, the prices are on the high side for this yuppy diner, but the food here is so good. I got the kids hooked on this place, and there's a good chance I'll be doing another Yelp Check-In for this place. (Note to Self: need to try a slice of one of their pies: yelp.com/biz_photos/-g_t)
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2010,9/8/2010,275,727,31,20,19>I hate Lemon Meringue Pie. I hate Lemon Meringue PieI hate Lemon Meringue PieI hate Lemon Meringue PieI hate Lemon Meringue PieDid I mention that I hate Lemon Meringue Pie?All my life I have hated Lemon Meringue. So I thought, as we may actually had more of a misunderstanding. I admit, I never even tasted Lemon Meringue. But why should I? Lemon has no place in dessert. It's a lemon damn it! And I do not need to taste it to know I don't like it.Well today I am a changed man.On my way back home I decided to take my good friend Gill C's advice and check out Sibby's. She has always been adamant that Sibby's makes the best cupcakes. Ok Gill let's find out. I stopped in about 1:30 and was greeted by a very nice and friendly Sibby's employee. I asked her how it works and she explained that everything is pre ordered. Oh oh, I did not pre order.Not to worry, they usually have leftovers and anything that is left is up for grabs. They had two trays full of some awesome looking cupcakes. The first one I made a beeline towards was the chocolate which resembled a Hostess cupcake. Do I stop at one? No way! How about a mini red velvet? Hell Yeah! I figure I'll get one more mini and ask the Sibby's person which one I should get. She points at the Lemon Meringue. You have got to be kidding me! I hate Lemon Meringue!! She insisted that it was her favorite and that it would only be available for the month of June. Ok, I'll take it, but I wont have to like it and I figured my wife may be ok with it.After dinner last night I brought out the cupcakes on a small plate and two forks. My wife decided to give the Lemon Meringue a try first. Her eyes rolled in ecstasy and a huge "mmmmmmmmmmm" came rolling off her tongue. Ok, I must try this bitch. I dip my fork through the top of the marshmallow and down through the cake and place the fork in front of my lips and holding my nose take a big bite. Holy MFer!!! This is some great cupcake! Moist cake, tasty marshmallow and the lemon? Well we are all good now! And our little lifelong spat is now officially over.Gill was right, these cupcakes kick some major ass and are the best I have ever tasted. Rich, moist and not too sweet just amazing goodness with each and every bite. We finished half of each and have leftover dessert for tonight! I am sold and will visit again soon!Just fyi, as mentioned earlier in my review the Lemon Meringue Pie cupcake is only available this month. So get your asses down there asap!
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2009,9/7/2010,358,1030,12,18,15>We walked in with one mission: eat CHAMPON.The restaurant was full as always, but luckily there were two seats open at the counter... Felt bad not ordering sushi, but we had a mission.45 minutes later, we walked out full and content. My husband liked it spicy with mentaiko, and I fully enjoyed the regular bowl of noodles with a mountain of veggies. We ordered a few appetizers, but really, champon was all we needed. We'll be back for sure.
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2010,9/6/2010,109,203,2,6,7>Joy sushi is the place to go if you want some giant sushi rolls for a reasonable price. No other sushi place has rolls that are the size you get here. They have a large variety of special rolls, so order a few with friends and you'll be able to try a large selection. The menu also has pictures of the rolls to help you decide. Rolls that I have enjoyed: *49er's roll:shrimp tempura, softshell crab, cucumber, crab meat, avocado, tobiko, unagi Joy special sauce*Lambada roll: tuna & salmon top with avocado & tobiko with spicy Joy sauce*Samurai roll: tuna, unagi, cucumber, crab meat topped w/ salmon, avocado, tobiko & Joy special sauce*Giant roll: soft shell crab, avocado, cucumber, crab meat topped w/ unagi & Joy special sauceIt's also a bonus that you get a soup and salad to go with your meal, unlike other places where it only comes with a bento box. The place has an upstairs and a downstairs, so I've never really had to wait long. The place is clean and service is pretty fast and attentive. Street parking isn't plentiful, but there are a few parking structures that aren't too far away.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2010,9/5/2010,375,796,4,8,7>I have been wanting to try Sunny Bowl for a very long time, and a week before last Friday evening, decided that would be the time. So I walked in, and the place was nearly totally packed except for one very small table and another double table. So fortunate that I could have the experience there rather than just to go. I ordered a broccoli-tofu bibimbap, and this was probably the healthiest version I have ever seen. You even get to portion out how much (if any) sesame oil you want, as a bottle is included at the table but no oil is mixed in initially (however, I'm not certain what the tofu is marinated in beforehand, perhaps some light soy, as I remember there being some color on the tofu). Gochu-jahng (chili paste) is also given on the side in a squeeze bottle, and it wasn't too sweet nor excessively spicy. Love the freshness of the veggies--good kimchi too, seemingly on the "young" side (not very pickled, but still very tasty). Along with the meal, I also had some hot tea as well as a small cup of blueberry-vanilla froyo swirl (and that was truly the value of having dinner there rather than to go). All for around $6! Incredible value, awesome food! I'll be sure to be back!!!
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2010,9/4/2010,293,735,2,7,6>This is the biggest Mexican grocery store I've ever been to in the Bay Area. The produce section looks just like Safeway, but with jicamas and Mexican papayas. They even have the same signs. It's super spacious inside and the meat, crema, seafood section is very impressive. On the back wall they have an area with bulk and packaged spices. I bought a 21g (.75 oz) package of whole cloves for 99 cents and 21g (.07 oz) package of star anise for $1.59. At Safeway, a .62 oz container of McCormick cloves is $6.59! Canela (cinnamon sticks) are $7.99 per pound. :) Now I going to try to convince my friends that we should try to make tamales.
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2009,9/2/2010,127,1093,2,10,4>I don't know why I never noticed Vaso Azzurro as I go up and down Castro.  It's a hidden gem at one end of the street.The place isn't too big, but it has a small bar area and plenty of tables that could potentially accommodate a larger group.  The servers are all very European, and the place has a very rustic and Italian feel to it.  All the servers are great singers, too, as we heard a couple of birthday song performances.  The host is very charming, and they all have a good sense of humor.  Water is refilled quickly, and service is attentive.As for the menu, daily specials included a special risotto, a beet salad, tomato soup, and some other entrees.  We started with the calamari, which was all rings and fried nicely.  It didn't really need much more than a squeeze of lemon.  The complimentary bread was also warm, with a nice herbed crust, not as oily as other foccaccias.  There was also an olive oil and herb dipping sauce.I also had the tomato soup, which was a bit awkward with the rubbery feta chunks, but otherwise warm and comforting but not too heavy.  The beet salad had golden and red beets, with a generous chunk of goat cheese that went perfectly with the red onion and mixed greens.  I actually put some of it into the soup, which helped to round out the soup's tartness.For entrees, the chicken and scallops (Pollo E Capesante) were cooked really well - lemony butter sauce that wasn't too heavy or overpowering.  The chicken was still moist, and the scallops weren't rubbery.  The tomato and chicken pasta (Penne Con Pollo) was perfectly al dante, and there was a very generous portion of chunks of white meat chicken breast and sundried tomatoes.  It's actually one of the most authentic pastas I've had since Italy.For dessert, the chocolate cake was disappointing - it wasn't dense enough, and the top was covered in frosting that was too sugary.  It reminded me of grocery store chocolate cake.  Maybe we should've gone with cheesecake or something else.Wine pours are generous by the glass.  Oddly, they didn't have diet coke, and they tried to make a lighter soda by mixing regular coke and soda water, which didn't really work too well.  Food portions are definitely enough but not so massive that you have to eat leftovers for days.It was pretty busy for a Wednesday night, and for good reason.  Given my mediocre experiences with other Italian restaurants in the South Bay/Peninsula, I didn't expect much when I came in but was happily charmed by the service and the quality of the food.
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2008,8/24/2008,186,315,7,10,9>Just opened: Right on the renovated Courthouse Square, this miniature small card and gift shop overflows from it's glass walled jewelbox under the Hamilton St. side of the new "wings" of the Courthouse Square that was added.  The Daily Boost is next door. *** Context of review ***Based on new opening, with the assumption that more inventory is coming.The owner was quite pleasant . A good shop for cards, small knicknacks, event some glass votives that you put in the yard, glass angels, etc. She's done a lot to put in this space... I imagine she'll be adding more soon. If you're a guy, there are some cards that you can get, but let's face it... this is a women's store! Do they have everything? No Will she be adding more? Most likelyIt's cool to support local businesses. The hours are NOT long right now, posted on the window are:Tue/Wed: 10am-3pmThur/Fri:  10am - 8pmSat:          10am-3pmSun/Mon: Closed** Open during special events on the square
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2008,8/23/2008,1315,471,11,14,12>This was a new and different dining experience. It's a good place for a first date because you sit in your own little secluded booth and you get to cook your own food. I, however, was not on a first date and having to cook my own food at a restaurant sucked; but it was actually pretty fun. If you're hungry and are looking to sit and stuff your face right away, not the place to be. Expect to pay at LEAST $50pp. It's not so much the quantity or quality of food you're paying for; much more the experience.We had the spinach and artichoke cheese fondue which came with an assortment of breads, chips and apples: this was great! Cheesy and full flavor. I especially enjoyed how our waiter took the time to explain to us how the whole "dining process" works, and how he set up our fondue and fon-did the cheese dip. A+ for John Franco! We also chose the Signature Selection entree for two (Filet mignon, shrimp, teriyaki-marinated sirloin, boneless breast of chicken and fish fillet-RAW, of course). It does't look like much, but since it took about 2 minutes to cook per piece, it does fill you up. It also comes with a variety of house sauces for your dipping pleasure.And now the good stuff: dessert! I chose the Chocolate S'Mores fondue (Milk chocolate topped with marshmallow cream, flambéed and garnished with crushed graham crackers). It came with a platter of strawberries, bananas, graham crackers, cake-bits, brownies...OH MY GOD. That fondue had no chance in hell! We KILLED it!So all of the above, a couple cold ones, 3 shots and a Mango Mai Tai later, the bill came out to a little over $145 (-tip). Will I be back? Hell yeah! fon-DUE ME MELTING POT!
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2008,8/22/2008,880,405,11,13,13>We were starving!  So the gang decided to meet up at this restaurant after having a drink at a nearby "happy" swimming pool.  We had a group of 9, or actually 8 - since one of us just felt like walking around.  As soon as we walked in, the service was great.  Immediately, the waiters put tables together and accommodated our group. All of our food also came out pretty quick.  My fish and chips were just right...they sure hit the spot.  When I went to the bathroom next to the bakery, I noticed that the enormous fresh-baked pies were about an arms-length away from the bathroom door.  They looked scrumptious, but being so close to the bathroom kinda put a damper on it.      This "blast from the past" restaurant was loud and festive....and I'm sure we made it louder.   The popular milkshakes are on my next visit list.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2008,8/21/2008,137,143,17,10,9>It's a sad thing when at 22 you find the romance in your relationship beginning to fade and your combined schedules so busy that you have to schedule a weekly date night to ensure you see each other more in person than in passing.It's even sadder when your boyfriend starts inviting his buddies along with you on date night.Luckily, we'd planned to make San Bruno Golf Center our romantic destination on this particular date night - and even crashed date nights are fun at San Bruno Golf Center. Two decks of hitting stalls - opt for the lower deck if you want to escape the wind. It gets cold.The ball machine only accepts exact change but the person at the front desk will happily break change for you, and there is an ATM in the golf store for those who travel paperless. Snack options are limited, so I suggest popping into the gas station across the street to stock up on the necessary rations - enough corn nuts and Gatorade and I can swing all night!Open until 9, this driving range stays open later than most in the city or surrounding area, so even the busiest of us can escape the office in time to take your romantic aggression out on a bucket of balls. Healthy? Maybe not. Effective? Very.
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2008,8/20/2008,185,344,17,17,16>When in doubt, trust your nose.No, it's not my life motto, but it did lead me to good food last night.Tong Kee is a hidden, small chinese restaurant right off Gellert before the intersection with King Street. I've been there a few times and it's always been consistently good. However, last night, I wasn't planning to go there specifically. My fiance and I were still deciding on where to eat when we ended up inside the little plaza. At first we couldn't decide whether to eat at Tong Kee or Sinugba which is right next door. Being the indecisive people that we are, we made our decision through the most random way possible: rock, paper, scissors.If I won, we'd go to Sinugba, if he won, we'd pick Tong Kee.I won, by the way, cuz I rock (and he's scissors, I suppose). So Sinugba it was! Or so we thought.Once we stepped out of the car, the aroma of mongolian beef filled our nostrils. Guess what, the smell totally pulled us in, and I'm glad it did.The restaurant itself is very ordinary. No decor, no atmosphere, nothing special. I usually try not to order from the normal menu because as many of you may know, the best stuff can usually be found on the random signs posted on the walls. So I did just that and ordered spinach with thousand year old eggs. I really liked it because I thought it was a unique dish and there aren't a lot of dishes that uses the black eggs. I love that stuff, by the way. Those of you who think thousand year old eggs are disgusting, you're missing out!My fiance ordered the mongolian beef, of course. By the way, if you're going to order mongolian beef rice plate, make sure you check the "combination plate" menu. Because if you order the regular mongolian beef over rice, it costs about $7 and you have to pay extra if you want fried rice. Under the combo plate, however, you can choose mongolian beef (out of 6 other items), and it includes fried rice AND a spring roll for $6.I haven't tried a lot of dishes, but I also like their chili string beans and tofu hot pot. I'm sorry, I don't know what they're called. My Chinese is very (very) limited. At least I can tell the Chinese character for chicken from beef. That's good enough, right?Another thing worth mentioning is the service. Tong Kee has very nice employees compared to other Chinese joints. I usually get really bad attitude from Chinese restaurant people because I already had my Chinese card revoked, but not here! Yay!I don't know why this place is not busy, probably because of the hidden location. I like Tong Kee. Go eat there, people! Keep it alive!Note to Sinugba: Try fanning some BBQ smell near the front door. I might just walk in to your restaurant.
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2008,8/19/2008,449,396,19,21,21>When Steve L. notified me about an optometry place that sells froyo AND has six different flavors of mochi, I had to see it to believe it.  Clear's been open for a while now, but the froyo fanatic that I am (or was...), never made it out here until this past Sunday.  Clear Optometry took over the old space of Ray's Tea Time.  I always liked Ray's, but commercial places like Q Cup and Quickly led to their unfortunate demise.  Anyway, back to my point.  Like Ray's, Clear's space is huge.  Very simple, bright and immaculately clean.I went straight to the froyo counter and got myself a sample of the lychee.  It was really good.  Creamy, milky, not as tart as I like, but really great lychee taste.  I decided to forgo the plain froyo (so uncharacteristic of me) for a starter special with lychee froyo ($5.25 for 3 toppings).  The starter special is insanely huge for one person.  I couldn't finish it all and sadly had to dump about half of my froyo away (very uncharacteristic of me again).  Unlike any froyo store I've been to, Clear has a unique way of dispensing their froyo.  They fill your cup up halfway with froyo and then they form a hole with the remaining froyo to place the toppings in.  I'm not sure if I like this technique so much.  And the one major gripe I have about this place is their frugality with toppings.  I got about 10 blueberries, 8 pieces of raspberry mochi, and 7 pieces of strawberry mochi!Overall, I would definitely come back for their great lychee froyo, definitely share-able portions, and their variety of flavored mochi!  How can I resist mochi?  But I hope they top my froyo with a heavier hand next time...
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/24/2008,8/18/2008,853,724,11,15,12>The yelpers were right about the older crowd - it was like a scene out of an old Italian movie - think more classy than cheesy.  We had a whole view of the restaurant with our table against the wall but I was trying not to ogle too many of the patrons, many of whom were greeted warmly by first name - made me wish I were that cool...Atmosphere aside, both hubby and I weren't impressed by the food.  I have definitely had better Italian elsewhere, including the Peninsula.  We ordered the cannelloni (a disappointingly small portion - be forewarned) and the chicken with mushroom and artichokes (much better portioning).  I think hubby put it best when he said, "The food tastes like the clientèle - geriatric."  Ouch... I know!Specifically, the cannelloni filling was plain mush, without much flavor, and the chicken dish could have had better seasoning, including the mushrooms and artichokes.  The sauce would have tasted better with more wine reduction, and believe me, you needed the sauce to kick the chicken flavor up a notch.  The mashed potatoes were alright and the green beans were tasteless (even black pepper would have helped).  We skipped dessert even though we took a bit of time to take in the tempting items on the dessert tray.I'm glad we tried Luceti's - I was curious - but I highly doubt a return visit.
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2008,8/17/2008,378,538,6,7,7>These sweet little pieces of heaven are devilishly decadent. These cupcakes are quite moist and the frosting is rich, sweet and creamy but not too over the top as to have you gasping for a glass of milk. My favorites are the chocolate and cream, chocolate tea cake, red velvet and carrot cinnamon.  Also love their special flavors of the month (they are always delicious) and how incredibly creative and artistic they can be with the frosting designs.My wishes for Sibby's: a retail store front so that we don't have to wait days or sometimes weeks to get our hands on the sweet baked goodness and for the price of the cupcakes to go down. I don't know why all of these cupcakeries charge $3 or more per cupcake, but I have a feeling that OPEC might have something to do with it. I wonder when the government will begin to impose a windfall profits tax on these cupcakeries.
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2008,8/16/2008,107,407,5,6,6>I have gone here many times and I like this place a lot for the bar and parties. But I really like them for their food! The atmosphere is fun, the drinks are strong, and the food is tasty. We got there around 6:30 and the place seemed busy and got seated upstairs.  We decided to share some dishes since everything there is just ENORMOUS!!! We ordered the: Ahi Tuna tacos - Big chunks of tuna in wasabi sauce that were so GOOD!Warm Napa Cabbage -Bacon, Mushrooms, bleu cheese in a vinagrette dressing (Not low calorie)Nola Frites -Sweet Pototoes, regular potatoes, and okra (Love friend food!)Crab cakes- Fried Crab cake in some orange sauce (good but pretty big)Mojitos (One Coconut and one Rasberry) (Coconut just ok a bit too much sugar for me )Everything was really good and we got excellent service.  We ordered the bread pudding for dessert to split and it was just so tasty!  It was super moist with a touch of brandy sauce.  There was none left at all! We looked around and suddenly no one around us upstairs. It was only like 8:00 on a Saturday! How come they are not busy? Generally they are slammed so I do suggest reservations. You'll be waiting for a while on Fri/Sat night without one, and the bar is very crowded.  They don't take reservations after 6:00 PM.  They also have an excellent drink menu with tons of stuff to pick from! Fun place to go hang at when in Palo Alto for drinks or dinner!
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2008,8/15/2008,205,93,1,11,7>Went here for lunch last Sunday and it was great. I've been to Brazilian BBQ before, as well as had my share of Portuguese food and thought that for the price this place rocks! And the Caipirinha (aka "the Brazilian national drink") was hella tasty. The buffet area contains an impossible-to-eat-in-one-visit array of salads, beans, collared greens, and typical Brazilian sides. Don't fill up on these because in a matter of minutes several very friendly Brazilian guys will be coming by with huge skewers full of meat to stuff your tummy with.The top sirloin, the bacon-wrapped chicken, and the chicken hearts were our favorites. Somehow after accepting way way way too much meat from the traveling skewerdors we still managed to share desert which was some of the best flan we've ever had and a massive portion at that.If you want to check this place out and save a little money go for lunch on M-F when it's $14.99 instead of $19.99.
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2009,2/6/2010,86,239,18,8,7>Don't go here. Don't go here and enjoy the lovely atmosphere. Or the outstanding wine selection. Do not absolutely do not order the prosciutto appetizer and then pass out from its deliciousness. Don't promise to split your entree with your husband then laugh when neither of you want to share, because you're entrees are THAT GOOD. Don't order the NY Strip special that is so good you close your eyes with each bite so you can savor it. Don't enjoy the wonderful service with a waitress that hugs you at the end of the night. Don't enjoy the manager making sure your wine is great. DO NOT order the mind-blowing chocolate hazelnut dessert that makes you want to melt into a puddle, and when you drip a bit on your arm YOU LICK YOUR ARM IN PUBLIC AND FULL VIEW OF THE WAITRESS (thus the hug? Mayhaps.)Don't go. Because if you go, then soon I won't be able to just squeeze in here on a random Monday night for an awesome date with my even more awesome husband. STAY AWAY.
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2009,2/5/2010,537,770,4,9,6>My coworker mentioned this place as being the place that rivals Barefoot in coffee. Ever since he told me that... it has been in the back of my mind burning to try. I really don't like coffee that much stemming back to my high school days as barista at Barnes & Noble Cafe. When your skin smells like coffee even after 3 showers it's not conducive for loving coffee. But I think it's just the quest for the super elite and tasty items in this world that made me interested in trying their coffee.I went and was kind of overwhelmed by their selection. I ended up getting an iced coffee as it was ridiculously hot outside on this day and a lemon scone. She used the house brew which was like Philzharmonic or something and I have to say that it was a really good blend. Not too acidic, not too sharp or bitter. I really enjoyed it paired with the sweet icing on top of the scone. Whilst waiting in line, I also had a conversation about Tru Blood, which served to make me like this place more. That and the decorum was that boho style, much like Barefoot, that I adore ever since I found that one college coffee shop that is just behind John's Hopkins on the east coast which started my love for the bohemian decorated college town coffee shop.Philz, I'm not sure that you're better than Barefoot, but you're definitely on par.
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2009,2/4/2010,751,680,21,23,24>I've been reading about Ike's Place in San Francisco, and really wanted to check it out, but very rarely I'm in San Francisco on a weekday.  When I saw this place featured on the "Hot on Yelp" for the SF Peninsula, I was pleased to know that there's an Ike's nearby.  The opportunity came after I finished my phone con from home, and it was near lunch time as I was about to head back to my office in San Jose.Finding this place was interesting.  As I approached 555 Twin Dolphin Dr., I was expecting to find some signs for this place.  I found the address of the building, but no signs.  After I parked, and entered the building, then smelled the scent of toasted bread, I knew I was in the right place.  Just followed my nose, and it was easy to find.This location of Ike's is located in one of the small office suites of the building, where there 4 people behind the counter, including Ike himself.  As previous Yelpers have mentioned, the menu is pretty daunting for first timers like myself, but the cashier was very helpful by asking me what I liked, and made some suggestions.  There are a couple of binders for menus, but I would suggest looking at their menus online to decide what you want (and maybe call ahead for an order).All of their sandwiches are grilled to order.  You can choose sourdough, French, Dutch Crunch, or corn rye for bread, and all of their sandwiches are toasted.In less than 10 minutes, my order was ready.I ordered a "Matt Cain" which was a turkey, roast beef, salami, provolone, lettuce, tomatoes, sandwich with a tangy and slightly spicy "godfather" sauce, all on a sweet French roll (yelp.com/biz_photos/Yk7P).  Yes, the sandwich looks like a mess, only because I had to drive back to my office in San Jose and it looks a bit jumbled, but it was a really tasty sandwich, down to the last bite.  Wouldn't think salami would work with roast beef and turkey, but it all worked together with the melted cheese, peppers, and the special "godfather" sauce.A very satisfying sandwich!This location is only open on weekdays, and as previous Yelpers have stated, the wait can be long, so the call in ahead for your order.  Unfortunately, I work pretty far away from this location, and won't be able to enjoy one of Ike's sandwiches for a workday lunch.  But when one in Stanford Shopping Center opens in July 2010 (so long!), I'll be there, at least on weekends.
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2010,2/3/2010,80,157,8,11,10>I'm not a fan of spicy foods, but this place is pretty good! CLEANLINESS: 4/5SERVICE: 5/5FOOD: 4/5- Spicy Cold Noodles- Beef Tendons- Lemon Chicken (Or some kind of chicken dish)- Fried Chinese Pancake- Wonton/Dumpling in Spicy BrothAs a person who can't eat spicy foods, the chicken dish was ultimately my favorite of the night. The presentation made the dish look irresistable. That goes for the other dishes too. All of them looked very pretty and delicious. The chicken was full of flavor and it wasn't heavy at all. My next favorite was the Spicy Cold Noodles (minus the spicy part). I could only handle one scoop full of the noodles. Then my mouth was burning and lost taste after that. (I'm really sensitive to spicy foods). The noodles appear bland and tasteless, but that is so not the case! It was actually full of flavor and was quite delicious. The pancake was mediocre, I've had better. Beef tendons were pretty good, nothing amazing. Same goes with the wontons. The service here is one of the best compared to other Chinese restaurants. Although it was kind of dead the night my family went, I still give them kudos for being very attentive. I LOVE ATTENTIVE WAITRESSES. Yes! Awesome service = Awesome experience, even if the food is mediocre. But this place had the service and the quality in their food (for some dishes). The waitress could tell I was having a hard time eating the food because it was spicy. She made small talk with my family and joked around. She also filled our glasses of water quite frequently. Thanks! So if you're someone who loves spicy foods and is looking for a Chinese restaurant, this could be a place to go. I haven't tried many dishes from here, but I'm sure they know what's popular!
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2009,2/2/2010,358,1030,13,19,14>FINALLY tried their famous beef noodle soup, and we have no regrets! The beef was tender, and the broth was comforting. Their homemade noodles were wonderful in texture, though a bit heavy and doughy for me. I ended up having to take out 1/2 of the noodles out of the bowl before they sucked up all the soup. (I eat too slow or what.)We also ordered pork noodle soup and a plate of steamed veggies w/oyster sauce. Pork noodle soup was alright, but we definitely favored the beef stew noodle soup more. The waitress was very helpful with our orders (we told her it was our first time there, therefore clueless) and friendly. The place is very wallet-friendly, too.SUM: 3.5 stars for now. We need to go back and try the cumin lamb that a lot of yelpers are raving about!
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2009,2/1/2010,87,211,3,9,5>THANK GOODNESS we gave Vino Santo another try.  We initially went last year bc the reviews were so good, unfortunately our dinner wasn't so great. But I kept checking back, walking by, and then when I told a couple of my friends that I hadn't been impressed they insisted we try again.Dropped in last Friday around 7:30.  We chose to sit at the bar even though it's not really ideal for it since it's near the door that leads out to their covered patio and it was COLD out, but we enjoy interacting with bar staff.  Anywho, I ordered the Sterling Vintners Cab by the glass which was very good. For apps we had the calamari and polenta.  The calamari was delic, very light batter and some of the freshest we've tasted ever.  The polenta unfortunately was not one of my favs, they served it with a balsamic reduction sauce that didn't really compliment it that well - I usually love marinara or a tomato based one.For din we had the arugula salad - light dressing, which they did perfectly.  The salad was a nice size, all the ingredients were very fresh, and complimented each other well.  For din we split the Pollo Grecca stuffed with feta and spinach.  The entree was great as well, potatoes had a great flavor without being too heavy or overdone.  The service was our favorite part.  The bartender is the son's owner, such a great guy ! Very attentive, friendly (w/o being intrusive) and so great about making us feel welcome.We finished up with the spumoni ice cream for dessert with a little brandy on top (soooo good !).  Needless to say, this place isn't expensive but we did pay a pretty penny for din but the whole experience was 100x's better than our first and now it's on our top list.
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/22/2009,1/31/2010,53,119,4,7,6>More like 3.5 stars.The Zen-like music, the lit candles, and little stone tea pots on the table makes the experience romantic.  The butcher paper tablecloth...not so much.Pros:-Finally!  An "exotic" Asian restaurant where the food isn't horribly expensive!  A ton of dishes under $10.  -The roti with the coconut curry dipping sauce was one of the best parts of the meal.  One for less than $3!-Beef rendang was my favorite entree.  Only $9.99 for tender beef covered in a tasty curry.  The serving isn't that big, but a little goes a long way.  Kinda like Indian food.Cons:-The rest of the dishes were okay, not great.  Tried the mango chicken (not a fan of sweet and sour dishes), vermicelli noodles, and shrimp curry.-Service was slow and our server seemed to be easily confused by things.  Be assertive girl!  You cahn deww itt!Bottom line:  The curries are probably the best things in the menu, so make sure to try those out.  Don't forget your roti!  Best eaten when fresh.  Their Malaysian iced tea is good too.  Yes it tastes different than Thai iced tea.  So the food was good, but not emotionally good.  Know what I'm sayin??
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2009,1/30/2010,134,722,3,8,6>I say patronize the Sweet Shop and do it often because as soon as the place begins turning a profit, all proceeds will go towards the Los Altos School District!  Until then, drop your spare change in what looks like a tip jar at first blush but, is actually a spare change collector for school programs.  To date, almost $2,000 has been raised just from what is clanking around in the pockets of those who have come through the doors!  Remember though, the sooner we get the place to profit, the sooner local schools really benefit!!!  Here's the scoop on the place:  apparently the owner is a Google employee who joined the company in the very early days so like Google, she's done very well.  A graduate of Los Altos Schools and a patron of Foodland, the former tennant of the building now housing the Sweet Shop, she had fond memories of visiting the store for candy on her way home from school.  These memories paired with a strong desire to give back to the children of Los Altos, gave birth to one of the sweetest tributes to childhood I've seen in a while.  The Sweet Shop is adorable.  Dispensing candy, frozen yogurt and other treats that customers can enjoy in the shop or the darling garden patio where statues of frogs frolick amongst water sprays, the Sweet Shop is a welcome addition to Los Altos!  Thank you generous Google employee for sharing your wealth!!
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2009,1/29/2010,131,459,4,6,5>Thanks to Cat O. for inviting me to the artist's reception tonight!  Interesting art and hot, fish-shaped cakes = a great after dinner treat for the belly and the eyes.  Sweet Breams was busy to the point that if you squinted hard enough, downtown San Mateo actually seemed "happenin'."  We even witnessed a hit and run while standing outside and eating our fishies!My mom's from Chungcheongnam-do in Korea, so if I want tiny, hot pastries out of a cast iron mold, my first choice is going to be hodu gwaja (walnut-shaped cakes).  Still, I ain't going to turn my nose up at some warm, fresh taiyaki!  Once I gobbled up my school of piping hot, Nutella-filled fish, I ogled the work on the walls.I can't really do a lot of dairy at once so I didn't have any soft serve, but my friends said it wasn't anything special.  However, they said the fishes on top of their sundaes were very delicious.I felt bad that I couldn't stick around longer to chat with the artists, but it's probably a good thing I didn't, as I probably would've eaten the taiyaki species to extinction.
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2009,1/28/2010,275,727,21,21,20>Thanks to Jennifer L for reminding me that I have a girls name. Yes, this will all come together in the coming paragraphs so bear with me.I made a 2:00 appointment to give blood and was greeted by a super sweet receptionist. She asked me a few questions and entered me into their database. I took a seat and waited for Dr. Vampire to call my name and drain a few hundred gallons of my sweet precious blood.I noticed one of the technicians walking to each of the women in the waiting area and asking "Are you Rene?" Oh my gawd...This is really embarrassing. "excuse me, ummm I am Rene"The Technician looked slightly puzzled and gave me that sort of  "You really have a girlie name" look that I have grown used to over the years.She walked me over to the the pre-drain-all-your-blood room and proceeded with all the questions, poking and making fun of my name. "Your blood pressure if 94/64, wow, that's really low" She tells me, so now my blood pressure isnt even normal as If I am not already dealing with issues of inadequacy due to my fem-name.And to top things off, they bandaged my arm with a girlie neon lime green color.All kidding aside, super nice people. Easy access location right behind the Stanford Mall. However the address is actually 780 and not 800 but the building is clearly marked so you cannot miss it.Everyone wish Jennifer L's mom a Happy Birthday!
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2008,3/8/2008,78,88,2,6,2>If you can't afford a ticket to Greece, why not just stroll over to Evvia?  The food is authentically Greek, not overdone, and finished enough to feel like you're in one of the best tavernas on the Greek Isles.The menu has a multitude of appetizers or mezes.  You could leave very satisfied dining on these alone.  My favorites are the fire grilled octopus (tender on the inside, crisp like bacon on the outside) drizzled with a lemon-olive oil vinaigrette; and of course, there is the gold standard: Saganaki (fried Kefalotyri Cheese, with lemon squeezed on top).  If this is on a menu, I order it, no matter what.A delicious assortment of rustic breads fill your basket, waiting to be dipped in olive oil and sea salt.  And in the Greek way, you must sop up the extra juices from your mezes.Entrees include the traditional red meat Greek bonanza, but Evvia offers other options such as several types of fish, roasted chicken, and a pasta dish.You can order a whole fish grilled or baked, each with its own accouterments.  We ordered the baked, which was surrounded by roasted onions, tomatoes, olives, and potatoes.  The fish was moist, and the skin crisped to perfection.  Am I making you drool yet?Now, for dessert.  If you must try only one, try the Galaktoboureko, golden phyllo wrapped around warm semolina custard, with a side of pistachio gelato.  Lastly, and my favorite part: Greek coffee.  They have traditional Greek coffee that will keep you up till the sun rises.   When finished you can turn over your cup and if you have a Ya Ya, or Thea, she can tell your fortune with the grounds.  It may result in you having to carry garlic in your pockets, or an evil eye pinned to your jacket, but the experience will be truly authentic.Extra points for serving the Greek's own crack: Frappe.  This is what it means to be Greek in the summer.  Aerated iced coffee that is whipped into heavenly lightness and then poured over ice.   No relation to the Frappuccino, this drink is all Greek.If Greece hasn't made its way onto your itinerary yet, make Evvia your next stop, it's the next best thing.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2008,3/7/2008,99,209,4,7,9>Ahhh tapioca express....how happy you make me.Before you, I only knew q-cup (gross).... but you've persuaded me with your chewy balls and creamy liquid to stay loyal.I know no better but based on other people's reviews -  there are other places in the neighborhood that offer a better quality tapioca drink.... and well it makes me feel that we may need a break...you know...to find out if we truly need eachother or if it was just a "great while it lasted relationship."  Dont get me wrong, i love you.  Let us see if this opportunity will make us stronger or tear us apart....
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2007,3/6/2008,905,867,5,11,6>Wow.  I'm so sorry. Just prior to my second visit to the Navio for brunch, I planned on sticking with a review that RAILED on the place for it's stratospheric prices ($82/person, noninclusive of tax and tip), reliance on pure atmosphere and scenery, and only decent food. But I was wrong.  Very wrong.  Perhaps it was because I knew what to expect, but for whatever reason, I left here thinking that this place was worthy of the hype.  Here's why: The Ritz Carlton in Half Moon Bay is gorgeous.  All the reviews will give you that.  And the service at any Ritz is going to be top notch.  Plates are cleared unobtrusively and the service is polite without being intrusive.  I was particularly impressed that the waiter reminded us to submit our parking tickets so they could be validated (something that one usually has to remember on one's own).The brunch is clearly the signature event at Navio and reservations are highly recommended.  There are many quality brunch places (The Palace Hotel in SF is excellent) and for buffets there are even more choices, almost all more affordable than the brunch here.But what stands out about the Navio is their brunch selection.  I've only had one buffet that was better and that was at the Westin in Shanghai ($65/person with more Asian fare).Among the highlights here were three types of Caviar, ahi tuna, sashimi salad and seaweed salad, two types of Oysters (the larger ones in the back and by request), prime rib and rack of lamb, an excellent onion soup, and a delicious chilean sea bass.  My first time I remember the entree items being less strong (no sea bass or creamy onion soup) and only the seafood items being abundant.  They've clearly taken steps to make the whole experience better.The final star was earned for dessert, many of which were special for the Halloween and holiday season -  pumpkin pie, pumpkin ice cream, a new crepe station, and carrot cake.  A nice, appreciated touch.At the end of the day, go here for a special occasion, enjoy the atmosphere, enjoy the food, and have a wonderful brunch and buffet experience.  Yes, $82 is a lot to pay for a brunch, but the Navio does so many things right (and throws in valet parking) that you feel as if you're getting something for your money...
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2008,3/5/2008,215,101,11,10,8>I used to think that Cafe Pro Bono was actually a cafe. Luckily I really, truly ran out of places to eat in Palo Alto and had to come to Daddy Yelp for some inspiration. (Amazingly, it took me 5 years.) Service is awesome. Courses are well-timed, and the huge-peppergrinder-wielding dude pops up out of nowhere to sprinkle magic on your food. But my reviews are almost entirely for the food, as they should be. And this place just beat out Osteria as best Italian in the area. We got the: o wild boar sausage (spicy, piping hot, juicy, and accompanied by wonderful cannellini beans)o wild mushroom linguini (a symphony of flavors)o four-cheese stuffed chicken (boyfriend loved it. I liked it but was happier with my linguini...perfect because he didn't eat all my food, as he usually does)As a bonus, if all those freshmen on campus are making you feel old, you'll feel immediately younger when you step into this place. We had septagenarians on both sides.
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2007,3/4/2008,41,28,4,8,5>I love YHC.  I use to go to a studio in Old Town, San Diego and loved it there too but YHC is so much more relaxed.  I think a more relaxed environment makes more sense because Birkram Yoga ain't easy, let me tell you.  It is one of the hardest forms of exercise I have ever done so I don't know why there are studio's where instructors yell at you and refuse to let you take a break or a drink of water.The instructors at YHC are great.  They are very supportive of your practice and very patient with everyone.  Also, the lighting is dim which I really like because it already feels like you are sitting on the sun because of the heat so bright lights are just extra harsh and unecessary.The only reason why I gave it four stars was because it is a really small studio and I have personal space issues.
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2008,3/3/2008,478,91,12,18,17>============================== ========RJR - Issue # 56 - FUSION EVOLUTION EDITION======================================="TRULY A PROFILE IN CULINARY FUSION MERGING THE TRADITIONAL WITH THE MODERN, THE UNIVERSAL WITH THE UNIQUE, THE FILIPINO WITH THE FOREIGN..."  - Philippine News on Bistro LunetaThis quote from Philippine News sums all up the mission that owners Jon & Janet Guanzon and Chef Emmanuel Santos have aspired to take on - - introducing a unique take in fusing Filipino Cuisine - - with various Asian influencing and a touch of high class flare in presentations...Now I bookmarked this little establishment as a place to try out after reading one of fellow yelper Gil A's "new reviews" back in July 2007. And finally - - one Friday night, my (+1) and I jumped on the 101 - - drove up north and found our way to San Mateo to seek out the Bistro Luneta  after hearing some buzz about it...While in route, we called for a reservation - the gentlemen that answered said that won't be a problem you'll be seated right away.Sure enough there was plenty of room...I believe it was Jon Guanzon himself that led us and showed us to our little table in the front next to their bay windows.   Although there were plenty of tables, Jon had a little reservation sign on our table waiting for us which he removed as he handed us our menus.So let's check it out....see what munchies we selected...~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~STARTERS- Eskalops Adobo - Seared scallops and grilled Portobello mushrooms adobo.   static.px.yelp.com/bphotBEVERAGE - Chinese Artisan Tea (Blossoming Tea)   static.px.yelp.com/bphotENTREES- Seabass Supremo - Pan seared Chilean sea bass with sauteed spinach and mushrooms. static.px.yelp.com/bphot- Salpicao - Ribeye sauteed in olive oil, garlic and special sauce with blue potato. static.px.yelp.com/bphotSIDES- Garlic RiceDESSERT- Churros Manila - Churros with hot Manila chocolate and season fruits.      static.px.yelp.com/bphot~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Now keep in mind, if you're looking for - - typical Filipino food - - that serves traditional selections family style...Be prepare to be supremely disappointed & run home to mama's Filipino kitchen right now or bust out a can of spam to easy your comfort! Because you won't find mommy's cooking at this Asian bistro, indeed you won't. Instead you find a slightly more sophisticated take on the application of Filipino flavors and influences in the culinary arts in Chef Santos' menu.And I have to say with an open mind to fusion , I really enjoyed the Eskalops Adobo and the Sea Bass Supremo that we ordered based on recommendations.  And it's no secret, I'm a feign for Chilean Sea Bass - And to have it in tandem with some garlic rice sheer awesomeness - I love me some garlic rice...  As you can see, the entrees are plated and visually pleasing...and it was a worthy venture to try this place out and experience a bit of sophistication on fine dining with aspiration toward Filipino flavors with such modern flare.I'll have to say we both enjoyed our intimate Asian fusion dinner with an open mind and open taste buds...
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2008,3/1/2008,1088,215,2,6,6>Link one, a number of years ago I brought my friends to Chain Reaction to help them buy mountain bikes. While they looked at the ample selection of bikes and took in the expert advise from the low pressure bike geeks a viciously painted Klein Attitude caught my eye.Link two, this gnarly bike was red and flaming orange, and had an older frame from before Trek purchased Klein. What the hell, I decided why not take this animal for a ride? Link three, I zoomed out the back door and took advantage of CR's generous test ride policy.Link four, after jumping off one curb after another I was hooked. That bike had me at "Attitude." I knew I had to have it. Incredibly most folks had been turned off by said attitude of its fantastic paint job. Dick was a great and knowledgeable sales person and knocked the price down a bit.Link five, my friends didn't buy anything this day. Because they didn't have a bike rack I ended up riding my new love all the way home from Redwood City to Palo Alto. It was one of my best and most memorable rides.Link six, ever since then I've returned for the life-time supply of free water bottles, occasional tune-ups and accessories for my bike. I love this place!Quick tip: CR carries a number of last year's models for a bargain.
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/18/2008,2/29/2008,171,98,7,7,6>Classic Sichuan really sticks to the Sichuan roots, and by roots I mean hot, oily peppers. :) I came to Classic Sichuan with my Uncle and family, along with a few friends for dinner on Christmas this past month and was treated to a classic, traditional Sichuan meal with all the fixens. The braised beef in hot oil and peppers was absolutely delicious and their signature cold noodles dish with a hot mustard sauce was fantastic! My family really knows how to eat, especially my brother and I, and we made sure to try as many entrees as possible. Now for the sad part, deductions:-1 for the annoyingly long wait before we were served our soup, and entrees to follow. I dont know if it was the fact that we were the youngest people in the restaurant, and therefore the loudest, or because they forgot about the order we placed...-.5 stars for serving me the most bland, watery, and un appetizing hot and sour soup I have ever tasted in my life, and trust me, ive had hot and sour soup more times than any korean person has had kim chee along with a meal. finally....-.5 stars for not serving duck...Its Christmas!!!! Where is the full duck and fa ra ra ra rahhhhh ra ra ra rahhhhhh cheer?! I mean i got my Red Rider BB gun....now i want my duckkkk.
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2008,2/28/2008,41,22,5,7,8>Pssst, hey you. Yeah, you, with the skirt steak fetish. Kingfish in downtown San Mateo has one of the best teryaki skirt steaks around. I've had pretty good ones elsewhere, but only one other place on the peninsula. The mashed potatoes are good, and whatever magic teryaki sauce they use made me very happy in my mouth. Is that a weirdass way to say that I liked it a lot? Whatever. It's excellent food, and you need to try it if you're down with the skirt steak scene.Other items I liked that you should like too: the sirloin potsticker appetizer, booze (good wine selection & full bar), and the vanilla bean creme brule dessert. That last one will surely make love explosions in your mouth.I really like the atmosphere in Kingfish. Even though it's a pretty big space and it's wide open, they've managed to make the seating arrangements feel somewhat intimate.  The folks have been very nice to my guests and I, and the service has been quick and on point. What more can I ask? Wait ... I could ask for bigger portions for the cash that I drop. But I won't, because I'll just eat it all and they'll have to use a shoehorn to get my ass out of my chair. And this establishment doesn't look like the kind of place that keeps ass-sized shoehorns around. 4 stars for the good food, service, atmosphere, booze, and presence of mind to not tempt me to stuff myself unnecessarily.
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2008,2/27/2008,0,0,6,10,8>*village pub? great; i'll be having some beer and a burger. fantastic.*uh...no.i was unexpectedly brought here one night after work, thinking i was being whisked off in a lovely purring audi to a casual belated bday dinner. i walked in and expected to see h. clinton or the dean of my uni. dark wood, low lights, white tablecloths, old skool east coast style. i felt at home but underdressed in my paul frank fingerless gloves. oh well.to start: charcuterie. i was feeling like hannibal lecter and wanted as much liver as possible. the plate came with seven or eight pates/ foie gras/  salami along with tiny accompaniments such as a squiggly pile of mustard, cornichons split in half and splayed across each other like food jenga, insane stewed cherries. for some reason i needed more protein, and wanted to be fancy: duck w/ foie gras and spinach. dissolved in my mouth. juicy. buttery. i could have eaten that duck for the rest of my life. don't bother w/ the pumpkin dessert. have a lot of their crusty and fluffy bread. check your phone, see that 4 hours have passed, consider yourself lucky to have indulged...anyone want to take me back?
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2010,10/14/2010,4,298,2,6,8>An exceptional Japanese restaurant in the most unassuming place, Kaygetsu's dishes are creative, beautifully presented, and, most importantly, delicious.I did not order the kaiseki, but everything I had from the a la carte menu was excellent.  The combination of mandarin oranges and duck in the Kamo Salad was outstanding.  The mandarin oranges were the juiciest I've ever had.  The fish on the sashimi plate were melt-in-your-mouth fresh.  My unagi donburi was fragrant and delicious; it was the best eel I've ever had.  To finish the meal, we had the ice cream sampler.  The green tea ice cream and mango mochi ice cream were incredible.  I've never had mochi ice cream with such good texture; usually, the mochi becomes hard and flaky when it's chilled, but this one was just right.  The sesame ice cream was good, but not the best I've had.  The decor is very cute, especially the little chopstick holders.  Our server was the nicest server I've ever had.  In a way, I'm glad that Kaygetsu is a bit hidden; if it were in SF, I'm sure you would never be able to get a reservation.  Truly an exceptional restaurant.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2009,10/13/2010,111,233,5,7,7>Gotta love the British Pubs and this is a damn good one! Random wall decor, dark, smokey and surprisingly comfortable. Warning: watch out for the darts! My friend and I managed to grab a spot on the ultra comfy leather sofa - sweet! We thought it would be funny to order Cosmos at a British Pub which only started to serve mixed drinks a few years ago. The very kind bartender obliged and was up to the challenge. We both watched him as he struggled with the recipe at first but managed to prevail and served up one mean martini. Served in a super large glass and oh so very yummy. Then we figured we ought to try some of the tasty fried goodness they offer. Chicken nuggets and Cheese sticks - oh yeaah! Of course what better to wash all that down than a Stella and a shot of Grey Goose. All this on a school night- watch out!! I have to comment on the jukebox. From the time we arrived to the time we left we heard: Guns n Roses, Metallica, Michael Jackson and the Macarena song. Come on now, how great is that? You can better believe I'll be back to check out the Battling Piano Players and try the deep fried pickles - JOLLY GOOD!!!
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2010,10/11/2010,637,255,6,6,6>I frequent Mantra about once a week if not more for their happy hour food and cocktails. They recently changed their happy hour from 1/2 to 1/3 off everything at the bar, which is a bit of a bummer, but completely understandable as the bar area is slammed every day of the week and continues to do so after the happy hour price change.Their Indian cuisine with Cali influence has never failed to satisfy me. A few of my faves include the Ginger Carrot soup, Chicken Tikka Masala, Rosemary Pesto Naan and the Seabass on curried lentils. Everything they serve is full of flavor, well cooked and light. The only times I leave here feeling nauseatingly stuffed is when my eyes are bigger than my stomach and I decide to order two desserts. Granted, my boyfriend helps with those, but after several appetizers and entrees, my actions here simply equal gluttony.My drink of choice: Lychee martini. Strong, refreshing and goes well with all the meals. I love the bartender John and the manager Torian. They are fun, friendly and make this place one of my favorite spots. See you this Sunday :)
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2010,10/10/2010,876,750,32,24,29>Now sit right back and you'll hear a tale,A tale of a fateful shop.It started on a Castro StreetWith lines that never stopped.The mate was a mighty sandwich man,A skipper brave and sure,His Yelp passengers set sail that day On a Stanford-bound tour.A Staaaaanford-bound tour.The weather started getting rough,Ike's new place was mobbedIf not for the courage of his fearless crewHis Yelp cred would be lostHis Yelp cred would be lost!So Ike set down upon the ground of this uncharted campus isle,With the Dirty Sauce,Fresh Dutch Crunch, too,The Ménage à trois and his wife,The Maaaaario,The Pizzle and Mark Cubaaan,They are here on Ike's new Stanford isle!(It's like Quizno's, only multiple orders of magnitude better. Like Quizno's Cubed, maybe. Mmmm ... Dirty! And you don't need to know linear algebra or be able to solve a 4th order polynomial to know that these sandwiches are gooooood)!
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2010,10/9/2010,130,243,7,11,10>Our blinds (inheireted 3 day blinds) were always in pretty good shape, but they had a few items that needed attention:  valences, rods, and strings.  Pretty much everything but the slats.  3 day blinds does not service anything in-house, and I half-heartedly looked around for months to find someone competent to fix up our blinds.After much searching, I came across Theo DeFriese & Sons.  I called in, explained my situation, and Scott agreed to come have a look.  Even though they usually deal with higher-end blinds, he checked ours out and proposed replacements and repairs which would make everything ship-shape.  We gave him the nod, he ordered parts, and 2 weeks later he was back doing the work.He was neat, conscietious, and really a pro.  When he found that one of our valences was nicked up, he took it and painted it offsite.  He had to modify his restringing of one set of blinds, and was able to get a new repair part quickly and without complaint.  I am sitting here in my newly-properly-blinded house, and everything looks terrific.  For a very reasonable price, we rescued our current blinds and will get great use out of them for a long time.I would definitely recommend these guys!
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2010,10/8/2010,137,208,5,3,3>1 star to start.Food (0.5 stars):For the all-you-can-eat sushi, the quality is just about average, though a few special rolls stand out.  I particularly like getting the Spicy Salmon roll and the UFO roll.  The deep-fried rolls are not that great and very heavy here.  I also do not recommend the quail eggs as they are rather disgusting.  They do have an extensive list of items you can order which is definitely a plus and more than I've seen from other all-you-can-eat sushi restaurants.Service (0.5 stars):Sometimes they get confused as to what you want, but they do a good job explaining how the all-you-can-eat process works.  They did have some issues identifying which rolls were which when delivering them (not a good sign).  The sushi chefs are very fast and you don't have to wait long at all before your rolls are on the table.Value (0.5 stars):$25 for all-you-can-eat might sound like a lot, so it really depends on how much sushi you can eat and how much you like it.  I tend to be a big eater so this is a very reasonable price for me as it this would get me two rolls at most other sushi restaurants, and I can eat more than two rolls.  The lunch menu is $15 but keep in mind that this does not include special rolls.Experience (1 star):I usually have a good time here as I get to eat one of my favorite foods without any bounds, and have some variety to boot.  You get to order 3 rolls per person, at a time, which is plenty and will prevent you from over-ordering initially.  We had an eating contest here one time and that was not quite as enjoyable, but that was our fault (we ended up tying at 36 pieces each).  The restaurant is known for its all-you-can-eat offerings but ordering a la carte will probably net you higher quality rolls (evidenced by a direct comparison of Lion King rolls).Overall:1.0 - Baseline0.5 - Food0.5 - Service0.5 - Value1.0 - Experience=============3.5 stars
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2010,10/7/2010,182,169,10,10,11>Oh Windy City - How I Love Thee! :) (Want to know a secret, you can't go wrong with Pizza & BBQ but don't tell anyone I said that!)Everything here is great from the service to the food which makes Windy City one of my favorite local spots.My favorite thing to order is the Knuckle Suckin' Pit Smoked BBQ with Smoked Pork.  It's even better than it sounds!If your around and thinking of trying Windy City, my only word to you is 'GO!'
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2010,10/6/2010,656,1338,4,48,9>We had dinner here with some friends last weekend. Although they have a "Grand Opening" sign outside their door, they are actually still in their soft opening stage. It definitely showed. On Sat. night at 8:30, we were one of very few tables seated. The space is much nicer than you might expect from outside.Very modern and chic. I haven't had Chinese food in quite some time, but I can still say this is "upscale" Chinese food. The four people in my group decided to order a variety of dishes and share everything. We had: Mushu with beef,Shangahi dumplings, Lions Head Meatball, Seafood Noodles,Black Pepper Beef, and Curry Chicken fried rice. All the dishes were good, with some being better than others. Portion sizes were more reasonable, and not gargantuan as at many places I appreciated that nothing felt greasy or over salted, as can be the case with Chinese food sometimes. Service was....odd....Waters were kept refilled, which I always appreciate, but our server was kind of surly. He wasn't very friendly, and seemed annoyed when we asked him to describe certain dishes. He was a white dude, so it's not like he was insulted that we didn't know everything about this ethnicity of food. He even went so far as to get a bit snooty and rude when I made a comment about dessert not being the "cake" as he described it. It was more like a pudding, or flan. It was odd because I wasn't the only one at the table that tried to get a description of this item. Regardless, it wasn't my kind dessert. Oh well, the apps and entrees were good, but I'd skip dessert next time. I like that it was at least a light dessert, but still wouldn't order it again. I would return, and hopefully they'll have some of their service issues ironed out.
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2010,10/5/2010,80,157,6,5,6>Rudy's! Great appetizers and service.CLEANLINESS: 3/5 SERVICE: 5/5FOOD: 4/5+ Appetizer Sampler+ SlidersA nice bar to grab a drink and chill. They have two separate bars and only one had beer on tap. One of the rooms had an tremendously large television screen, which was pretty cool. My friends and I ordered the sampler and sliders. The sampler was pretty good. My favorites were the potato skin and the cheese sticks. The sliders were also pretty good! Great flavor and very juicy. The bartenders were very nice. The girl at the bar with the beer on tap was very friendly. The guy at the other bar was also very friendly. It's rare to find bartenders like that. (Especially for events that have large amounts of people crowding around to get a drink) The employees here sure know how to keep their cool. He was also very red in the face, so maybe the employees get to drink while working. Haha. Probably not though. While we were eating, they even asked to see how our food was. Great service! And of course, can't forget about the bouncer. Also very talkative and friendly.The location of this place is located in a nice area of Palo Alto. They also have a lot of other restaurants and bars located along the same street. There are classy restaurants and your typical casual restaurants. Plenty of choices!
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2010,10/4/2010,131,459,7,11,8>On Monday I was heading in to work and noticed that SweetCakes was finally open!  I went in and when I asked them if it was their first day of business they said that it was indeed.The cupcakes on display all looked delicious, so I decide to go for the minis--$2 each before tax--so that I could try a few different flavors.  (The regular sized cupcakes are $3.25 each, and they looked bigger than Satura's which are the same price.)The prices seemed a bit much but the cupcakes were soooooo worth it!  The carrot cake mini was fragrant and generously spiced as good carrot cake should be, unlike the good-but-ultimately-bland carrot cake cupcake I'd had at Satura.  There was a little too much frosting for my taste (keep in mind that in my ideal world cakes and cupcakes would have absolutely no frosting whatsoever, or perhaps just a slight dab) but the flavor and freshness of the frosting was right on.The lemon meringue mini had intense lemon flavor, enhanced by a layer of lemon curd underneath the generous kiss of toasted meringue frosting.  An absolute home run eaten with my green tea.I'm not big on red velvet (it's just chocolate cake with food coloring, come on) but I got a mini at SweetCakes because I wanted to see how well they could do it, and it was very well done, with strong cocoa flavor and an intense cream cheese tang in the frosting.  Again, there was a bit too much frosting for my taste, but that's just me.The crumb/moistness for all three minis was perfect, and the clean/intense flavors made them winners.  My only suggestion would be to use less frosting (or tone down the sweetness of the cakes if the amount of frosting is not negotiable).  Also, I noticed that for the minis some pieces were noticeably smaller than others; it wasn't a big deal but more uniformity in the piece size would be appreciated.The prices (and calories!) make it hard for me to recommend this as anything more than an occasional indulgence, but if the quality of the cupcakes remain as good as they were on their first day, the five-star rating will remain.  Get the mini size for a sensibly portioned, decadent treat, or go wild and get the regular size for more bang for your buck!
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2010,2/7/2011,275,727,13,18,15>He doesn't know it yet, but Marty has made a sale. We first encountered Video Only three years ago when a friend of mine suggested we check them out. We were in the market for a new flat panel television and sure enough, they had the best prices. And to this day we love our TV almost as much as life itself.Once again we are in need of another TV. My wife is now a Netflix subscriber and I am being chased from the living room and being sent off to the bedroom. Now this is all fine and stuff, but I refuse to watch a television that is not HD! I just can't go back, I won't! I refuse! Over my dead body!!We have done all our research and checked out the Best Buys, Costcos and other on line retailers. But Video Only once again has the TV we want and at the best price. Marty the salesperson is extremely knowledgeable, took the time to explain the features from each TV and never once tried to up sell nor did he use any high pressure tactics.We left without our future TV, but I am thinking the minute I finish with this review I am out the door to pick up another slice of Heaven for our home.And later that day......The new TV is now tucked away at home and sleeping like a baby. And if you have any thoughts of that we might be returning it then all I have to say is "From My Cold, Dead Hands".
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/27/2010,2/6/2011,358,1030,10,16,8>We've been to U-Me a few times. We love the concept -- it's where babies, toddlers and kids can crawl, walk or run wild and free while the parents and caretakers can sit and relax. It's a large venue that offers safe and clean amusement for our little ones. They have lots to explore: a small kitchen area, a stage with music instruments, a whole room dedicated to jumping, etc. The facility hold various classes for both kids and adults, Music Together being one of them. There is a separate room that can be reserved for private parties. Basically, U-Me makes us wish we could create a space similar to this at our own house...significantly smaller in scale, of course. That way, we don't have to pay $20 per visit.HOWEVER, this place has ONE BIG FLAW, and that is the CAFE. To get a cup of coffee, I had to wait in line for over 30 minutes...and there were only two customers ahead of me. The staff was untrained and unprofessional, particularly the old lady (who almost looked like the boss??). Reluctantly standing behind the counter, she was rude and unfriendly. The lady continued to make other mothers upset as well.SUM: A wonderful venue worth all 5 stars, but  no thanks to the wicked service at the cafe.
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2011,2/5/2011,72,674,7,7,5>SF Bay Trail has so many options....So to narrow my review, I'll admit I am particularly fond of the stretch from Bayfront Park in Millbrae - Seal Point Park in San Mateo.  I'm also a fan of the stretch from Beach Park Foster City - Redwood Shores.  I appear  to hide under my ballcap & rock out on my ipod. I say good morning to strangers sometimes, don't worry, I'm not that arrogant. Cool people tend to be on trails... won't you agree?Some areas that are nice and flat are obviously better for rollerblading than others but the entire trail is conducive to good biking, long stretched for great hiking & spectacular views that you don't appreciate until you spend 5 months in the Midwest.  Ah the Bay, how fortunate I feel to call this home.Sure it's windy. BFD, wear a windbreaker.  North Face makes some nice ones. :)
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2010,2/4/2011,127,1093,5,6,5>I brought my best friend here for his birthday, since he just finished culinary school and I knew he would appreciate the uniqueness of this meal, and we were both really impressed.  It's one of the most innovative and creative meals I've had.We started with the kir tres royal, which is a frozen rod of cassis w/ citrus zest and then sparkling wine over it.  Initially, it's drier, but as the cassis blends with the wine, it becomes more fragrant, almost creamy.We also had a very reasonably priced bottle of sauvignon blanc.  The wine list offers many French wines, with bottles as inexpensive as $30 or so.  There's also the option of wine pairings with each of the courses.We opted for the 10 course.  The 5 course is more traditional, whereas the 10 has more molecular gastronomy.First was the "chocolive" + house made walnut bread.  The chocolive is presented like a truffle but is actually made of a olive miso shell and olive cream inside.  It's not as harsh as the typical olive, and it's balanced well as a spread on the nutty bread.The house breads included a steamed bun, which was perfectly chewy inside.  For dipping, there was an olive oil + balsamic emulsion, which was very light, and more interestingly, a tofu-parsley spread.By course..1) Live scallop sashimi w/soy and lilikoi pearls - it had a bit of seaweed and some Japanese pepper that added a nice kick. 2) Heirloom tomato salad - tender, peeled baby heirloom tomatoes topped w/shallot vinaigrette, but the highlight was the lavender walnut pesto underneath and the walnut tuille. However, I wasn't a huge fan of the lavender foam, which reminded me a bit of soap.*3) 62 degree egg - the signature dish - a perfectly cooked soft chicken egg that's creamy and smooth, over wild mushrooms, seared scallops, truffle salt and a light mushroom consomme. On top, basil pearls (like tapioca!) that popped. Blended together, this dish was a highlight of the night.4) Seared foie gras - the spicy raspberry coulis balances the creaminess of the foie gras. The entire dish should be eaten with all components - the edemame, shiso cream, seared octopus.5) Salad exotique - hit or miss, and a miss for me. The mango spheres were impressively large, and they went well with the perfectly seasoned shrimp. The lime balloons were also unique and created a cool pop. But the cucumber, macadamia nut, coconut water, and lemon yogurt didn't really meld with the rest for me. *6) Halibut ratatouille - perfectly flaky, steamed halibut with a light black miso crust and various "pearls" along the side. The tomato-water was my favorite - the others included basil (too herby), tomato (too pungent), eggplant, and a basil aioli.7) Melon-mint nitro foam - very cool (literally and figuratively), served on a wooden spoon with the liquid nitrogen still flowing - it's like foam chips that dissipate on your tongue, then release flavor even into your nose.  I don't even like melon, but this was a great palate cleanser.*8) Grass fed filet - my favorite of the night.  Perfectly sous vide filet that was super lean yet so tender. It was done in red wine with other spices, so there was no gaminess, and it just tasted like .. beef. It had a light sear on the outside, but impressively had no gradient of doneness inside, and it was easily the best filet I've ever had. It's topped with a dried truffle (not overpowering), paired w/tomato confit and a truffle nage.  We could not stop raving about this dish.9) 14 year gruyere - w/sweet dayglow plum and apricot compote - a very innovative take on a traditional cheese plate.  The cheese is subtle, and the fruits balance it well.10) Lichee + chocolate lilikoi pearls - a mirror to the scallop sashimi, similar in presentation, but perfect for ending the meal.  The lilikoi pearls reminded me of mini coco puffs and went surprisingly well with the lichee, which was marinated in sake (you can still taste the fizz).11) Apricot and peach verbana composition - a peach melba cup with fruity spheres and a vanilla foam, and then plated apricot tart with lemon verbana foam.  It was a beautifully done dessert and was not too heavy.. perfect for summer.Finally, some mignardises.We also had a sewn peach tea, which tastes like warm essence of peach.  The sachet slowly releases a flower as it steeps, and it's very cool to watch.Our server was very charming and knew the food/preparation methods really well.  He was charming and knowledgeable, and the entire restaurant has only 2 "servers," so it's a very personal touch.  The pacing of all the courses is just appropriate, so you're not sitting around waiting, and you don't feel rushed.  Timing is key with molecular gastronomy, as so much of it is temperature and texture, and they do a very impressive job with this.I'm definitely returning for the 15 course. Yes, it's a splurge, as we spent ~$400, but it would be my top choice for a special occasion, especially given its convenient location.
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2010,2/3/2011,227,119,6,7,6>mmm yummy... that's what i think when i hear Broadway Prime.One of my top choices for steak. A lot of people compare this place to the House of Prime Rib. Here's a tidbit: actually a few years ago the chef from the House of Prime Rib transferred over to Broadway Prime so the menu is very similar. This caused a whole lawsuit mess, but anyway... Broadway Prime is the sister restaurant to San Mateo Prime. (The co-owners of each restaurant are brothers. I know this because my aunt is their sister... no this has nothing to do with my review. I personally don't know the brothers so my review is not biased.)I love the prime rib and all the little sides that come with it. Juicy, right size, perfect medium rare, tender, just the right amount of fat... what more can you ask for in a steak? Magnifique! (Image me doing the Italian hand gesture as i say that.)Finished my meal off with a Mondavi Moscato.... delish!
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2010,2/2/2011,447,342,10,9,10>Service, Ambiance, Food = all 5*!!! Amazing.  Delicious.  Friendly. My bf took me here for my birthday, and I am glad he did.  So many diff. types of meat - My top fav. are: LAMB, Chicken Hearts (my bf hates it, but I LOVE LOVE LOVE), Sirloin Steak, Filet Mignon, Pork Loin, Chicken Breast wrapped in Bacon (anything wrapped in bacon is good, ANYTHING), Grilled Shrimp, and Grilled Pineapple (ok, so my top fav = more than 1/2 the menu), so what?! The Fried Bananananananana, so delicious.  The stuff at the salad bar was good too, but I tried not to load up from there, since I had to save room for my meat.  Must have Desserts! I had the caramel waffle ice cream.  It was Delicious!I think $50 bucks for an all you can eat Brazilian place is worth it, but then again...I didn't pay, so what do I know?
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/24/2010,2/1/2011,330,458,5,5,5>The only place in the area to grab your bahn mi sandwiches...  This tiny take-out spot used to be occupied by Quickly (boba drink franchise).  This is a welcome change to the venue as I usually have to travel far to get a decent bahn mi sandwich.The place is tiny (one table inside and a few outside), and is basically meant for take-out.  We ordered up #21 Ham-Headcheese-Pate, and #22 Grilled Pork.  The baguette was a little tough, and my sandwich lacked the jalapeno peppers. Otherwise, it was a fairly ok bahn mi considering that there is nothing else close to this place in the Burlingame vicinity.  That said - it is quite a bargain compared to other sandwiches at $4.50 each; however, not cheap when you compare them to the $2.50 bahn mi's in the South and East Bay.  Then again, it is located in prime real estate next to Burlingame Avenue, so they must have a high rent...  There are plenty of other menu choices that are tempting to try out.  I would definitely come back if I am hankering for bahn mi on the Peninsula.
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2010,1/31/2011,131,459,9,10,10>Ever since Jett Cakes' truck has started hanging out on certain days at the county courthouse in Redwood City, Sweetcakes down the street has had some serious competition!I've enjoyed every flavor I've tried so far from the truck, but on balance the cupcakes at Jett Cakes are noticeably greasier/more sugary than Sweetcakes, which is why I'm not giving a full five stars.  Still, it's yummy stuff, and way cheaper than Sweetcakes: The cupcakes are $2.50, which is 25% less than what Sweetcakes charges.  (In fact, $2.50 is what Sweetcakes is charging for a mini cupcake!)  The choice is yours: Do you spend a little more for a really awesome cupcake, or do you save that change and get a very good one instead?  First World Problems, am I right?Make sure to check the Jett Cakes website to see what days their truck will be in your neck of the Peninsula.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/5/2010,1/30/2011,641,501,7,10,7>Ramen Dojo is currently hot on Yelp.That's how we found it this past weekend. HL: Oooh looks like Santa kept their old space and opened a different kind of ramen shop there!me: Oh? Is that what you want for dinner?HL: Sure!So we headed over, and got ourselves a table and ordered.  The place has only been around for about a month, so the wait wasn't too long.  The interior was remodeled so it felt new and clean.  Why the 3 stars?  Well, fatty, spicy ramen I guess is just not my thing.  I feel that because it was so fatty and spicy they were able to get away with less than perfect broth (even the table next to us were commenting that their soups tasted like nothing special).  In reality, they are probably more of a 3.5 stars but I rounded down.  BTW, they give you a quail egg, but why not a chicken egg instead?  Quail eggs are just as bad for you and are more expensive, and the deliciousness is gone in less than a bite!
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2010,1/29/2011,210,226,5,8,8>Thank you, thank you, Thank you!!!Thank you for being open so late and for taking me in last minute and for being so accommodating! I called at 8pm to see if anyone was available to give me a deep tissue massage that evening.   Lucky for me, they had an opening at 8:45pm.  My shoulder and lower back were killing me even Alieve and Tylenol wouldn't work.  I got in and Amelia was my therapist.  I wasn't sure at first because she's so tiny.  I thought:"oh boy, what did I get myself into"  To my surprise, she holds a lot of strength.  She mainly uses elbows and knuckles but she knows what she's doing.  Her style is a bit different than what I'm used to but it's still effective.If you're looking for someone who moves along the body at a slower pace, I'd recommend seeing someone else. If you're looking for someone to get into those knots and basically knead you over like dough, Amelia's your girl.
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2011,6/18/2012,29,866,,3,4>This place so crowded every single weekend afternoon. The space inside the store is small and people just line up across the little plaza outside.With the amount of people crowded in front of their glass cases of food, and the menu only covering a small portion of what they have, it's literally impossible to figure out what you want before they yell for your order. Also impossible to grab your food from them easily when it's ready.However, I must say, their baguettes are delicious. Ham and cheese is my default when I'm rushed. Not really a fan of their soup though, and never bothered to fight the soccer moms to squeeze in front of the desserts to order any.I'm not sure if this place has any off-peak hours. But if you manage to grab some bread from them, you'll be pleased with what you got.
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,6/17/2012,13,101,,7,2>I've been a member here for 10 years, and there are definite advantages and disadvantages, most of which have been reviewed.  The advantages:-Accessibility--In general, you can get whatever cardio or weight machine you want when you want it, it always gets crowded around New Year's, but otherwise it's accessible.  The third to half of the equipment is rotated  about every three years, the maintenance is decent (but not perfect). -Racquetball--I can't play too much anymore because it wrecks my back, but I do love playing and they have some of the few courts available in the peninsula.-It's clean--Most of it is carpeted (including the locker rooms), but there is no smell and they regularly maintain the locker rooms to a standard that is higher than other YMCA's I attend.-Classes--They have them, I tend not to use them but I can tell a lot of people like them.  Spinning is downstairs in one of the converted racquetball courts.-Sauna and hot-tub--Nuff said.-Child care--Very good for weekends when you need to get some exercise and the wife needs a break.-Free coffee and cocoa.-FittLinxx--I used to use it, but got lazy.  It's a good logging tool for your exercise program.-Very friendly staff.The disadvantages-No windows--It does feel like an interior room.-Cell phones don't work-No pool or basketball court.-Kind of pricey for a Y.-Sometimes the music for aerobics is too noisy.-Driving Access--Getting in or out of Page Mill or El Camino is a pain during rush hour.Overall, quite worth it, especially if you work in the area.
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,6/16/2012,198,547,2,7,4>I promised I'd give this place another try and I'm so glad I did! I finally like it..The trick is: Order 1.5 main course plates per person! Seriously 1 plate just isn't enough food to keep you satisfied. It kinda reminds me of Cafe Gratitude in the sense that you have to do a whole lot of ordering to finally get full. But, it's actually slightly better and cheaper that Caf. Gratitude minus the snob factor.So, for 2 people we ordered the unfired chicken, the classic burger, and their beet salad. They also have fresh OJ which paired perfectly with our lunch.
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2012,6/15/2012,1137,482,10,6,7>Dear Santa,I've been a very good boy this year.  All I want now is a big bowl of piping hot pork broth ramen with an extra egg and some delicious kurobuta pork.That's all for now.Happy Holidays,JustinP.S.  Enjoy the milk & cookies ;)P.P.S.  Say hi to Rudolph =D
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2011,6/14/2012,358,1030,6,10,8>Dohatsuten gets all 5 stars for its stellar customer service.And here's why. We had ordered a bowl of ramen on behalf of a friend who was supposedly arriving soon...but she still hadn't showed up when her hot noodles came out. The waiter politely took the bowl away and made another one once she arrived. As for the food, I am not a big fan of the ramen. It's nice how you can customize your bowl in various ways (like at most other ramen joints), but I'm not keen on the broth itself. The noodles aren't so memorable. However, the yakimeshi is worth a visit, and ever since taking a bite of my friend's curry yakimeshi, I've become a fan of it. I like the slightly burned, crunchy sections, aka "okoge".SUM: Great service. Thank you again for remaking the noodles.
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,6/13/2012,751,680,17,18,20>About a year ago, there was a little pit in my wife's windshield.  Didn't look so bad, so I didn't bother looking at getting it replaced.  Months went on by, and this pit started to propagate into a crack about a half inch on each side.  More months went on by, and this crack grew longer.  Still, I was too lazy to get it replaced.Finally, this crack grew East to West across her windshield, and the crack had nowhere else to go.  With cold weather coming up, maybe it was time for me to get it replaced.Looking through the local Yellow pages, there are so many windshield replacement shops out there.Where should I go?  I searched Yelp, and Atlas Autoglass came up on top, and judging from the previous reviewers, it was worth a giving them a call.When I called, Paul provided me with quote to replace my windshield.  The price wasn't the lowest, but pretty much on par with other shops.  What impressed me was that Paul was very courteous over the phone, and provided me details on what would be done.What's more, he said he had a slot open for next few hours, and he could take me in.Well, that sold it for me.Dropped off the car, and came back a few hours later.  The windshield looked great, and the seals around it looked pretty tight.Highly recommend Atlas for windshield repairs and replacements
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,6/12/2012,167,739,3,6,4>This is a brand new sister restaurant to the Gemelos on Middlefield. I love that it's so much closer to our place than the other one. They did a great job turning a vacuum store into a taqueria; everything is new and bright and nice and they're rocking the same yellow and green theme as the other restaurant. The tacos and sopes we sampled were just as great as we're used to from the other Gemelos. Awesome for them they have a much more visible place on El Camino now!
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,6/11/2012,44,150,3,3,2>Best go kart racing experience ever. In fact, after running the tracks here, I'm convinced the little electric jobs I've always raced before aren't qualified to be called go karts.They're hardcore here, no joke. You'll be wearing a racing jumpsuit over your clothes, a headsock over your head, and a full facial coverage helmet. You'll watch a safety video with horrible acting. Then you'll be turned loose to burn rubber and drift around corners and spin out and go OMGREALLYREALLYFAST to your heart's content.My only gripe? I somehow managed to come in 2nd place every SINGLE time, no matter how fast I felt like I was going. I'll get you next time, my friends!Be prepared, you WILL be sore after this. At first I thought awww, three races? That's lame. After the third race, I wanted a hot tub and a margarita. Manual steering, kids. It's no joke when you're driving super fast.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,6/10/2012,55,348,6,8,6>As all the other reviewers noted, this is truly a perfect place to go for a bike ride, a nice jog, or simply a walk with the family. The flat trails surrounded by marshes, wildlife, and a nice breeze from the Bay make this a peaceful place to enjoy a weekend afternoon. At one point I accidentally ended up on a trail that ran between the freeway and the Palo Alto dump -- it was kind of noisy and smelly, so just be sure to plan out your run so you stay close to the bay.
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2012,6/9/2012,676,1464,3,6,6>Pasta Moon... This place definitely holds a special place in my heart. Hubs and I came across the name of this restaurant when we went to the Boss of Sauce competition years ago. When we sampled the 25+ different ones, we rated Pasta Moon's as our favorite. Grabbed their card and filed it away, thinking that when we made it out to HMB, we'd go there to eat. HMB has always been a fond place for us; Hubs planned a few dates for us when we were dating out there. The next time we drove out to relax, we stopped by Pasta Moon. The food definitely DID NOT disappoint. I ordered their homemade papperdelle with pancetta and Hubs, aka BF at the time had the lasagna. Repeated trips there....And I always stuck with the papperdelle.Time passed... and one random summer day, Hubs and I were hiking along the cliffs when he proposed. We celebrated dinner at Pasta Moon that night; with a new sparkly accessory on my finger. It was my first meal as an engaged gal. And yes... I had the papperdelle. Months passed, the night before our wedding in HMB, my in laws hosted our rehearsal dinner here.... again, the papperdelle was the last meal I had as an engaged gal. Service here for us has been good; and the food has been consistently solid and delicious.Thank you for being a big part of our lives! There's just something magical in that papperdelle!
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/1/2009,7/6/2009,570,972,7,7,7>This is a man bar, and if the Man Show was still around, they would shoot an episode here. Nothing flashy or pretty, just a classic traditional bar that smells like sweaty armpits all over. Tons of good beer by the pint to choose from (love the IPA and the featured beers) and they have a pretty good cider as well that hits. Great bar food like Shepperd's pie and, my favorite, fish and chips with cheese and garlic covering the fries; people should get arrested for cooking up stuff like that.
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2008,7/5/2009,1,7,4,8,6>I saw Ari for the first time yesterday and I kep thinking to myself, "I have to review ths experience on Yelp ASAP" because it was a truely wonderful hour and a half. She was right on time, so there was no waiting. We talked for a couple of minutes about the messed up condition of my hair (I was a dummy and attempted to color my own hair a few months ago. Needless to say it was a disaster). I was explicit about not having any red put in my hair, but I love that she was firm and told me that if I really wanted the rich chocolate color I was going for, then there needed to be some undertones of red. I suppose  I was confusing the brassiness of my bad dye job with a "proper" coloring experience.Anyway, once the color went in and I sat under the dryer, Ari gave me an awesome rinse and head massage- I thought I had gone to heaven and wanted to stay as long as possible. I don't know what shampoo she used, but it smelled delicious, so all of my senses were absolutely delighted and relaxed at the same time. Ari wasn't a super chatty person- thank you! For me, she offer a perfect blend of quiet and conversation (especially during the rinse out- silence was golden a that point).  She was also was very kind to offer me some suggestions as to how a more flattering cut would work for me. Knowing that going to see her is a big financial treat for me, she knew that I wouldn't necessarily be able to go see her for a cut, so I thought it was really thoughtful to offer the suggestions purely out of a helpful and caring spirit. I really, really liked Ari and her work, so I highly recommend her!
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2009,7/4/2009,523,353,10,8,8>Took my bf here for his birthday dinner in december.A few take aways:1) Definitely something you want to try at least ONCE. Doesn't have to be wakuriya, but just kaiseki experiences in general. (I was torn between Wakuriya and Kaygetsu)2) You will feel really special here, they pretty much serve around less than 25ppl at a time. If you get to sit at the bar you can see them preparing the next course as you're eating.3) Adjectives I would use to describe this place: Quiet, respectful, polite, subtle, detailed, attentive, intimate, comfortable4) Umami flavor has been a common flavor theme in a number of dishes.5) I had uni that I actually liked. It was warm and steamed. And it was darned good.6) Mochi anything = madd delicious!7) Mini le cruset dutch oven + mini cast iron skillet = food can be cute and good.8) You'll leave pretty full, but your wallet will feel slightly lighter :)Their menu changes every month, they close the restaurant during the holidays for like 2 weeks so they can go to Japan and experience the forefronts of food in Japan to bring back to their restaurant. The overall flavors of the food here are clean, not overwhelming and killing your tastebuds. Definitely not along the same flavors or style that you would typically experience at restaurants like house, gary danko, Michael mina, etc. The food here gives you a chance to play with different textures in each bite and simple flavors that some people aren't accustomed to in the U.S. My only gripe, well if you want to call it a gripe is, I was just disappointed that some expectations weren't met in my mind b/c I was picturing a lot of cooking and busy-ness in the process of preparation of the food, but the chefs had everything all cut and pre-prepared in Tupperware containers so most of the 'cooking' that we saw from the bar was more so of the quite and calm assembling of the next courses as we were eating. I dunno maybe I'm just ignorant to what was going on, but I kind of imagined in my mind that I was to see sweat and work and chaos and effort going into the preparation of my 'expensive' meal. LOL. Am I classy or what...Oh yeah. I want more sashimi. I don't care, I'm American, I'm a fatso and I want more sashimi... please. Overall a quality experience, I wouldn't come here more than once a year. I kind of wished that they served waygu beef or toro, so if I come across their menu and see it, I might be here sooner rather than later.
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2009,7/3/2009,836,728,7,13,11>Family fun!Inviting studio/homeRusty with drawing and painting? No worries.Every piece is different and personalWonderful Lisa to assist your needsOf course you can bring in catered food. We did!Right place to come for team building!Keeps everyone busySuch a hidden treasure, indeed!!!LOVE this place!!!!! I came here this evening with about 15 of my co-workers for an evening of team building! We got food catered from Cantakerous and we had lots of yummy drinks!! Lisa the owner was just a wonderful person to accommodate us all! When we arrived to setup the food, everything was laid out for us already (ie. sponges, paper mats, bowls of water, etc.) There are so many ceramic stuff in here to paint!!! The evening went by quickly and we had a blast painting our dinner plates! I've actually had this place bookmarked since '08? So I'm glad I recommended it to my supervisors! You should too! Or at least bring your significant other or kid(s), family, friends, etc.!! This place is hidden. I've actually walked by this place many times admiring the metal address sculpture on their lawn every time I walk to church in the mornings. It's a true local flavor. Lots of free parking! You'll love your time here!  I can't wait to come back again and paint some more!! :DGo green take: Caltrain, Lightrail; VTA #22, 51, 52, 522
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2009,7/2/2009,751,680,22,23,23>Even after a white chocolate mocha and a lemon cranberry scone from La Tartine, I still had a craving for some intense sugar.  After I picked up my car from the auto shop in Redwood City, I made my way back up to San Mateo by driving North on El Camino Real.I successfully fought off that urge when I passed by Happy Donuts near Sequoia Station.  Got a little difficult, but I passed by Donut House near Whipple.  But when I approached Pilgrim Kitchen on the border of Belmont and San Mateo, I couldn't resist!I pulled into the spot right in front of the bakery.  Walked in, and paid for 2 chocolate old fashions (for the girls, wink wink), a glazed old fashioned, and a glazed buttermilk bar.  I requested a separate bag for the buttermilk bar because I intended to eat in the car.A dense and buttery goodness, covered in a nice thick sugar glaze that crunched with each bite.  I was in heaven, and my sugar craving was satisfied!  My only regret was that I forgot to order a black coffee to wash it down.It was so good, I talked my oldest daughter into some donuts the next day.  This time we requested a box of 2 glazed raised, 2 glazed old fashions, 1 chocolate French donut, a dozen donut holes, and a glazed blueberry cake.  We couldn't wait to go home, so we opened the box and ate one of the glazed raised, a glazed old fashioned, the blueberry cake.  Oh so good!  Apparently, other parents had the same idea, and I saw a lot of families out with their kids enjoying their donuts.Nothing like donuts as a catalyst for bonding between parents and kids.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/2/2008,7/1/2009,537,588,8,9,9>Good but not great...I'm #162 on the Yogurtouille Train. I finally got to dessert here after dinner at Santa Ramen with Jim C. and my wife.   She had the space and a craving for this place.   I was too bloody full but that didn't prevent me from having a bowl of yogurt. Lolia's review is spot on (see: yelp.com/biz/yogurtouill  ). It's not the greatest yogurt. The dispenser shoots too much and too fast.   The staff isn't attentive enough to offer samples as in Cupertino's Tartini.  I'm not a big fan of any of their toppings except for the Mochi. The interior is overwhelmingly ORANGE and is striking at night.  We came in at 5PM and the sun was still shining.  The effect of this space is better at night.  I had a $2.00 cup of Vanilla & Chocolate Twist with a squirt of Cookies and Cream yogurt.  All of these yogurts were sweet. I wish I had gotten a sample of the Cookie and Cream initially, because I didn't like it.  The Vanilla/Chocolate twist was decent but not special.  We're spoiled at work with free frozen yogurt on Tuesdays and Thursdays, Yogurtouille's Twist reminded me of standard food-service yogurt from work.  For toppings, I tried their chocolate chips, peanut butter chips, eggless cookie dough, lychee jelly and (courtesy of my wife) mango none of which were stand-outs.   I prefer the chocolate chips at Red Mango (see: ). The Peanut Butter chips were odd tasting, bitter, and not too sweet and didn't complement my vanilla & chocolate yogurt twist.  The eggless cookie dough is dry and crumbly and not worth trying again, I'd risk salmonilla poisoning for some egg providing texture and structure  in my cookie dough.  The lychee jelly had me craving the Nato De Coco or cooconut jelly of Tartini (see: ). I had a small spoonful of my wife's Mango and Mango yogurt and the actual fruit was too sour and tart.  The yogurt itself was creamy but too sweet. I prefer my mango fruit sweet, soft, and succulent.  I like the texture at Yogurtouille but the yogurts I tried or sampled were not too tart.  Parking is semi-convenient on the street if you are lucky.  $0.35 an ounce.  Frequent buyer cards available.  I'll be back but only because Red Mango and Tartini are too far.times visited: 2
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2009,6/30/2009,217,249,9,12,9>We went there a couple weeks ago with some friends. We all opted for the prix fixe Mardi Gras menu. The salad was yummy although I had to opt out of the mandarin oranges because I'm allergic. We each tried an appetizer and  I think the crab cakes and hush puppies were what stood out. 3 of us had the shrimp CreoLa which was very tasty! And one of us had the Sunday chicken on Thursday. Apparently, Sunday chicken is tasty on Thursdays, too! .... and then dessert.... Can I actually FIT another thing in my stomach at this point?? Yes... yes I can! ALL of the desserts were wonderful. Especially that... pie thing... Double pie?? WoW!!! I think I'd go back for just that! Yeah, we'll be back here and we'll be drinking that VooDoo beer again, too!
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2009,6/29/2009,358,1030,16,26,22>Once in a blue moon, we get exceptionally lucky with our choice of restaurant. Our visit to Gibraltar was one of those lucky times. From start to finish, we truly enjoyed our first dinner here!5 stars for the AMBIANCE. It has everything I look for - open kitchen, bar, relaxed space and dim, but not too dark, candle-lit setting. Best of all, they have several partially enclosed and elevated booths in the back (*ask for this when making your reservation!) where you sit on the carpeted floor among a bed of cushions. It is SOOOO COMFY!  I almost fell asleep after a glass of wine.5 stars for the SERVICE. The people here are trained to provide you with the warmest hospitality. From the moment we walked in, we knew we were in good hands. Our waiter was helpful and attentive, and so was everyone else. 4 stars for the FOOD, for now. Possibly 5 stars, but we haven't tried enough dishes to be certain. We started with the MOUSSAKAA LUBNANI, which was very tasty and comforting, and the JOUE DE BOEUF (braised wagyu beef), which was a bit too heavy for us. For main, the CASSOLA and the CATAPLANA DO MARISCOS. Both were excellent, very fresh and flavorful, and left us mmm'ing for a while. 5 stars for the MENU. They have a wide array of pan-Mediterranean dishes, e.g., Lebanese, Italian, Turkish, Portugues, French, Catalan... Next time we'll do the prix fixe (from 5pm to 6pm, Tuesday to Friday), or the tasting menu where you pick 5 different items off the menu, including the dessert. I believe it's currently priced at $60, which is so reasonable. The wine list is impressive, and not overpriced as far as I can tell. Lastly, 5 stars for the location, which is perfect. Away from the busy main street and downtown, it's calm and romantic. The best way to end the evening would be to get a room at the Beach House across the street. SUM: Definitely 5 stars.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2009,6/28/2009,1,4,4,6,5>They've done it again.  My girlfriend and I dined here last night and it was apparently a very slow night on the strip.  We were greeted warmly by their only one waiter and promptly informed us of items that are not available that night--which was good, at least they push their stock.  We had the roasted crabs, garlic noodles and salad which is more than ample for two.  The mango salad was actually a pickled mango which we never had before and we were but pleased.  Dressing is light with a touch of pepper and lemon juice with olive oil.  Very refreshing!Now the crabs.  We inhaled it.  It tasted very fresh and the roasting juice was nothing but orgasmic!  The noodles were, of course, outstanding.  Light, not reeking with garlic, it compliments the crabs.This is my fourth time at Alimango and will definitely be back.  Service is great when the place is not too pack so I guess I know when to return.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2009,6/27/2009,457,309,4,10,10>Hidden in the back of a strip mall near the Foster City post office, Tokie's is a cute little Japanese restaurant that is surprisingly busy even on a weeknight!  Came here with a big party, and they accommodated us pretty well.  The service was really friendly and pretty timely.  I appreciate that my food came out fast and that the waitress wasn't so annoyed that I took a million years to figure out what I wanted to order!Everyone seemed fairly pleased with their dinners, and the combination dinners came with quite a bit of food!  Mine came with beef teriyaki, some noodle-y thing, tempura (two shrimps and a bunch of vegetables), miso soup, salad (which I didn't like), and a scoop of ice cream (orange sherbet which I got or green tea)!  I don't know how all that fit into my stomach, but it did, and it was good.Actually though, other than that it's literally in the backyard of my complex and I could walk there faster than I could drive, I don't know that I'd be back because this is sorta the typical Japanese fare and not more impressive than other places.  However, again, service was good, and price was ok (but not great) and they were able to take us all and I don't know that we had even made a reservation so that's pretty nice!
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2011,12/28/2011,139,177,5,8,5>Places like The Refuge can suffer from distance-after living abroad and regularly saying to myself "When I get back, the first Rueben I'm eating is at The Refuge...the SECOND Reuben I'm eating will be at The Refuge..." I ran the risk of the reality not meeting up with the memory.HAH!  No worries.  As one reviewer calls it, the "salty fatty goodness" is just as yumilicious as ever, and maybe even a little better.  I hit it at lunch time and easily got a spot at the bar although the tables were jam packed, and rounded lunch out with a decent wheat beer.  It is a little on the pricey side for some, but it is downtown SC and two people could share a sandwich and fries with a couple of beers and be plenty satisfied.Bottom Line: I'm already looking forward to my NEXT Reuben...
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2011,12/27/2011,206,213,8,9,7>I have been at Nine Rubies Knitting for the past four Sunday mornings taking .......zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz­zzzz.......................oh, i'm sorry I fell asleep.  Must be old age!  Just kidding...but my friend thinks i'm such a grandma for taking knitting classes here at Nine Rubies.I never would have known this place existed had it not been for the Living Social Deal.  $15 for $30 worth which you could apply towards lessons which is exactly what I did.  I signed up for Knitting 101 and it's $75 for four 2 hour lessons.  I finished my last class today and I already plan to sign up for 102.  The staff here is really nice, knowledgeable and helpful.  My instructor, May was also nice and extremely patient with our small class of 5.  I learned the basics of knitting and well on my way to finishing my first project, a scarf...at least I plan on finishing it if I don't get distracted!Highly recommend this place if you are interested in learning how to be a grandma or in need of some gorgeous yarn.  Stop by and check it out!
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2011,12/26/2011,65,84,7,6,5>$38 for a brazilian! yes, believe it. it's really that cheap.never in my life have i had such a reasonably priced brazilian. i'm still amazed by how cheap it costs. dottie, the owner, is a great waxer and minimizes the pain for you. she uses the hard kind of wax, the one that dries. the process takes a little longer, but it's relatively painless. she'll even pluck the stray hairs with tweezer afterwards.now every waxer has their own method for getting the backside. some have you lay on your side, others have you lay on your stomach. well dottie has you on all fours. it's a little awkward, to say the very least. but she's used to looking at cooches all day, so who am i to get a little gun shy about it.cheap + clean + friendly service = dottie has herself a new regularedit: btw you can text her to make an appt if it's more convenient for you. sure beats playing phone tag.
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2011,12/25/2011,58,71,5,6,7>Get ready for a delicious roller coaster ride! Kabul is one of those places you hear about over and over as being a great place to eat, but until you go, just just won't fully understand. At first I was more than hesitant about going. Quite frankly I didn't know what to expect. I'm glad I did. The prices are more than reasonable, the staff is extremely polite, and even funny. If you want to book a large group, they can handle it. I have made reservations for up to 35 people. My favorite items are: La Wang - Roasted chicken served in a creme sauce over a bed of rice. This is m absolute favorite!Mater Challaw (sp): Kind of like a lamb stew with a rich flavor and smell. It's so yummy. Wait, maybe this is my favorite?Chicken & Beef Kabobs: I dont know how they do it, but they are cooked to perfection, the meat is tender, juicy, and seasoned just right. Now whatever you get, by all means get a side of Kadu. Its baked pumpkin, with a yogurt sauce and a little minced lamb on top. This may not sound like your thing, but trust me, you will crave it once you try it.I would also recommend the rosewater pudding as a light dessert, if you have room.
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2011,12/24/2011,751,680,14,20,20>Whenever nearby Crepevine, Alana's, or Stack's are just too crowded for lunch or brunch, we head here for lunch. I've been here several times with the family for lunch. Owned by the San Francisco Soup Company, this restaurant, offers more than soup. They have salads, pastas, sandwiches, and different flatbreads. Also have a pretty good kid's menu. After one orders at the cash register, one of the servers will seat you to one of the tables. Very brightly-lit inside, with lots of tables and booths. There's inside dining, or if you prefer, covered patio dining. Over the past few visits, we ordered the following: -Soup trio: Choice of three soups. Come with a side of sourdough bread. Good portion for each of the soups. -Short rib panini (yelp.com/biz_photos/OzJG): Rib meat, grilled between two slices of bread, came with a side of marinara sauce, and a side salad. Tasty sandwich, rib meat was good, but may be a bit mushy. -Asian Chicken Salad (yelp.com/biz_photos/OzJG): Not bad, chicken breast was grilled to order. -Parmesan Fries (yelp.com/biz_photos/OzJG): Freshly made, arrived hot to the table. -Kids Penne Pasta (yelp.com/biz_photos/OzJG): Choice of sauces. My daughter choose butter and cheese. Came with a side of carrots and a salad (these sides weren't popular with my daughter). Soups: -Corn Chowder: Very thick, nice sweet corn taste, but not overly sweet. -Clam Chowder: Also thick, full of potatoes, clams and bacon. -Chicken Masala Soup: Thick soup, with a touch of cumin and curry, and rice. Tasty, but a bit on the bland side. -Lobster Bisque: creamy and rich. -French Onion Soup (yelp.com/biz_photos/OzJG): Came in its own crock. A hearty soup, very cheesy, but perhaps too cheesy. So much cheese, it mixed in with the onion soup, and looked more like a cheese soup. Overall, the soups were tasty and good, but my only complaint is that I would have liked the temperature of the soup to be a little bit more hot. On my past few visits, the temperature of some of the soups were above lukewarm, making the soups too thick. The servers were very efficient, and friendly, making sure the food comes out promptly, and the empty dishes were cleared. The manager would come around and check in with the diners to see if everything was alright. A 3.5 star place, but will round up to 4.Convenient for a quick lunch or dinner.  Will be back.
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2011,12/23/2011,267,761,3,3,3>Yum yum! It's like they have the best of both worlds there! Burgers, pizza, and Mexican food with a twist~ My friend and I got 4 tacos for 99 cents each and 1 Thai chicken burrito to split. I was expecting something else for the tacos. They're served on soft tortillas with some lettuce and lime. No tomatoes? I LOVED the burrito though. It was an interesting fusion of rice, pineapple, and chicken. I would love to come here for lunch every day if only it weren't so far of a walk for me. I think next time I'm going to try their pizza that they're supposed to be famous for. Be aware that lunch time the lines are long and the service isn't actually speedy.
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2011,12/22/2011,58,87,6,9,5>I hestitate to write a review for this place because I am afraid, if the word gets out too quickly, this place will become too busy that it will no longer be pleasant.  But as a good Yelper, I can't help but to share my great experience in this local neighborhood gem.  Bottomline:  I am an instant fan!  Will definitely be back with the babies in tow.What it is:  it is hard to describe this place but it would be cafe meets gymboree meets relaxing lounge meets affluent suburbia.  The concept is wonderful - a converted house with different areas - living room, playroom, patio, sandbox for kids.  Essentially, it is like hanging out at someone's house except it comes with servers and a very nicely done playroom for the little kids. What it is good for:  I know this place is catered towards leisure moms of the affluent los altos community who want to bring their kids here to hang out with other leisure moms of the affluent los altos community - but I really enjoyed it even as non-leisure mom - I worked here on my laptop for a few hours with free fast wifi at a large table next to a bright window - essentially, way more pleasant than small home office.  This definitely beats many of the cafes -- it is bright and cheerful and generally quiet - at least on a weekday morning.    You get free Wifi as well.   This concept also solves many of the typical playdate issues -- whose house (because frankly, the thought of cleaning up after a crazy playdate is just not appealing), what food (good selection of healthy food and drinks) and how to entertain the kids while you try to have some adult conversation (the playroom and the general kid friendliness).  I must say the playroom looks so fun that even I want to play in it - the toys look clean and developmentally appropriate - my favorite part of probably the large fish tank, which I am sure will please any kid.  In terms of prices, it is not cheap - but this is los altos, so you do expect them to price to the affordability of patrons and be able to get away with mediocre food.  However, I don't think food is the focus of this place.  Service was great also - they were responsive and checked on me multiple times.Bottomline - highly recommended, this will now become my default 'playdate' location so that my friends and I can hang out and chat while the little ones can occupy themselves in the playroom.
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,12/21/2011,1533,1062,15,20,19>Divino is pretty damn divine!  I love me a good Papardelle so naturally I ordered the Papardelle Bolognese ($15.50).  I enjoyed how they topped it off with fresh Ricotta giving it a light creaminess.  The pasta was so fresh & soft & the sauce yummy.  He ordered the Maiale ($19.95), which was a breaded pork cutlet with prosciutto, mozzarella, caramelized onion & vinsanto sauce.  He said that the pork was alright, the breading however wasn't crispy but the sweet vinsanto sauce made it enjoyable.  He also got a glass of the Pinot Grigio ($8.50).  We also ordered a side of the Cimi di Rape ($7.50)  (broccoli rabe) which was alright.  Olive oil & garlic, you can't go wrong with that ever, right?  We skipped dessert because we were about to burst.  Divino does give generous portions.  Glad we found another Italian restaurant gem in the Peninsula.
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2011,12/20/2011,198,547,7,6,6>Mola is a diva! Make-up, Fashion, Hair, she is a make-over guru!She is in such high demand that all of her clients are by word of mouth. She's very busy so call at least a week in advance for an appointment!I was referred to Mola from a friend (Jenn, who also wrote a Yelp review here) and  Mola did some highlights and a trim for me. I'm very happy with the results and my hair looks very natural and healthy! I want to come back and get my make-up done by her, she did an EXCELLENT job on my friend!!The best thing about Mola is that she is straightforward and will tell you exactly what she thinks. She also gives spot on fashion advice :)
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,12/19/2011,358,1030,6,7,7>My body was screaming in pain one day so I quickly made an appointment with Happy Feet. I wasn't sure what to expect here, but figured if it's going to be only $30 for a one-hour massage (including the tip), why not???When asked if I wanted to request anyone in particular, I just replied, "someone STRONG". The lady masseuse wasn't as strong as I wanted, but perhaps my body was too stiff, almost numb, to feel the pressure. Nonetheless, I enjoyed the treatment that was a little ticklish at times (especially around the toes!), but both soothing and effective. She covered every part of my body from head to toe, and when I complained about my left shoulder being particularly stiff, she spent an extra few minutes at the end to really massage it.The room is a one big communal one with roughly 8 leather reclining chairs. The lights are dimmed, and there's soft music playing in the background to enhance relaxation. SUM: I could do this once a week
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2008,5/23/2009,879,323,16,31,25>Yes, I had ramen two days in a row....  So?!?Yesterday, our group ordered the Butabara (braised pork) ramen, the Butter Corn ramen, and the Ryowa (roasted sesame) ramen.  I really enjoyed the Ryowa and the Butter Corn -- highly recommended!  However, the braised pork one was not very good at all.  The broth was watery in some areas, but sauce-y in others, and the pork itself was cold and not very good.  We wanted to get the chicken karage, as many had recommended it, but unfortunately they were out.  We got a plate of gyoza to share instead, which were actually quite yummy!Now I am torn -- Maru Ichi and Ryowa in the same area!  When I want ramen in Mt. View, which will I have?!  I guess it will just have to boil down to if I want Kuro (roasted garlic) or Cold ramen, then I will go to Maru Ichi, but if I feel like the Ryowa or Butter Corn ramen, I will be back to Ryowa!
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2008,5/22/2009,251,652,10,11,11>I had a wonderful brunch here.  I think that if you come with the right expectations, you won't be disappointed, like those one- and two- star experiences noted by other yelpers.  But I actually had no expectations, and that worked too, so maybe you should get off Yelp and just go.First of all, this isn't a grand historic building with a chic remodel.  It's a quirky old stucco house with add-ons, with worn furniture and carpeting, and too many tables for the room.  All the signage on the premeses and directing potentially interested diners through the backroads to this place were hokey at best.  But plentiful windows and location yield a beautiful view, and the history adds intrigue.  Plus you are in prime post-brunch strolling territory here.The food was good.  Solid.  Above average.  I would go so far as to call the french toast "amazing" and the pastries they put on our plates "orgasm-inducing"*.  I've had better crab cakes, but as a foundation for eggs benedict they were delish.All-inclusive** Champagne brunch is $32.50.  Bottomless coffee, juice, and champagne, those perfect little pastries, plus an entree of your choice.  I thought the menu could have been a little more creative, but I found a few things I wanted to try right away.  The service was sweet.  I'm guessing these were the local teens - kinda gives me a little faith in the upcoming generation and/or makes me want to raise my kids*** in Moss Beach.  Very attentive, effective, kind-spirited.I can't wait to come back here with romantic company and get a drink by the firepit.  Or maybe do brunch again.*I mean, not really, because that would have been embarrassing.**excluding the Pelegrino, which the hostess offered us before we even sat down AS IF it were included in the all-inclusive expensive-ass brunch, but no.  It was $5.***Only hanging out with soon-to-be-married-and-soon-thereafter-pregnant company makes me think about kids AT ALL.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2009,5/21/2009,853,724,8,12,11>The fish and chips is OFF THE HOOK.  I ordered the seafood sampler - fried, fried, and more fried.  Hubs ordered the fish and chips (and he never eats fish...).  Sooooo good.  The outside was hot and crispy, the inside was flaky and fresh.  I ended up enjoying his dish more than mine (my seafood sampler only came with one piece of fish)!We also enjoyed the clam chowder, but not until we were well into the bowl.  I guess we both expected the New England style (cream-based) but this one is not.  Nevertheless, it's tasty and we were fans by the end.We would be back in a heartbeat... beautiful views too (inside but mostly outside the restaurant).  Easy parking across the street.
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/8/2009,5/20/2009,1019,787,8,11,9>Breakdown of my ratingFood: 4Price: 4Service: 3Decor: 2.5Cleanliness: 3Thai restaurants to me all relatively taste the same but for some reason, I like this particular place a little more than the others. Maybe it's because there were so many people seated outside for this restaurant (and the thai restaurant next to it was close to deserted) Maybe it's because I was just really hungry and just wanted to feed my stomach, not really go for quality. Whatever it is, this place hit the spot. The decor makes me feel like I'm in some temple but that's not the point for coming here. First of all, all Thai places I've been to has been pretty cheap; this place is no different. We ordered the Honey Pork, Pad See Ew and Fresh Roll with Duck. The Honey Pork is DELICIOUS (or the sauce is) so I'm definitely a fan of this now. It's slightly sweet and comes in a separate saucer so you can put as much or as little as you want. The Fresh Rolls with duck was surprisingly good. Since it's not as common, I always forget how tasty duck is and this place made it pretty well. The sauce comes with hoisen (?) sauce topped with wasabi sauce. If you're like me, just push away all the wasabi stuff and you're good to go. The Pad See Ew is good but it's just like every other Thai restaurant. I just like to order it because I like consistency and I like that it's not spicy hahaI don't know what other people ordered but when I was looking around, it looks tasty enough that I wanna come back to try the other dishes
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2009,5/19/2009,64,37,9,10,10>The food was solid! It was super tasty but don't expect traditional Indian flavours. We had the Tandoori Black Pepper Steak and the Tilam Chicken (unsure of spelling, as I'm going off of memory - it's not on their online menu) with Garlic Naan. I highly recommend both: can't go wrong with Garlic Naan :DThe cocktails were pretty good too. The star of the night was the Tipsy Lassi, which is mango lassi with mango rum in it. A total winner! The Junooni was just okay, but I think it's because I tried that after I had my adult mango lassi, mmm... I have a feeling I'm going to crave this drink.Based on those two aspects, I'd give it a solid 4 stars, but the decor and ambiance pushed it to 5! It's a very nicely done, loungey place.Definitely coming back to try other dishes here :)
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2008,5/18/2009,802,711,16,18,16>I give it to these guys.  They know how to hot pot.  The service was quick, the food was fresh, and the soup base was great.  There is not a single thing I would do differently for this restaurant.  It was so good that a bunch of my friends took some of the broth home.  10 ppl for 330 plus we had 5 shots of cognac, Remy Martin.  How I hate cognac........this drink reminds me of the 80's.  My friends kenny c and glenda g brought me here for my birthday and they also treated.  Very nice couple.  The only bad thing is that you smell pretty bad after you come here to eat.  I don't mind because I love the smell,   If you decide to go out afterwards.......take note that you might have to bring some cologne and a fresh shirt.  The host came by and asked what was the occassion and my friends said it was for my bday.  We kiddingly said why don't you buy us a round of drinks.  He said I can't  but how about a round of sprite.  We said ok.  haahhahahh.  He was a great sport.It was a great way to end my saturday.  I would love to come back here again!!!
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2009,5/17/2009,289,323,12,14,14>The Cakery is located at the heart of Burlingame Ave. The place is so cute and right when you walk in you can smell the delicious pastries. If Schubert's and Ambrosia made a baby it will be The Cakery. They have a lot of cake selections as well as cookies and pastries. After visiting the MAC store I was craving something sweet. So my sweetheart and I decided to share a mini tiramisu and I also bought some cute cookies for my coworkers. Altogether was under $10. The lady that helped us was really nice as well. She was really helpful and she seemed happy to be working there. We need more of those people in this world! We enjoyed our tiramisu. Even though it was a rainy day it made me feel better after I got my sugar fix. Although The Cakery's tiramisu doesn't taste as good as Stella's tiramisu....their tiramisu is still up there =).
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2009,5/16/2009,98,98,5,7,6>Came here yesterday for happy hour, and had a fun time.  It was pretty crowded around 6 on a Friday, but that's as expected.  It also speaks to the quality of food, drinks, and atmosphere.  When coming here, take it easy.  Don't try to fight for a table/place at the bar.  Relax, talk to Alberto the friendly bartender, have a few drinks and eat some food.  I'd suggest getting the sangria over the margarita.  I like my drinks on the sweet side, and love the fruit floating around.  I had the veggie paella, and it came with nice big and small pieces of veggies.  I've had the seafood before also, and that is do die for!  I will definitely come back here for happy hour/dinner/drinks.
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2009,5/15/2009,75,214,11,11,10>Really wonderful and exemplary service.  Cannot say enough about the friendly bilingual lady who served us, who I suppose is probably the owner.  She brought everything we could have wanted (including water and tea refills) and then some.  Someone in our group asked what samosas are, and she returned with a full round of samosas on the house!  Standing.  Ovation.I had a teriyaki salmon bento with one side (scrambled egg with tomato) and steamed rice.  Only about $8, and most of the non-salmon bentos cost even less.  (See the menu photo by Albert C for other entree and side choices.)  Portion size was good.  Everything was cooked just right.Some of my friends ordered noodle soup instead of bentos.  Big bowls (plenty of food), and tasty too.All the produce is really fresh, plus the sauces are light and seem healthy.  Our server told us that the sweet-and-sour sauce (served with the egg rolls and samosas) is made from strawberries (sweet) and lemon juice (sour).  The teriyaki sauce is much less syrupy than most, which is nice.  Fortune cookies came with the check, and if nothing else it's always kind of fun to compare fortunes.  (Add immature suffixes if you must.)The restaurant only seats a couple dozen people, but take-out is a viable option too.  Tables are small but can be connected.  Decor is nice, from the unusual table shapes to the adorably tiny salt and pepper shakers.food:  4 starsvalue:  4.5 starsservice:  5 starsoverall:  4.5 stars (rounding up to 5)Only real downside is that street parking is metered, but on the bright side it's pretty cheap (something like 50c per hour, a far cry from the City's $3 per hour).I wish Cupertino had a Formosa Bento House!... in bed.  (Wait, what?)
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2009,5/14/2009,388,232,12,18,21>Kalding in Ilocano translates to Goat... and the act of "partying Kalding" means going to a farm (well at least if you live in a place where you don't raise your own livestock), selecting a live goat, then slaughtering it so that you can bring it home fresh and cook very traditional dishes such as Pinapaitan (internals with the bile & vinegar as a soup base), Kaldereta (stewed goat in a tomato sauce), and Kilawen (raw or can be slightly blanched goat meat ceviche style with lemon & vinegar). I have memories as a young child driving to Stockton or Livermore to "party kalding"... they weren't fond ones since the thought of killing a live animal wasn't too fun as a 6 year old!  My brother and I used to hide in the back of our van and cover our ears so that we wouldn't hear the goat cry!As I grew into my teen years I stopped going with my family just because I would rather stay home and talk on the phone or hang out with my friends.  The thought of "partying kalding" just didn't seem cool.It wasn't until I turned 20 that I realized that my family was a dying breed.  I have many Ilocano friends but only a few of their families took the time to do this.  First of all, it isn't cheap. Some farms can cost up to $250 per goat and on top of that, the commute is never easy when driving to Stockton, Livermore, or Pleasanton.  Regardless of the trek, my family loved to do this because of my grandfather.  By the time we came home, grandpa Pablo had already sharpened all of his knives and prepared his seasonings and condiments.  This was a small taste of his old life in the Philippines as a self-sustaining farmer himself when raising his family in the province of Illocos sur.When I turned into my 20's and Grandfather began to get older and weaker, I vowed to myself that I would get involved one day and learn the "art of partying kalding" before it would be too late.  Unfortunately, Grandpa passed away last year... and one of my biggest regrets was the inability to sit along side with him for an hour or so and cut goat meat into the tiny pieces required in Pinapaitan, which also happens to be my favorite dish out of the three.Yesterday, I was afforded the opportunity to "party kalding" so that we could freeze the meat and bring it to Hawaii for our house blessing next week.  The farm of choice is conveniently located to our home in Daly City in sunny Halfmoon Bay, California.  The staff was very friendly, the compound is very clean, and the service was pretty quick despite all of the other people there trying to get their goat in time for pulutan since pacquiao is fighting Hatton tonight! For Filipinos, specially Ilocanos, who are very fond of eating Kilawen with San Miguel Beer!OOOH! and the Best Part is the sign in their office that says ... "ALL SALES FINAL, SORRY NO REFUNDS!"----------------------------------This review is dedicated to the memory of my Grandfather Pablo de Peralta... you are always with us... Thank you for gracing our family with love, education, and being such a wonderful cook - no wonder the de Peralta clan is amazing in the kitchen =) ...
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2010,11/25/2010,275,727,11,12,11>My head hurts, ankle sore, can't see straight and never once again want to see another gin gimlet ever again.Last night was so much fun!Three of my coworkers were in town and it was the end of a long week of seminars and meetings so it was time to celebrate. My wife and another friend met up with them and headed out for dinner and afterwards Amy says "The night is still young, lets go dancing!"This hotel is within walking distance from our home so it was a no brainer that this should be the place that we end our evening. The bar area was not even close to being filled, but once we arrived my loud and boisterous friends did their best to liven it up. Our waitperson spotted six thirsty and ready to party souls and within minutes there were martinis, gimlets, flights of cosmos and a rum drink at our table. Oh boy!The dance floor was empty but the DJ was still working his butt off, so my wife and my three coworkers were out dancing within seconds. I think this may have made his night as others soon after started to join in. Before I knew it there were cameras and videos that I am sure could be used against me down the road.The drinks here are lethal but flavorful. The service is impeccable. The rooms are comfortable and always one of my first choices when needing to bunk up my coworkers for a few days.Pluses.QuietAffordable, budget friendlyExcellent cafeGreat barFree parking-Take that Marriott San Mateo!MinusesDangerously close to my front door.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/28/2009,11/24/2010,358,1030,9,12,12>We could certainly use a few more shabu shabu places around here...but for now, I'm fairly happy with Shabuway...despite its corny name.The meat is sliced thin, but for the price, the over all portion is agreeable. They seem to run out of the 'lean' beef quickly, so we haven't had the chance to try that one yet. For those who aren't so keen on beef (i.e., me), the shrimp dumplings make a good alternative. In any case, the broth becomes quite savory after dumping in the meat and veggies, and the dipping sauces are standard good.I'm also fond of the other hot pot joint a few blocks away (Little Sheep Mongolian), but when eating in a small group (2-3 people), Shabuway seems to be a better option. The place is small and neat. Make sure to go early or else the wait can become a nightmare. Service is alright - nothing to brave about.Lastly, who knows if the meat is REALLY Kobe beef?! However, an acquaintance of mine was one of the founders of Shabuway, and I would like to believe that he's being truthful... SUM: It's really a 3.5 stars for me... After all, this is the only place to eat decent Japanese shabu shabu (allegedly serving Kobe beef) in my neighborhood.
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2010,11/23/2010,127,1093,2,5,2>Sumika is completely tucked away in a part of downtown Los Altos that looks almost like a parking lot.  It's very low key, and it's a small restaurant with a completely open kitchen in the middle.  How often do Asian restaurants have completely open kitchens that let you see what's going on??  And despite the charcoal grill, the air circulation is really good, so you don't feel greasy or smell like food when you walk out.The staff was super polite, and once seated, they immediately gave us warm towels to wipe our hands.  We were also given small dishes of pickled cabbage to stimulate the appetite.  The menu is set up so that you can order lots of different smaller plates to try.  Don't miss the specials written very subtly on the blackboards on the wall!  I was also very impressed that the waitress who took our order was very honest and recommended we order just the 1/2 portion of the salad, saying the full would be too big (so often, places try to get you to just order more..)We started with the Sumita salad, which was finely shredded cabbage with thinly sliced chicken.  The peanut dressing was fragrant, slightly creamy, but not too heavy.  There was a lot of attention to detail, such as the baby corn cut into tiny coins.  This allowed you to get all the different flavors and textures into one bite.We also had the miso mozzarella, which is sliced mozzarella that has been marinated in a miso-sake broth for 2 whole weeks.  It has a subtle sweetness at the end of each bite, and it's topped with sundried tomato with just a little bit of oil.  Surprisingly, the sundried tomato doesn't overpower the subtle flavors of the cheese.As for skewers, they were all done to just the right texture, and they were served sequentially, so that we could get them warm and with the fresh charred flavor and aroma.  The chicken meatball was moist and had a slightly crisped outside but was so moist inside.  The enoki was wrapped in tender pork that's thinly sliced.  The enoki mushrooms themselves were a little more bland, but with a little of bit of the finely crushed Kosher salt and pepper from the table, it was much better.  Our other skewer was the scallop, which is very reasonably priced at $4 for 2 (think about other restaurants where you get a scallop entree with 3 or 4 of them for ~$30.)  The scallops had a nice caramelized outside and were super sweet and tender.From the grill, we also had the onigiri (rice ball), which had that crunchy outside crust.  It has some furikake for seasoning inside, and the interior rice is perfectly chewy.Finally, we topped it off with the Sumika donburi, which takes 30-40 minutes.  The grilled terryaki chicken has a nice crispy skin, and the meat is so incredibly tender.  It's a mix of breast and thigh, thinly sliced, but charred on the outside but so juice inside.  The rice underneath has the nice flavoring of the chicken fat.  Next time, I'll go for one of the donburi dishes with the egg/onion over rice.Everything was paced very nicely, so you don't get over-stuffed.  By the end, you're surprisingly full despite the small portions.  It's very satisfying to try all the different dishes.  I love how the menu has a wide variety of more traditional items, and there are no rolls!  Each dish is prepared very carefully with a lot of attention to detail, which is how authentic Japanese food should be.  Even more surprisingly, all of the staff (kitchen and out front) is Japanese.I'm sad we missed the black sesame panna cotta and green tea tiramisu for dessert.  Next time... :)In the end, the price was super reasonable (~$45?).  No sake/alcohol this time around, but next time I'll try something from their extensive selection.  Definitely a neighborhood gem I would drive to from anywhere in the bay area.
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2010,11/22/2010,151,182,11,6,7>You have proven a formidable match for my snark, Amarin Thai Cuisine. I was quite convinced that upon finding the "Cashew Nut Fever" (which you must agree sounds like a rejected Panda Express entree) that I would be most compelled to render unto your Mickey Mouse establishment a newly fashioned orifice for defecation. But shit goddam son, them cashews and tofu and veggies was the bomb! And grrrrrrrrrrrrl, is that a separate menu for vegetarian dishes? OH NO YOU DIDN'T. Except you did, which is also fine. I can't even talk about your yellow curry w/ soy protein. If I do, people will assume I'm having a manic episode and summon that wizard from the news that decides the weather to come and force feed me my pills again. Instead I will just lick my lips suggestively, giving you the impression that I'm flirting with you so you'll comp my bill and I can spend the saved cash on wizard repellent.
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2010,11/21/2010,375,796,3,5,6>Always amazed when I find yet another cool coffee spot around the bay. A few Sundays ago, I happened to be in the Menlo Park neighborhood Cafe Zoë calls home. Zoë bills itself as "a place for peace, hope & community." I can see how the welcoming and attentive service would foster a sense of community, along with the open seating both at the front of the place and in the back of the venue (I didn't get to take a look out back, however). I had a very nicely sugared brioche along w/ a good white mocha. Prices are ok, perhaps maybe closer to the higher side. Looks like there are also sandwiches available here, as well as tchotchkes. I can't speak to the strength of the wifi here, as I didn't stay long enough to check that out. Very forward thinking of this place to have iPads available for rental!
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2010,11/20/2010,137,251,4,5,5>I'm never disappointed when I come here. Crepes are rich so you have to except something heavy and delicious. I think one order can feed two (girls?) unless you're super hungry, but it's so good I always want my own and get super stuffed! I love that it's on Burlingame Ave with some nice outdoor seating if it's a beautiful day. It's great to walk after a good meal. It's not too big of a place, so it may be packed. The savory crepes are always the way to go! I love the chicken pesto and the Milano, but no matter what crepe someone gets, it's always GOOD. They are not shady with their ingredients so the crepe is always PACKED with goodness. Crepes come with a good side of potatoes and salad. Both are decent and good as well. Sometimes, during a busy day, the potatoes can be on the bad side but they are definitely seasoned nice with garlic and herbs.I tired some of the other dishes as well, such as the salads and the hot plates. They are pretty good as well. The EL PASO (corn beef hash): super heavy but good!Omlettes: good and packed with ingredients as well!Dessert Crepes: GOOD!Overall, I've always left satisfied and knowing I will come back. I'm down to bOOooogy on the crepevine!
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2010,11/19/2010,228,624,1,7,2>This review is for the HAPPY HOUR only.What a fab deal. Pampas has HH M-F 5-7pm. Their specialty cocktails are $5 and everything on the lounge menu is 50% off.AMBIANCE: I arrived a little past 6 and was greeted by a wall of business-y types congregating in front of the bar. Although I was able to find a seat (nice comfy couch), it felt a little claustrophobic to be surrounded by a bunch of standing men. The space itself seems nice and open, with just the right amount of lighting, but I can't say too much about it because the only time I saw the rest of the restaurant was when I was walking to the bathroom.SERVICE: I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. Our water glasses never went empty, and our waitress had pretty good timing in terms of taking away empty glasses and bringing new drinks.FOOD: JF and I each had three cocktails, and shared a few plates.- Cosmo do Diablo: recommended by our waitress, this was the most memorable cocktail I had. Smooth, with a bit of heat, this was deceptively delicious. I had a tiny buzz going after finishing just one drink.- Yucca fries: YUM. A little more dense than average potato fries, these were perfectly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside without being greasy at all. A must order.- Pork ribs: Tasty, but a bit too sweet. I really liked the cabbage slaw that came with this dish.- Mixed grill from the rodizio: A bit of everything you might be able to order from the rodizio (as the name implied). I thought this was a great value at the HH price ($14 for enough food to feed 3 people)OVERALL: Yummy food and drinks for a fab price. I can definitely see myself coming back again and again.
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/30/2010,11/17/2010,109,203,4,4,5>3.5 starsWe came here since we were on a mission to check out more ramen places. There were a good amount of people when we came for dinner on a weeknight, but they were still able to seat us immediately. While there is bar seating and table seating, we opted for sitting at a table. Our two-person table was a bit cramped since it was so close to the other tables and required us to move our table whenever the other patrons were coming or going. I got the miso butter corn ramen ($9). As the name suggests, it definitely comes with butter and corn. It also comes with regular toppings which are: slices of roasted pork, bamboo stems, and japanese spring onions. The broth and ramen weren't too bad, but I wasn't wow'ed by the noodles. Perhaps it didn't have the slight chewiness that I look for in ramen? The broth had good flavor with plenty of corn though. We also got the Chicken Karaage ($6.50) for an appetizer. This was actually my favorite part of the meal; the chicken was piping hot with a crispy outside and tender chicken on the inside. Served with a mayo dipping sauce and a small side salad, the portion was just enough for two people to share.Service was very fast and the decor inside is modern. I would definitely come back for more of that chicken!
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2010,11/16/2010,134,817,5,6,7>I tried the waffle with spiced apples, pecans, and syrup: yelp.com/biz_photos/Tuq1very good.I also checked out the "Cafe Borrone" drink: it's a mocha, with whipped cream and almonds: yelp.com/biz_photos/Tuq1OK, not great, because the chocolate is not high quality.But the Mexican mocha is great, partly because they use half-n-half to make it.  Which means, of course, that it's probably a calorie bomb: yelp.com/biz_photos/Tuq1The almond croissant is great, but ask them to heat it up: yelp.com/biz_photos/Tuq1There is a problem with the outdoor seating: the chairs are too low compared to the tables, so it feels like you are a little kid at a big table.
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/16/2010,11/15/2010,1533,1062,14,15,15>So I was bummed that I didn't get to make it out to Poleng Lounge before they closed, but glad that I heard about Attic & that it's from the owners of Poleng Lounge.  I love fusiony food if it's executed right, and it was here, no PF Changs B.S.!  I made the bf order 21st Amendment's Watermelon Wheat Beer ($5 for the can) since I wanted to try it but didn't know if I'd like it.  I couldn't taste any watermelon!  He said though it did taste a little watered down...so that's the hint of melon I guess?  We shared:*Adobo Wing Lollipops ($7 for 6).  They were sweet and sour (from the vinegar) & fried perfectly...finger lickin good.  We liked SO's wings better, but these are a good Peninsula alternative!  *BBQ Korean Shortrib Lettuce Wraps ($13)--Nicely marinated & bbqed korean shortrib meat diced up served with some greens, sesame oil marinated bean sprouts & kim chee with 4 big romaine lettuce leaves.  This was our favorite, the meat was very tasty!*Long Life Garlic Noodle ($10)--This had just the right amount of spiciness.  I could taste the garlic but it almost seemed like an undertone compared to the heat of their house special spicy sauce.  If you're looking for a lot of garlic, you may want to ask for more garlic to be thrown in; these aren't like your Vietnamese garlic noodles.Bar downstairs had Happy Hour deals including 25 cent adobo wings!  So you may want to check out Happy Hour at the bar if you just want some drinks and wings.  We'd come back to try some other dishes in the future.  Threeish for now.
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2008,4/26/2008,61,108,6,20,17>Wholly...this restaurant is amazing.   Kaygetsu, watch out!!  You have a strong competitor, who's already beaten you in my opinion, in the Bay Area serving quality Japanese Kaiseki.  Wakuriya has surpassed Kaygetsu in service (impeccable), food (truly outstanding) and affordability (at least 25% discount).  To conclude, Wakuriya is my #1 choice for Japanese fine dining in the Bay Area.But PLEASE....keep in mind about these things when you go.1) The restaurant is small (only two tables of four and maybe another one or two for two people and the rest is just counter seats).  I don't advise you to go there if you have a party of more than 4 people.  2) They only do courses....no a la carte.  But you can still choose from 3, 6 and the full 9 course menus.3) There are only about 4 people running this place from cooking to washing dishes, so be patient.  Your dinner may take about 3 hours with 9 course.4) If you have already eaten here this month, the menu is probably the same from the last time (they update their menu once a month).And, David P., thank you for letting us know about this new restaurant.  We had a heavenly experience tonight.
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2007,4/25/2008,29,55,10,8,9>Having gone to this place and jokingly asking, (after seeing the wide variety of meats and such), "do you have Squirrel?" - they said, "when doyou need it?"My jaw dropped and was impressed.  so I kept on them..."How about Gator?" --- "yes""and Ostrich?" --- "sure thing!""Rattlesnake?" --- "yep""Rat?" ---- heh, (laughter)Other than the ability to supply these un-asked-for meats, i did notice a whole locker of DRY AGED BEEF behind a window.  If only I could afford such delicacies!...overall, a very knowledgeable staff and a wide variety of meat, sauces, accessories and needless to say squirrel meat!
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2007,4/24/2008,669,1022,,4,5>Sinigang na Bangus Belly was excellent, very nice balance in the broth. The belly cut of the milkfish was sinfully good, with plenty of delicious fat attached.  It's served with long beans, daikon, tomatoes, and eggplant in a savory sour broth.  I ate it with steamed rice in a small bowl and it's plenty for 3 people.  Beef Steak Tagalog was great as well.  Delicious ribeye slices, cooked in a mixture of lemon, soy sauce, and onions.  This version was topped off with french fries which I'm not sure went too well with the dish.  It was nice to have fries to munch on though.Sizzling sisig was the only miss of the night for us.  Ours came with the egg already cooked in, and it felt like more of an omelette to me for that reason.  It was garnished with lemon and I noticed that it definitely needed the acidity to brighten up the flavor.  I smelled the aroma from the Kare Kare at our neighboring table and I think I'd get it along with the Crispy Pata next time.  The Kare Kare smelled exactly how my mom prepares it.  I wonder if the chef was trained in Pampanga?5 stars for authentic recipes and delicious food, minus 1 star for slow service.
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2007,4/23/2008,562,1402,1,5,9>My BF took me to the hotel and restaurant for our 1 year anniversary.  I am so happy he planned it all on his own!  The resort itself doesn't seem like a resort, more like a hotel with cool rooms.  Our room had a hot tub in it, a fireplace, a semi private patio (shared with 1 other room) and a killer view of the ocean.  Granted it's a view of the ocean from Pacifica which is not known for great weather, but an ocean is an ocean and I am always happy to see one.  The property itself also is cute and simple, nothing too fancy but also very inviting.  Given the nature of Pacifica, the building has endured it share of wear and tear but that is to be expected with all beach property.  The room was simple, plain and basic.  There weren't enough towels I felt for a couple that is planning to get in and out of a hot tub, whirlpool bath, and I did feel bad getting the carpet wet, but I guess that is their thing to fix.  There was a TV, the bed was cute, and their was a mini-fridge.    I was just happy to be alone with the BF sitting in a whirlpool tub with champagne, strawberries, brie, bread and cheesecake ( he brought the food) with an ocean view and a fireplace.  Service was fine.  Not overly friendly but nothing wrong either.  The restaurant was nowhere packed, maybe 5 tables total but the food was fine. We had fried calamari, which was very flavorful and then also a pesto creamy crab pasta which my BF loved!  I had a great anniversary here, and was sooo touched by the BF's efforts to plan a romantic weekend, so I give the place 3 stars and then an extra for his efforts!  YIPPEE!!!
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2007,4/22/2008,88,80,10,6,7>I love Andronico's, every single one of them.  They have incredible prepared foods in the deli and bakery sections, a great assortment of cheeses, harder to find brands of whatever, gourmet items, and of course, the Adult Brownie (which is so true to its name it should be x-rated).  But this location at Stanford Shopping Center has got to be my favorite for one very clear reason (well, clear to me and very soon to be clear to you).In high school, I was madly in love with Steve Young.  In all honesty, a love that mad doesn't go away ever, and so I still have feelings for the guy.  But in high school, I'm talking about some serious crushing going on.  My graduation cap had his number puffy-painted to the board, prominently displayed next to my puffy-painted future alma mater.  All of this Steve Young reminiscing has a purpose, I swear.  So returning home from college one summer, I went shopping at this Andronico's with my mom, and I kid you not, Steve Young was pushing a cart down an aisle with his munchkin of a cutie son plopped in the front seat part.  Young's step was more of a bounce.  My heart was certainly more of a bounce, skipping a beat, practically putting me into cardiac arrest.  I dropped my grocery basket right in front of him.  I was sure the thud was a million decibels.  I was completely horrified that I had just done this clumsiness in front of my McDreamy.  But at least I got to see my McDreamy....and from 5 feet away.  Our eyes locked for probably two long seconds.It was one of the best days of my life.  And it all happened at THIS Andronico's.
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2007,4/20/2008,26,36,8,11,7>For the Market only as I have never eaten at the Restaurant...  I love Lobster, but whenever I cook it myself, I make a mess.  Not just any ordinary mess; my kitchen needs sandblasting... the pot always boils over and that totally groady slime thickens on the stove and floor and all clothing within ten feet!Cook's Seafood to the rescue.  I order-ahead a couple of 1 1/2 lb. whole Maine lobsters, cooked (and cracked): I then pick them up, take them home, and toss the tray Cook's provides into a 350 oven (cover with foil and oh, add some unsalted butter if you wish).  Fifteen minutes later, you will have the best tasting lobster you have ever had.  Really!  Besides, when I get live lobster, I always name the poor guys, and that makes it especially hard to send them off to their demise.Cook's is pricey, but from my experience, all the seafood they offer is top quality, and the staff genuinely enjoys your company and answering even the most inane questions about cooking seafood.  Oh, and drive your beater car there.  The parking lot is best suited for bumper cars!Now where did George and Sam scamper off too??
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2008,4/19/2008,222,202,15,11,8>'Let me get the nutmeister's information for you'...'I'm gonna send you to my vampire for some blood work'...If you guessed that these phrases were uttered by my physician, you have a much more intimate knowledge of medical jargon than I do.My best friend referred me to Dr. Richard Lee back in 2002 when he worked at Stanford, and he's been my physician ever since. A few years ago he left Stanford and started his own practice (Hometown Healthcare), and if anything, his quality of service has gone up. The last time I went in for a physical (November 2007) I was there for almost 90 minutes, and spent very little of that time (less than 5 minutes) sitting around waiting.In addition to administering the standard checkup tests, Dr. Lee takes the time to listen to all of your health questions and concerns (it's always a good idea to bring a list) and addresses each and every one. Besides being a great physician, he's a cool guy to chat with and has even provided me with information on items as varied as the following:- A recipe for a great blueberry smoothie- Cool vacation ideas (especially if you're into outdoorsy or adventure excursions)- General health recommendations (websites, documents, etc.)- The best way to get laidIf you live on the peninsula or are willing to drive down to Palo Alto (I live in the city and make the drive), give Dr. Lee a call...you'll be happy you did!I know after reading this review most of you want to know the best way to get laid, which is...Go to Hawaii.(ba-dum-bum...crash! Thank you, thank you...I'm here every day at 2:00 and 4:00...please tip your waitpersons generously)
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2008,4/18/2008,66,253,4,4,5>Nick's made me a birthday dinner I'll never forget. It started with rounds of beer paired with hands of poker in the bar. We drank and played until the honky-tonkin' started and we were fortunately called to our table before the two-steppin' ensued in full force. The restaurant was super-packed on a Saturday night, but our server was on it and attended to our every need. We ordered crab cakes stuffed with rich chunks of buttery claw meat to start. I'm telling you, I really did NOT need the giant slab of perfectly cooked prime rib that came afterwards. But that didn't stop me from wolfing it down. Along with two glasses of red wine. This is an old man restaurant, so please don't come here with any delusions of California cuisine. It's a "soup, salad, and baked potato with your meal" type of place, which also means the prices reflect that (in other words, it ain't cheap). But the service we experienced was phenomenal. When our server found out it was my birthday, he led the entire restaurant in a rousing rendition of Happy Birthday. Everybody seemed drunk, full, and happy to sing along. Good times for all.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2008,4/17/2008,53,124,7,10,13>At a company meeting the other day a few of my coworkers rolled in with 6 or 7 pink boxes and I thought, this can only mean one thing: CUPCAKES! How did I know this? I am a fanatic baker and know full well that a brightly colored box means little pieces of heaven are waiting inside.While the girls opened the boxes another co-worker and I plotted our strategy at scoring one of these babies. She made the move and brought me a lovely little red velvet cupcake with a tiny little sugar flower on top. I admired the craftsmanship and hoped it tasted as good as it looked. And it did. So much so that I made a 2nd trip for us both. We had to know where they came from so we checked the top of the box...Sibby's...hmmm. We got back to our desks and checked the web site. Holy crap, $24 for a dozen minis? I personally find this too expensive since I have been baking since I was knee-high-to-a-pig's-eye and can make (and decorate) cupcakes just as well. But that's not my day job and personally, I'd be a fat ass if it was so if someone else is going to do it, it should definitely be Sibby. If you aren't a baker or just don't have time to whip out a few dozen cupcakes for a special occasion, Sibby's is your place. Spend the money, get the sampler and be the company/party hero.
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/5/2008,4/16/2008,589,848,7,11,9>Surprised by the predominantly horrific reviews that this place has, I feel the need to at least give my $.02... If I had seen the Yelp reviews prior to coming here (at a team member's insistence), I probably would never have come here in the first place.  Weird how much Yelp has influenced my eating decision lately.But I'm glad, in this instance, it didn't.  Or more like, due to a hectic morning, I inadvertently prevented it.  Having been to more than my fair share of fake sushi restaurants, I know enough that one of the indicators (or, as I'd like to call it, the 'uh-oh factors') is the lacklustre menu (consisting of teriyaki, run-off-the-mill names of sushi rolls, tempura, and udon).  So I couldn't help but wince upon glancing at the menu.  However, if the menu was an indicator of a dud Japanese joint, the service and the food were anything but.  The two middle-aged Japanese ladies were tending to our table like fussy yet attentive moms, the prawn tempura was served in a separate basket from the udon they come with so as not to make them soggy before it even arrived at the table. Too bad the four-and-above rating in the Ang-o-meter is reserved to the Gochis and Tantos of the world.  And the Hapas of the world.  If any of you ever ventured to The West End in Vancouver, you'll know what it is.  Once Yelp lets us review businesses in Canada, that would be the first on my list.
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2010,5/7/2010,711,1139,12,17,16>Kumud just set my bar when it comes to Indian groceries. Super clean and brightly lit both inside and out we came in here after dinner at Koriander next door and ended up leaving with a buttload of Indian goodies. Inside, it reminds me of a 7/11 (minus the dirty mags) with ready to eat munchies, tons of heat and eat junk foods, and the largest selection of Indian boxed foods I've seen yet. (yelp.com/biz_photos/N6iT)If you're not feeling so lazy, you can find everything essential for a home cooked Indian meal from spice mixes, fresh produce, rices,  breads, and even dessert. Everything except for the meats and fish  (yelp.com/biz_photos/N6iT)A complete and affordable Indian market and stoners dream all in one.  (yelp.com/biz_photos/N6iT)
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2010,5/6/2010,47,113,12,14,12>It's entirely possible that if you are not from the South (or nearby) you won't really appreciate Jonathan's. But to my wife and I, who were both raised on the periphery of the South, and who both went to college in the South, walking through the door of Jonathan's felt like stepping through a dimensional rift that took us 3000 miles east and 20 years backwards in time.We had no idea what the portion sizes were, so we inadvertently ordered enough food for an army. We had:* Small catfish -- crispy on the outside, meltingly good inside* Small sole -- same batter, slightly drier inside* Fries (came with the fish, which we didn't realize) -- so huge and potato-y, must've been fresh cut* Fried okra -- very little batter, mostly just okra, and SO DAMN GOOD* Hush puppies -- more of a Deep South style than I'm used to (having grown up around Washington DC), but wifey liked them a lot* Sweet tea -- yes, it tastes a little bit artificial, but to my wife's palate it was perfect... so much so that she ordered a second one to go!This giant spread cost $30, but we could easily have done with half as much food. We ended up getting a to-go box but it went funny in the car while we were running errands, so we didn't eat them :-(The guy at the counter was very friendly, but I wish he would've warned us we were ordering way too much. Of course, looking at some of the other patrons, he was probably used to seeing that level of gluttony.This place has an amazingly loyal clientele--one guy who was waiting at the counter said he'd driven in from Fairfield, which is about 75 miles away!To the folks who say this area is sketchy... get over yourselves. Just because there are brown & black folks around who don't drive beemers doesn't mean you are going to get mugged and raped. For the record, I actually found the very mixed crowd at Jonathan's to be far friendlier than the harried soccer moms at Jeffrey's Hamburgers in downtown Menlo. So there. :PA final warning: if you are not used to eating a lot of grease, you should go easy on your intake at Jonathan's, because that stuff will run right through you, as we found out a little while later while out shopping. ;-)Already looking forward to going back!
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2010,5/5/2010,641,501,7,10,9>Finally got around to checking this place out with the SBC this past weekend... Wow, a gem of a club in downtown San Mateo!   From the outside, it's hard to tell how big the place is.  But once in, you notice the awesome dance floor, the cool lounge areas, and the outside patio is really nice too.  The music was pretty good and the idea of not having to drive more than 5 miles to a night club easily gets this place 5 stars.I can't wait to go again.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2010,5/4/2010,1324,243,6,10,6>Had the pleasure of having a work dinner here several years ago.  All I remembered is that the selections of food were excellent. The ambience was warm and inviting. What made it even more memorable was that the waiters were very nice and catered to our every needs. Keep in mind that u are dealing with a large group of nurses with strong personalities and a large appetite. We can be a handful but they made us feel welcome. I had the steak. they made it very flavorful and succulent.  Their breads are warm and soft inside.  Smear it with butter and it is to die for.  They have wonderful desserts--I got the chocolate cake while i heard the tiramisu is absolutely wonderful as well.They have great food and services that make you want to always come back eventhough it is pricey. Definitely should try this place.  The more the merrier.....
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2009,5/3/2010,318,202,5,10,9>This place really deserves a 4, but because I got ROTD (again!) - I'm in a good mood. So that extra star is a "good mood" star. :)I've been here twice thus far and LOVE IT. To be quite honest it is the BEST Thai restaurant in the Peninsula and most likely even the S. Bay. Move over Thaiphoon, here comes Shanna! I admit I was a bit skeptical...a Thai restaurant on Moffett next to a Quick Mart? But alas it is true..Shanna Thai rocks!Upon entering the restaurant you forget that you're even in Mountain View. They did a great job with the decor and the service here is good as well, unlike Krung Thai (Mountain View). But what really sets this place apart is the food. I seriously would've come here every day for a week if I was allowed to.  But I did notice one thing, it's definitely more crowded here at lunch than during dinner. I also believe that the food tastes better during dinner as well. My theory is that they have more time to cook the food and they aren't as rushed. In terms of what to order...order the PUMPKIN CURRY ( I noticed that the pumpkin was more tender during dinner time than lunch time). Make sure to order the Pumpkin Curry with chicken, it seems to taste best that way. Another must order dish is the Green Curry Roti. I've had roti in Thailand and this place is as good if not better than the roti I had in Thailand. Seriously. Make sure to wrap the roti around the eggplant they give you and then dip it in the curry sauce...it tastes better that way. :)Finally another great thing about this place is that you get a good size portion of food, unlike most Thai restaurants and most importantly, the food tastes fresh. I can't wait to try all the other dishes on the menu!Whoever Shanna is, I'd like to meet her and thank her for finally giving me a reason not to go to SF to get great Thai food! :)
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2010,5/2/2010,362,488,6,13,12>I used to come once a week for my cream cheese danish fix, but not lately. I decided that I wanted one for my Saturday morning breakfast to brighten my day of studying.I ordered one cream cheese danish and noticed red kiss sprinkles were on top for Valentine's Day. Also the glass case showed other Valentine's Day treats. My eyes zeroed on the red velvet cupcake. I immediately wanted one. My purchases all together were under $5. Not too bad. The cream cheese danish was delicious. I was disappointed about the red velvet cupcake. It was moist in the middle, but mainly dry. Also I was somewhat surprised to find cream filling in the middle. The frosting was really good and it had a small frosted heart.Not sure that I would get another red velvet cupcake here, but I will definitely come back for my danishes.
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/2/2009,5/1/2010,905,867,5,11,10>As we all learn when growing up, there are "golden rules" in life.  The same holds for buffet and buffet aficionados.  "Go Early, Go Often."While the health conscious among us may disagree with the latter part, there is absolutely no disputing the first part.  It's almost akin to what I like to call the 'supernova' effect.  Flush with cash and customers upon first opening, buffet restaurants will inevitably shine most brightly (relatively speaking) when they first open.  The lobsters will be large, the oysters fresh, and the food plentiful.  Once the cash dwindles or the customers fade, then corners are cut.     Moonstar Buffet, Minokichi (former buffet where Junnoon now is), and California Korean Buffet all followed similar paths.  It's thus with great anticipation that I wanted to try Mountain View's first Chinese buffet soon after their Grand Opening several weeks ago.  Given that service and decor are almost irrelevant at buffets (things that may improve with time) , I knew that the best time to catch Villa 08 was at the beginning.On a Friday night, after some arm twisting of MY, we found ourselves at Villa 08.  Decor, to just mention, is nothing special.  The place is quite large and has very high ceilings.  The walls are decorated with Chinese art that probably would fit well in a Cost-Plus World Market.  Table spacing is decent and most are within easy walking distance to the star attraction, the food.  Dinner and weekend buffets are $16.95, while weekday lunch starts at $10.95.  For this relatively modest entry fee, the selection at Villa 08 is quite good.  Seafood, soups, teppanyaki, sushi, fruits, salads, and dim sum are just several of the offerings.  I did my best to try everything (and in the process ate way too much), so here are my thoughts.Sushi - a variety of rolls, mediocre nigiri, and small pieces of sashimi are available.  The rolls are passable and I did enjoy the salmon sashimi and nigiri.  We're not talking ultra high end sushi, but it's definitely decent and the three "sushi chefs" do a good job of replenishing the popular items and making sure items stay fresh.  Better than joints like Todai and probably the equal of Sushi 85.Dim Sum - a welcome and nice addition to the buffet scene is dim sum.  A standard dim sum cart occupies one end of the buffet table and is filled with all the standards: har gow (shrimp dumpling), sticky rice, and even chicken feet.  I found the few items I tasted to be pretty good and recently steamed.  Lobster - you get a ticket for a lobster at dinner and are allowed one per ticket.  It's standard buffet lobster - a lobster sliced in half and smothered with mayonnaise sauce.  The size was decent (I'm guessing 1 lb lobsters) but I found the meat overly cooked and a bit tough.  Still, lobster is lobster, and while the freshness here is not amazing, it's better than anything Red Lobster serves.  For most buffet joints, this item is among the first that is cut back as business suffers.  Minokichi used to be all-you-can-eat lobster, then it was 1/person, finally they got rid of it entirely before going out of business.Teppanyaki - a dedicated person mans the teppanyaki grill and either grills or stir fries your items depending on your selection.  Choices are forgettable and are mostly vegetables, udon noodles, shrimp, and two meat choices.  Although the beef chunks looked tantalizingly like steak, the quality was quite poor.  Chewy, flavorless, and tough...I'd say beef of this quality needs to be marinated and tenderized.  I'd suggest Villa 08 follow the Korean buffet model and marinate the meats.Udon or Miso Noodles - California Buffet had an excellent noodle soup section and it was disappointing how bad Villa 08's was.  Though they boiled the udon noodles in hot water, they added lukewarm miso or chicken soup.  The entire bowl tasted cold.  Ugh.  I didn't finish this.  Seafood - I saw oysters, mussels, clams, lobster legs, snails, red snapper, and cold shrimp.  I tried the oysters and they had a nice selection of sauces : hot sauce, cocktail sauce and sriracha sauce.  Not the freshest oyster I've had, but not bad.  I also liked the steamed fish.   Soups - a selection of fungus soup with dates, oxtail soup, sharkfin soup and hot and sour soup were available.  I'm a big soup fan (I know, I know, bad value!) so had to try each one.  My favorite was definitely the shark fin soup.  Though I know that imitation shark fin and chicken were the main ingredients, all the soups were piping hot and hit enough flavor cues that it reminded me of versions I've had in the past.  Fruits and desserts - on our night the fruit selection was pretty basic: watermelon, cantaloupe, and seeded grapes.  The seeded grapes were super sweet and a nice way to end my meal.   Overall, for a buffet, Villa 08 gets decent marks.  It's definitely among the the better ones in the Peninsula.  Plus they take Amex!
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2010,4/30/2010,1110,489,20,18,18>There's really only one valid excuse for breaking your diet 3 days into it: Ike's sandwiches.We tried stopping at this location over the weekend, got lost in a strange corporate center that's an antithesis to the original Ike's.. and realized they were only open on weekdays. It was a sad moment for both of us. We thought, "Has Ike sold out? What IS this?" So when my flatmate decided to go to Ike's today and asked me every 30 minutes for about 5 hours whether or not I wanted something.. each time, she broke down a huge chunk of my wall of determination.I. could. not. do it.And yet, I am not ashamed. It was for Ike's.I've tried Change, Hot Momma Huda, Fat Bastard, and Shawn Michaels - all with extra dirty sauce. This time, much as I love them all, I wanted something different. I decided to experiment with two:* M.I.L.F. (+ Pepperjack/Jalapenos - NO Mushrooms/Onions/Pickles + Dutch Crunch)* NACHO BOY SUPREME (+ Onion Rings/Jalapenos - NO Onions/Pickles + Dutch Crunch)Ike remains unbeatable.
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2010,4/29/2010,258,234,4,9,6>What Sunday Buffet Brunch offers 3 types of caviar, oysters, crab, different smoked fish, sushi, assortment of artisan cheese, meats, and breads, dim sum, delectable breakfast foods, desserts galore, and more? This one! Sunday Brunch at Navio at the Ritz Carlton was an unforgettable experience, from the complimentary valet service, the delectable food, and the breathtaking view. Most of the food was delicious, the sushi/sashimi and dim sum wasn't par though and it would have been awesome if unlimited mimosa/champagne was included with the buffet. $88 per person,  but you can definitely get your money's worth!  Reservation is a must, they have 2 seatings during brunch, at 1100 am and 130pm.
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2010,4/28/2010,15,83,5,9,5>MMMMMMMThe Burgers are so good!!!!I have been looking for the best burger place in town and I think I have just found it! The burgers are large and juicy with all sorts of toppings. From your usual cheeseburger to avocado and mushrooms to bell peppers and jalapenos! Be warned these burgers are big, juicy, and filling! We skipped the fries and opted for a side salad, which is a substitution they made happily. In general this is not your average burger joint. Walking in I felt a little under-dressed. But then I looked around at all the families, and people in t-shirt and jeans, and I figured I was ok. This is definitely a clash of two concepts I would never have put together. The interior is dark, with a red ceiling, suede and fur covered sofas, dark wood, interesting mood lighting and black and white Hollywood glamor shots hanging from frames and flashing through a slide show on a bigscreen TV. But then you look at your table and right next to the candle mood lighting are two large bottles, ketchup and mustard. Also, if you prefer a nice red or white wine they have a wonderful selection to pair with your meaty burger.  :P This place is just delightful. I would never have combined these two things together, but boy does it work. Bravo, and I will most definitely be back.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2009,8/30/2009,90,150,7,11,10>Yay!  A great Japanese tapas and ramen place in my neck of the woods!  From now on, I won't need to fight the soul-sucking traffic on 101 S to get to an izakaya further down in the South Bay.I was sad to learn that Hattoriya went out of business but, to be perfectly honest, my meals there were kind of mediocre.  After its demise, every time I took my son to his wushu class at Studio Kicks, I would peer across the street to see what would open up in Hattoriya's place.  I noticed that the new owners slapped on a new coat of exterior paint and changed the front sign to read "Japanese Tapas and Ramen."  Then, I spied an orange noren (Japanese door curtain) hanging over the doorway one evening so I knew that they were finally open for business.Tonight, my gang of four (two adults and two kiddies) came by for dinner.  We came by at 5:40 pm but were told that they didn't open until 6:00.  After driving around the block a few times, we returned at 6 sharp.  The interior of the place is pretty similar to Hattoriya (including defunct fireplace) but everything is neat and tidy.  Unfortunately, it was super hot and the AC didn't seem to be working (though the ceiling fans were going full blast).The menu has a ton of alcoholic drinks to choose from, an assortment of small plates (tapas), Dohatsuten ramen (either salt or shoyu broth), and a handful of desserts.  Since we were famished, I ordered a ton.  This is what we ate: edamame, wakame salad, chicken karaage, ankimo, buta kakuni, genmai yakionigiri (grilled brown rice rice balls), white tuna tataki, pea shoots sautéed with garlic and sesame seeds, Dohatsuten ramen with salt broth, and green tea ice cream.Our faves were the ankimo, buta kakuni, genmai yakionigiri, white tuna tataki, and the ramen.  The springy ramen noodles come in a well-seasoned broth with ground pork, sliced chashu, bean sprouts, bamboo shoots, chives, and slivers of red pepper.  I am no ramen aficionado, but I found it tasty and the broth was not covered with an oil slick.  The one item we weren't super thrilled with was the chicken karaage which was flavorful but could have been left in the fryer to brown some more.  Plus, it was a little on the greasy side.  Portions are small so prices can add up.  Our whole meal ended up being $57 and we didn't order any booze (though I saw that they have Sapporo on draft).  Overall, we were really pleased with our meal and can't wait to come back.  Currently, Dohatsuten is open Tuesday through Sunday nights for dinner and plans to open for lunch next month.  I saw signs touting their Grand Opening party tomorrow night (June 28th) so check it out if you in the hood, feel me?
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2009,8/29/2009,493,463,5,5,4>Big. Big. Fan.  Huge.  Love it.  Love Nini's.  Love Breakfast.  Pretty much heaven.It's a bit hard to find -- only if you've never been here before, and in all honesty, I think I'm one of the last Nini's virgins out there, so y'all know where it is!Nini's has been a favorite breakfast spot of the boyfriend for years now, and I just recently was introduced to the many wonders ... (He swears that no breakfast biscuits with gravy even comes close)  It was a gorgeous Sunday afternoon and we wanted to chow down before taking the pup out to the beach in Half Moon Bay.  Cute spot on the corner in a residential hood with a perfect little outdoor patio for noshing on the bacon (duh) and sipping mimosa's ... I'll be back.
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2009,8/28/2009,83,99,4,7,7>This is a great small little hole in the wall with great food! I looked this place on yelp and heard that it's always busy. Good thing I went during an off hour because no one was there and the man at counter was able to help us with the different types of fish they had. The order took a little long, by OH MY WAS this good! This isn't a frozen and pre-made fish like a lot of the seafood restaurants. The batter was a little oily, but very fresh and crispy. The fish itself is really tasty and fresh. We also tried the iced tea, but it was REALLY sweet. I don't suggest you try it unless you like your tea like this.The dining situation can be difficult because there isn't a lot of space.I would come back if I am in the area!
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/7/2009,8/26/2009,185,97,8,10,10>Remember:- Get there early to beat rush times.  We usually try to get there around 11:30am for lunch.- It's cash only.At Maru Ichi, you can get a lot of food for about $6-8.  The combo meal comes with ramen, gyoza, and California rolls.  But I can't even finish one bowl of ramen, so good luck with that.  :)The ramen here is decent, but it's definitely not the best.  One good thing is that they make their noodles fresh, but everything else in the bowl is usually just mediocre.  Some of the soups are really salty and oily (Kuro, Miso, Spicy Miso), so I usually get the Shoyu.  They're pretty stingy with the chashu (pork), but it's not much to miss because sometimes it's dry and not very flavorful.And as a Korean, I must say that their kimchi ain't great.  :(
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2008,8/25/2009,403,410,13,15,13>Meat-lovers, this place is for you!!  So many different meats!  Cold cuts, sausages, ham, pork, you name it.I came here for the sandwiches during lunch.  Before deciding on my typical sandwich choice (BLT), I enjoyed the very apparent aroma of cooking sausages that someone before me had ordered.  I had heard that the bacon here is thick cut and tasty.  AND OMG IT SO WAS!!  Probably the BEST bacon I've EVER had in my LIFE.Side note:  BLTs are my staple sampler at sandwich joints because there's little to screw up, and I LOVE bacon.HERE, they cook it to order and make it SUUUPPER crispy.  OMG SO CRISPY.  The thick cut and generous portion in your sandwich makes for an incredibly flavorful (yet not oily or overly salty) treat, especially between some dutch crunch.It wasn't the best BLT I've ever had, but THE BACON.  OMG THE BACON.  Every sandwich I get from here WILL HAVE THE BACON and I highly recommend you get it too!On a side note, they do have drinks to purchase to go with your sandwich and possible chips.  Snapple, Martinelli's apple juice, Pepsi, Coke, Jone's Soda, Orangina, and much more.Another plus is they stock many european goodies such as Milka chocolates (favored by Heidi Klum), Lindt, a variety of Haribo gummies, and much much more.The place itself is rather tight and small (but very long) so be prepared  to bump into people while you browse or wait for you sandwich.And I just have to say it one last time... OMG THE BACON!!!!
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2009,8/24/2009,1533,1062,10,12,9>Every time I come back to Joy, I fall in love again and again!  This is my favorite sushi place in downtown San Mateo.  Why you ask?  1) Tasty ish!  Their rolls are saucy, and in an oh so good way.  2) Quantity. --More bang for your buck.  3) Great service. --This is more than I can say for Masu, which I used to divide my time in between, but the service there has gone way way downhill!  4) I'm a cheap ass! --They give you comp soup & salad, even if you just get one roll to eat (which I usually do).  Who else does that? The girl who was our waitress tonight, I've never seen before but she was so sweet and attentive, service has always been good here, but she was great.I am satisfied with just my usual Crunch Roll (tempura shrimp, crab, & cucumber w/spicy sauce) & the freebie of a bowl of miso & salad..not full but happily fed content.  I don't eat fish or seafood really besides shrimp, crab, and lobster, so to me spending more than like $7-8 on a roll seems absurd to me, but their rolls, no matter what the price is, are HUGE, so you get your money's worth!  I will eventually cave in and pay the $12 & try their Lobster Roll..looks delish..and anyone who's tried it, please tell me all about it!
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2009,8/23/2009,210,226,3,5,4>Its your typical pho place.  The difference?  It's clean.... VERY clean.  You ever walk into the pho places that have sticky tables?  This one DOESN'T have those tables.  The service is really fast.  You order and bam you get your food. It doesn't matter if you get soup or something else.  I've had their crispy chow mein and it's pretty tasty.  I'm also a fan of the spring rolls.  (of course all of this is bad for you)  The soup is about average.  The meat's ok but I have to say... I wish they added more tendon.The price is average.  You'll spend about 6 to 8 bucks per dish depending on what it is.  Also, last but not least, there's a service clerk there who is very friendly and very courteous.(i'm not sure if he owns the place or not)  If you're looking for pho and in you're in the neighborhood? I'd recommend this place.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2009,8/22/2009,300,1398,2,7,6>It's been about 4 years since my work's "Spa day" so since I've been dubbed the "party planner/social coordinator" at work, it was my job to organize another relaxing event...and that it was.Since I knew we'd have a large turn out, I called about 4 weeks prior to our Spa day and asked if we'd get a group discount for a large amount of people. I was put in touch with Ariel Caddow and let me preempt by saying planning my work's special day with her was AWESOME.She reserved us about 15 of the Ritz's popular treatments, drafted a list for me, as the organizer, to update with my co-worker's treatment, time slot they wanted and preferred masseur gender. Then throughout the weeks leading to our Spa day we checked in with each other and she was able to answer questions as well as score us a reservation at The Conservatory since they normally don't take reservations. So yes, you get a discount if you have 10 or more people, i.e.: 10 people = 10% off/treatment, 15 people = 15% off/treatment and thus forth.Once we entered, we noticed that the locker room had changed. Each locker had its own high-tech lock you could set. Before, they'd give you keys attached to an elastic wire you'd wear around your arm or wrist. Also, they got rid of those boring, plain white robes and replaced them with soft, seafoam colored robes with the monogram Ritz-Carlton on the left chest. The only thing I didn't like were the rubber slippers they provided which seemed old.This time I tried the pumpkin body peel ($150) which I felt, was MUCH BETTER than the Signature massage. It consisted of a full body dry exfoliation, light massage with a pumpkin enzyme formula, warm Vichy shower then light massage with pumpkin shea butter. The whole thing was definitely worth it (even cheaper than the massage and it includes massaging!) and I was treated with respect and definitely pampered.The bathroom was still the same...fully equipped with everything you may need to get ready (and thank goodness they still had their lotion there! It retails for $28 in the shop!). There were combs, blow-dryers, q-tips, feminine products, lotions, soaps, etc. You really didn't need to bring anything other than yourself and a suit! In the waiting area, the flavored lemon-lime water was crisp and so refreshing after soaking in the whirlpool or detoxing in the sauna or right after your massage or body wrap. There's also hot tea and fresh apples, oranges and bananas provided.We had a fabulous day at the Ritz and for sure we will come back to unwind and relax. And when we do, for sure I'll get in touch with Ariel to help me set everything up...how can you not when she gave ME a parting gift? Shouldn't I be giving her a gift?!Note: there are no clocks in the lounge area, locker room or where the whirlpool is so I suggest bringing something with you that tells the time so that you don't miss your appointment!
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2008,8/20/2009,674,373,8,9,8>It's 2 o'clock in the afternoon and I haven't had my lunch yet...most restaurants in Castro St that I usually go to is closed....I saw this place and there's few diners and the door is open...but I was hesitant coz I have never been here and didn't have time to check the place on Yelp (hey! I practice what I preach...it's called Modeling or best practice hehe)...Anyway...I checked their menu in a podium outside this restaurant and I saw $5.95 for lunch????     OMG...is this for real???  I was like ok ....if their food doesn't taste good, I guess wasting $ for less than 6 bucks is not bad...I ordered something really common.... I ordered one of their lunch special which is Sweet and Sour chicken (hot and sour soup, and rice included) for $5.95 (for realz ) and a soda.My verdict:  not bad at all... hot and sour soup tasted good (despite the 80 degrees temp..that's outside temp)...the sweet n sour chicken is very good too.  The service:  just ok and I have no complaints.BTW:  I included the "You've been Yelped" card with my tip =)
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2009,8/19/2009,69,150,8,8,9>When I found out that Lynn's going away soiree was at Gumba's, I just had to attend.  I'd been looking for an excuse to try this restaurant, and this was as good as any.  The restaurant is small, but tidy.  Our Yelp party pretty much took over the entire restaurant, but there were about 3-4 tables left over for the unlucky non-Yelpers who happened to decide to eat there when our over-sized party descended upon this location.I should have waited to order because as others have noted, I was having some serious Entree Envy looking at the other Yelpers dinner choices.  I had the Spinach ravioli with Pesto Sauce and a garden salad.  The salad was just your basic romaine lettuce and tomatoes, but I felt it important to get some veggies in me.  The ravioli was rich and delicious.  I appreciated that the pesto sauce was authentic; unlike many restaurants, they don't cut their sauce with heavy cream to make the recipe stretch.  The spinach ravioli was green triangular pasta with a ricotta/spinach mixture inside.  It was a delicious, if not rich, meal and I'd order it again if it weren't for the yummy looking pizzas that everyone else was enjoying.My daughter had the Cheese Ravioli with Marinara Sauce.  She barely touched it that evening, but had it for dinner and lunch the next day, so it must have been good. Finally, the Chocolate Pot of Creme looked divine.  At $3.00, I will definitely try it the next time I come.  I had a sample of the Sticky Toffee Pudding and it was sort of "meh."  I have to be blown away by a dessert in order for it to be worth the calories.  In other words, it probably has to include chocolate.  The next time I come, which will be soon, I'll be having a pizza and the pot of creme.
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,7/1/2013,113,362,4,10,8>Happened to be on this street running errands this past Saturday, and noticed that Buon Appetito had become Sole. Once I learned that it had just opened a couple days before, and that it was owned by folks affiliated with Sapore Italiano, I knew I had to check it out.They're usually closed Sundays, but because they were open for Mother's Day, I was able to return the next day. I had the gnocchi al pomodoro and mom had a chicken dish that came with tomato sauce and mozzarella. I really liked the gnocchi (very puffy; light sauce; very flavorful and not heavy in the least) and would definitely recommend it. But -- I got a chance to try the chicken and I thought it was fantastic! SUPER flavorful. It comes with some really nice potatoes and green beans. They also had some pizzas and a shrimp dish on the menu that sounded wonderful, too. Lest I forget: oh boy, the fresh foccacia and "plain" bread. Very soft and tasty.The restaurant has a warm "family"/neighborhood feel, but would also be great for "date night." Everyone was very friendly, welcoming, and attentive. Will definitely return, and I'm telling my friends about this addition to the neighborhood! I'm sure they'll have many, many regulars in short order.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,6/30/2013,55,33,5,8,7>One word to describe this place: quality.  They use Niman Ranch beef, flaky buns, fresh veggies, and Mitchell's (!!!!) ice cream for their milk shakes, and they serve great beers like Lagunitas and Bear Republic.  It's also heavy into Bay Area sport.  The menu is simple, in a good way.  It's a burger joint.  They serve burgers, with stuff on it.  There's no odd menu distractions.  They have an outdoor patio to grab some brews of the weather is warm.  Service is pleasant and attentive.  This is a great, local burger joint that isn't looking to reinvent the wheel, but rather provide a really good quality wheel.
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2013,6/29/2013,127,1093,4,5,5>It's so rare to find a wine AND beer bar (hence the name, Grape & Grain).  Most places around here either serve only wine or focus on beers, so it's nice to have a place that can cater to both. The place is actually pretty intimate, and there are some food options to go with the alcohol.  It's low key, and we were able to watch the Giants game tonight on multiple screens.  Servers were very chill and friendly.  The crowd is as you'd expect for a wine bar - probably mostly 20-30s on the night we were there, not too crazy.It's an unpretentious but cool place to hang out and get some drinks.
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,6/28/2013,439,150,3,6,5>Jen found this place on Yelp a few weeks ago, and we'd been meaning to go, but it closes at 630pm on Saturdays. So yesterday our plan was to make a quick stop before having early dinner. It was a great plan, but then we got there and they had spumoni and ice cream-filled cannolis. At that point there was no way we were leaving without spoiling our appetites, so we had a little pre-dinner dessert (in addition to taking 4 cannolis to go). The service was super-friendly.As a huge fan of Mike's Pastry in Boston, I might have to say that I prefer this one. They fill the cannolis when you order them, so the shell is really fresh. I think the cheese filling is a bit lighter, but it's been over 5 years since I had a cannoli from Mike's. I need to arrange a side-by-side comparison somehow. Another bonus for Romolo's is that you don't have to wait in a huge line. We'll definitely be back.In any case, we'd never been down 37th Street before, and probably never would have gone down that way, despite the fact that I pass by nearly every day during my commute.
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,6/27/2013,248,194,1,6,5>A little pricey, but totally in the ballpack for Silicon Valley sushi prices. The difference here is the value. Holy cow the sashimi dinner is wonderful. Comes with miso soup, salad, a bowl of rice, and 15 almost 1oz pieces of sashimi on that awesome crisp stringing white stuff (way more appetizing than I'm describing). Great quality fish, without stinging on the portions. For $21 bucks I'm *actually full* on the sushi I order.Super friendly wait staff, bold design, and full enough to feel lively without making you wait in line. Sura Sushi is my new favorite sushi place in Silicon Valley!
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2013,6/26/2013,87,73,3,3,4>The Palo Alto Caltrain station is uber convenient to downtown, and is generally well lit and populated by students and kind folks from the area. I have waited at the station in daylight and at night and have never felt uncomfortable or concerned for my safety.
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,6/25/2013,243,638,3,3,4>I have been meaning to check out All Spice but thanks to my dear friend for hosting his wife's surprise birthday dinner where we all had a great time.  We were party of 20 and they seated us in two tables in one of the rooms.  Ambiance was cozy and decor was beautiful.  It was a 4 course menu starting with Chaat (yelp.com/biz_photos/all-)and ending with dessert.  We were impressed with the portion size and by second course we were filled.  Food was rich, creamy and absolutely delicious.  Parking can get tight here and we were able to find a spot in the back street.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,6/24/2013,403,410,5,7,5>To say that I love massages would be an understatement.  I am so prone to stressing myself out that I am super tense all the time and my body suffers greatly for it.  Unfortunately, this type of pain just tends to gather and fester and eventually I become this grotesque immobile creature who can't turn her head one way because it's too painful and the knots in her back make her walk and sit funny.  If you've never been there, you are lucky.I had a terrible morning recently and woke up with an awful crick in my neck.  I could not bend my neck without searing pain (which was not normal).  Yes, I could shake my head but not bend it. Luckily, my lovely friend Yvonne recommended Verde Touch to me weeks ago, and I remembered this haven on a whim.  What a perfect time to try it out!  And I'm less than a mile away!I was in luck.  Not only does this place have an amazingly communicative website that says if there are last minute openings, but they have a first time massage special where you can try any masseuse at a cheap rate.  This means you can see each one for the discounted rate the first time.  Shira had an opening, and I immediately emailed to book.  David responded very promptly, and I was set for an appointment the following day.Upon entering this place, it's small and serene.  I was greeted by David and was offered hot tea and some water and I felt at peace immediately (even when in such pain).  Shira came in right on time (early, since I got there 15 minutes early) and I was ready to go within minutes.  The massage table/bed is on the floor, but this was incredibly comfortable.  Shira was amazing!  She has magic healing hands! She kneaded in the right places and stretched me out.  Yes, it was incredibly painful at times, but I was all the better for it afterwards and Shira was very cognizant and gentle about it.  I've had many massages before, and these 75 minutes were exceptional - and for $99, it's a steal!  Before I left, I filled out a little payment information sheet since I wanted to pay with credit card, and I was emailed a Paypal link within hours.  Easy peasy.I will be back.  So many amazing things are said about David, and Shira was insistent that I try his trained hands.  I hope to try each person!
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2012,6/23/2013,751,680,16,26,19>I just picked up my daughter from her Saturday morning dance class, and I asked if she was hungry.  She was, and she gave me her usual three choices:1) Mimi's (We were there last week)2) Town (good choice, but a little too far from where we were)3) Bay Watch (another good choice, but again too far from where we were, but the opposite direction)Then I remembered that the Pantry closed their El Camino Real location, and reopened along Delaware Ave, where Peninsula Grill used to be.  Asked if she wanted to try out a new place, and she said "OK."This location is much larger than the previous location on El Camino.  It's more spacious, and more tables.  The fans of this place have followed them here, and as a result, there is still a wait for a table.  Sign in at the front, and wait for your name to be called.  Because there are more tables at this location, tables turn over quicker, and the wait isn't too bad.  On a busy, rainy Saturday morning, our wait was only 20 minutes.After were seated, we were handed our menus.  My daughter and I looked over the menu, made our choices to our waiter, then waited for our order.  We ordered:-Two Eggs and Hash Browns (yelp.com/biz_photos/the-):  my youngest requested egg whites, which they gladly accommodated for her.  Also came with choice of toast.  Pretty big portion for two eggs.  Her eyes lit up as she quickly devoured her eggs and toast (didn't want the hash browns, but I finished them for her!)-Tocino and Eggs (yelp.com/biz_photos/the-):  I requested my eggs over easy, with half/half rice and hash browns.  Tocino was hot and tender, not chewy.  Lean, with a few choice pieces with nice, charred and crispy fat on the edges.  Hash Browns were nice and crispy on the outside, moist and hot in the middle.Very generous portions, just like the old location, and the servers are attentive, and very nice.Glad they're back, and we'll be back too!
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2013,6/22/2013,47,721,5,6,5>We ordered the Asparagus and Proscutto appetizer and it was hands down my favorite dish. I wish I ordered this as my entree instead of the lamb since I enjoyed it so much.The asparagus was cut into 1" pieces, atop a light frisee salad which was on top of fresh mozzarella, a light creamy green sauce and thin prosciutto. Every bite was light and satisfying.The lamb dish I had was also really delicious. Ordered it raw and it was perfectly cooked to my liking. Tender, juicy and satisfying. The reduced wine sauce was sinful, I wish they served this in a huge bowl so I could dip their freshly baked bread in (which was just okay).At the end of dinner, our waiter brought in house made chocolate truffles, soft like butter, perfect amount of cocoa and delectable.Will definitely return.
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,11/21/2013,286,975,4,5,6>This open space has some of the best views of the Bay and SF and Stanford of any hiking trails in the area!  Make it to the top of vista point and you'll see what  I mean.  There's plenty of woods and shrubs and grasslands along the trail, the views change every hundred feet or so.  A really memorable way to spend a weekend day!
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,11/20/2013,49,161,3,5,5>I planned a lunch here for some departments at my company and the entire process went very smoothly, from the event planners helping me to pick a menu to the waiters that helped us during the lunch. We rented out the beer garden in the back, which is a nice setting but gets very hot if it's warm out. I think it would be much better in the winter, and I noticed that they also had many overhead heaters that could be turned on. We chose a buffet-style lunch with many appetizer options, and everyone was happy. The beer selection was also great, and having a bar in the beer garden made it easy for people to go up and order their drinks. The whole thing ended up being around $30/person, including alcohol, which I thought was very reasonable!
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,11/19/2013,218,196,7,5,4>Classic PA spot. The decor is something from the past, but the key lime pie is out of this world! If you love Key lime pie, try theirs. If you hate it (as I did before having theirs), give it a try. You have nothing to lose (well maybe a few dollars) and everything to gain. If you buy an entire pie there's a deposit for the glass dish. Bring the dish back for a refund, or, better yet, another pie. Baked Mac & cheese is tasty. Beet salad with salmon is a healthy option. Their shakes are fantastic if you are on a 3000 calorie/day diet. Wish they offered smaller portions. I'm tempted to try their bread pudding but feel a sense of loyalty to the key lime pie. How can one cheat on perfection?
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,11/18/2013,424,202,3,4,4>The first time I visited this place when I was working at Extended Stay Hotels in Belmont. It was the title that attracted me. I really did not know what to expect. Will there be serious Godfather like servers there? Perhaps the a real Godfather-like group owns that place. At any case, the title just intrigued me to go check it out.After my first visit, I knew I will be visiting it again. (This review is based on my most recent dine there -which was probably my 3rd visit)PARKING can be find anywhere on the street. There is no private parking structure or lot for this burger lounge, at least not to my knowledge. I never had trouble looking for one (I usually park on a slightly incline street) so no problems there. I usually avoid going to places if I know I would have trouble looking for parking.OUTLOOK of the spot look like a cross-mix of Burger King's and Sino (Santana Row)'s exterior. The base color is flat black which brings out the title of the place a bit more. I guess you can say, it is a bit Godfather-like.Upon your entrance to the INSIDE, you are greeted by heavy curtains (wait until your eyes adjust a bit -if you're entering this place during high noon). The interior is based with dark colors as well like matted black, dark red and even low lighting was provided. There are tables and sofa-like seats you can sit. CUSTOMER SERVICE is definitely pleasant which was unexpected. Remember what I said what I thought the service would be like Godfather-like -serious, stern, but professional. We were greeted with a smile by a young lady and was seated right away. There were plenty of spaces so we got to choose where we wanted to sit. No complaints on her ordering and our food came out fairly quickly.(what we like most about this place was there was so much visuals that referenced the Godfather movie and Al Pacino and other respected actors and actresses on the wall. Very nice touch -me thinks it's a owner's dream to run a joint like this)The FOOD portion was ginormous and juicy. The burger is too large for me to hold and take a bite out of so I have to cut it in half in order for me to eat it. I had garlic fries for my side which was decent.The VERDICT is if it wasn't a 20-30 minute drive for me (there's always traffic on El Camino), I think I would eat here quite more often. I definitely recommend this spot for everyone to at least try once. (I think we even saw the owner sitting at the table next to the entrance/exit. He said 'thank you'. Makes me wish we could speak with him perhaps how he came up with a place like this and send him thanks and compliments for doing such.)
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2013,11/17/2013,523,353,9,5,6>Ok... so whilst everyone is fighting to move into the city to pay sky high rent prices, I'm fighting to stay out when I can. I dunno, something about driving 30 minutes in circles to end up settling on a questionable parking spot, and then getting ticketed or towed, well it blows. So when I find an acceptable establishment in my hood (and by that I mean on the peninsula) that replaces something that I could once only get in the city, I get pretty darn excited. Enter --- Cryo Cream. Is it an acceptable replacement for Smitten Ice Cream? Hell to zee yes.The ambiance is kinda whatever here, but you know what? I actually don't care. I even appreciate that they seem to have gone out of their way to not make it look hipstery... it barely looks different from the yogurt shop that once inhabited this space. Ok, I'm all for saving $$$ but I guess adding a little charm to the space couldn't hurt, but you know what? At the end of my ice cream holding day, I really don't care! But the $1000 stroller toting mom's of Burlingame might!I got a small cup of cookies and cream ice cream (which uses oreo-like cookies and marshmallows) for $3.75. After a plume of liquid nitrogen gas, they whipped that bad boy up in seconds. Keep in mind, I've only had smitten once in my life (for the obvious reasons stated above) I even went all the way and shelled out the extra bucks to get one of their handmade/handrolled cones (probably b/c I knew I may never make it back for a 2nd trip)! Honestly, I think I might like Cryo cream better. Not sure if anything is organic, or if they use fair trade oreos or responsibly harvested marshmallows... but what I do know is that it had great creamy texture, wasn't overly sweet, and the marshmallows were a great touch! Best of all I didn't have to wait in line, didn't have to spend 30 mins finding parking... it was glorious.What really was the proverbial cherry on top of this ice cream was that they have fabulous color changing spoons. The service? Well after reading some of the reviews about the bad service... I can see how the Burlingame crowd might not be impressed by their less than glowing service. But you know what? I walked up to the counter, made eye contact w/ the worker, and the girl who took my order spelled my name right. I don't need to exchange pleasantries, smiles and shit. Just get me my ice cream. and fast por favor.So, will I come back? Of course! Will I recommend to a friend? Oh yes!P.S. Today's flavors: Cookies n cream, vanilla, salted caramel, chocolate, pumpkin latte (but I'm pretty sure they change)
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,11/16/2013,62,74,1,7,3>So, so, so, so good. Been here a few times and have tried the huevos rancheros, biscuits and gravy, Italian omelette, and Rick's omelette. Everything has been stellar. I'm not a big fan of hollandaise, but my friend said the egg's benedict are great as well. $5 mimosas -- you can't go wrong.Warning, though: EVERY time I have gone, there has been a 30+ minute wait. We have tried it at multiple times in the morning, and it's consistent. Factor that into your brunch plans!
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,11/15/2013,463,341,4,7,5>If Teavana had an affair with an Asian Tapioca worker, then their baby would be named T-Pumps. Think refreshing gourmet tea flavor concoctions...plus asian boba to top it off. This place has always had a line out the door ever since it opened.. I thought it was a teen homework hangout spot or something with all these teenyboppers and youngsters hanging around outside making me feel old. But after hearing the hype for awhile and everyone and their mama trying T-Pumps except me (even my son who is a 'tween' has been to T-Pumps before me) and after getting tired of him rubbing it in my face because I'm supposed to be an Elite Yelper, I decided I'll get my old self in that line and try it once before I die. OOOOOOOO-WEEEEEEEEEE!!!!Like I said, this is not your typical 'pick one off the list and order' boba place. There isn't ONE menu so if you don't like making decisions then do NOT come here. First I was confused... but thankfully there is a list of directions and I know how to read. PROBLEM SOLVED.ORDERING AT TPUMPS 101Decisions, Decisions...1) Choose a size either Tpumps or PumpBo (T-pumps size is equivalent to the large size at Tapioca express BUT at a quarter less of the price- and a PumpBo is like the TapEx Chubby size).2) Choose your flavorS (see there's an S there)? They have a list of flavors and you can choose 3 to add to your drink. Now I'm normally a plain tapioca milk tea drinker so I was a little bit scared at first because what would happen if I chose an ugly flavor combination such as chocolate, peppermint, watermelon and added milk tea to that? I'm assuming there would be a flavor war and it would be ugly, so I just asked the girl at the front what would taste good together and took the plunge. I've tried a bunch of other combinations in my subsequent visits after that but you never forget your first.  And now it's my favorite. Strawberry Peach Mango. Yum 3) Choose your tea. Green, black, or decaf. 4) Milk? Yes or no. Milk makes it more "asian" tapioca drink-like. Without milk makes it look nice and refreshing like a Teavana iced tea. 5) Sweetness? None, light, medium, extra sweet are your choices. I always choose light.6) Boba? Yes or no. If Tpumps wasn't cheap enough, Boba is already included in the price unlike other tapioca chains that charge you $0.50 to add boba even though they know that 90% of the customers will typically order boba. Honey Boba or Popping Boba? Honey boba is the soft black tapioca balls cooked in honey so they're sweeter than your typical black tapioca balls- and the popping boba is the syrup filled grapes with the weird skin that you typically find at a self-serve frozen yogurt topping bar. And if you pick popping boba, you have to choose a flavor. I've tried lychee and mango, and I dislike that weird skin coating texture.Anyhow, after all those decisions are made- you will find yourself with a yummy, addicting, enjoyable custom made tea order. I wish they served crispy fried chicken here, but I guess I'll have to settle for packing supplies and a safety deposit box space. Maybe they only agreed to buy half of the store space because the other half is filled with safety deposit boxes and packing supplies. Yes, the layout is.. unique with no seats and very little cramped standing room but who cares, it's worth it.Move over Ocha and TapEx because I found a new love... It's T-Pumps.. For life.
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,11/14/2013,403,410,4,7,4>Still sOOooo goOoOod.  If you are ordering anything OTHER than the omakase for your main meal, that is the INCORRECT ANSWER.  You are WRONG and will always be wrong.  When you come here, (make a reservation, and don't be a bitch and show up an hour late), say "omakase" and somewhere between 6-10 pieces.Sam's does an untraditional variation of omakase that many Japanese people believe is the best sushi in the Peninsula.  Sam's omakase incorporates interesting garnishes and special touches that you wouldn't find in a traditional sushi-ya - things such as pine nuts, mayo, sesame oil, grey salt and more.  Sounds intriguing, doesn't it??  It's super delicious.  My favorites?  Blue shrimp, seared toro, arctic char, bonito, baby lobster, salmon.What else is tasty?  Sam's special.  A simple hand roll with rice, a perfectly cirspy shrimp tempura, and a special sauce.  I can eat 3 of these with a 10 piece omakase order easily.Sam's desserts are always a treat as well.  They run out so make sure you get your dessert order in and ask about the specials. DO IT.  DO IT ALL.
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,11/13/2013,92,210,4,7,8>Pretty cute place that just opened! It's right on the street corner, and it's not a plaza so you'll have to find street parking. You can choose b/w small, medium and large sizes, and an assortment of flavors. I tried the mango flavor with mango topping and condensed milk (free topping if you check in on yelp!), and thought it was very tasty! The shaved snow isn't too sweet, which I liked (so it doesn't taste artificial). They also have a secret menu with cool flavors such as banana and avocado (which taste like the real deal!) if you wanna be adventurous. Overall, the price is really good for the amount of shaved snow you get (equivalent to getting frozen yogurt), and the staff is super friendly!
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,11/12/2013,348,168,2,14,3>As a Russian myself, I have difficult time finding good Russian food in bay area. This place is mainly grocery store and here is what you should try if you want to take a glimpse intro Russian food: - Call 10-15 minutes upon arrival and ask them for the grey bread to get ready. Oh boy, this bread is soo good and warm. - Try great variety of salads they offer to go like Olivie and Herring Salad. - Sour Cabbage- Russian candies- Dadu vanilla ice-creamand if you want to have lunch/dinner there, try traditional russian soup - borsh, it is pretty decent here.
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,5/22/2013,24,72,3,6,5>This place has become my new go-to. Kendra, the owner, makes it a point to learn your name, and the entire staff is wonderfully accommodating. I came in today with only an hour to spare, and they managed to do both my fingernails and toenails with gel. I don't normally do gel because it dries out my nails, but they did an excellent job. Their regular manicures are great too.They have nice, comfy massage chairs for pedicures, and their tools are clean.But the best part is the hand and foot massages they do as part of your service. They don't skimp here. The oil smells like coconuts and they use aloe vera lotion, and you can feel the tension melt out of you, both hands and feet. It's lovely.They are a bit pricey for gel, but their regular manicure prices are very reasonable. Best local nail salon I've been to.
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,5/21/2013,153,254,4,10,8>4.5-star pizza for the Bay Area, 6-stars for Redwood City (is that allowed?).Walking into Vesta, you feel like you're entering into a pizzaria the likes of Pizzaiolo in Oakland, Gather in Berkeley, or Pizzaria Delfina in SF. Thin crust pizza with inventive toppings (mascarpone, honey, and sausage, for example; ample opportunities to add-on pork products or an egg atop things). "Handwritten" menus that change with the seasons. Crisp, funky hipster decor. In other words, my kind of place.Ordered a bunch of things: roasted brussels sprouts (smokey, crisp, delicious); arugula salad; meatballs; the sausage honey pizza, a margherita, and the pizza of the day (fresh tomato and lime). The dough of the crust tasted well developed and full flavored, with nice spring and chew and those big poofy toasty bubbles of crust that only happen in a nice hot pizza oven. The thin dough underlying the toppings  was tasty but did not have any holding power - unlike the similarly styled pizzas at, say, Delfina, the Vesta pizzas require a knife and fork. The sauce has nice acidity and subtle sweetness that complements toppings without distracting from them. Overall, this is an amazing spot for Redwood City, and the best pizza I've had anywhere along the Peninsula; if it were in a city, it would rank highly (although I don't think Vesta would quite give Delfina, Gather, or Pizzaiolo a run for their money).
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,5/20/2013,1324,243,9,10,9>For years on end, buying a car would mean going to dealerships and spending endless hours haggling to save some money.  Time is money and I don't have either. LOL.With the wonderful world of internet, you can look up whatever cars you like and get a direct quote and invoice for that particular car of interest.  Giving you the options to deal with them directly without spending a whole lot of time going through dealers after dealers.I was fortunate to land at this dealership and met one of the most awesome up and coming car salesman by the name of Jeremy Welsh.  Don't let him fool you by his look-- He may look like a young man who just wants to seal the deal.  He is so not that!  Very accomodating and made my experiencing in purchasing a car....a very enjoyable one. I particularly don't like any car dealerships that showed you what they think you need and want.  I came for a particular car and I expect to drive away with that car.  I ended up deciding to go for a Honda Accord Coupe, and to my surprise, he had all the amenities from a car standpoint as well as the price.  You heard me!!!!  Price!!!All in all, a great experience at this dealership.  Jeremy Welsh made my experience of buying a car effortlessly enjoyable from the moment we walked through the door to driving our baby off the lot.  I would highly recommend this dealership along with Jeremy because they work endlessly to get you the right car at the right price in a timely manner.  You can't  beat that!  Now who sound like a salesman, pitching a deal?
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,5/19/2013,474,505,4,7,7>My fridge and freezer was going out.. I didn't want to spend a ton of money to get the entire thing replaced! My boyfriend gave me a list of places to call. I was a little weary of all the 5 star reviews and not that many for this technician. I called a list of them and this was the first that picked up their phone at 8 am (as listed on YELP!).They gave me a few time ranges and I picked the earliest one possible.. Within the hour, there was a technician at my door! Alejandro was very nice and told me 5 minutes after he got there what was wrong. Since I requested for him to fix the refrigerator, the service call fee was waived! The charges were very reasonable.Awesome service.. Knowledgeable and friendly.. I will have this number on stand by for ALL my appliances.
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,5/18/2013,809,645,11,13,12>This quaint little shop has only been open a matter of weeks, but has managed to become a favorite stop for me.  They have a nice selection of flowers, plants and gifts packed into this tiny space, but welcoming to all.  And the prices are better than any other florist that I've ever shopped.  Frankly, I don't know how they manage to sell their goods at such low prices, but I'm thrilled to have found them.  If you're looking for flowers or unique gifts for Christmas, this is a great place to start your search.  Like I said, don't expect a huge selection because their shop is not the size of Walmart, but what they have is priced right and creative souls will find something to take home with them.Happy Holidays!
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,5/17/2013,637,255,17,24,24>Consistency is key and Joy Sushi never disappoints with their lunch bento boxes. I come here regularly for to-go orders and am always satisfied with the quality of the food. One of these days I'll actually sit down for a meal, but their to-go orders are quick (10-15 minutes after I call it in) and a great choice for me when I only have time to eat at my desk.You can choose between a 2-item bento box for $8.95 or three items for $11.95, both come with soup, salad, and rice. Choices range from sashimi to chicken/salmon teriyaki to saba shioyaki to beef short ribs over to sushi and spicy tuna rolls. My favorites are the salmon sashimi, the saba shioyaki, and the beef short ribs. The sashimi consists of 4 very large pieces of fresh, tender salmon. I love the beef short ribs, which are coated in a delicious, light marinade. The saba shioyaki (broiled mackerel) is a good-sized filet and has a lovely char flavor to it. There's an occasional fish bone in the filet, but they are small enough to not cause an issue if ingested. The person taking the phone orders is very friendly and the sushi chefs always say hello when I come in and thank me on the way out. The restaurant itself has seating at the sushi bar, a few tables on the first floor and then more seating on the second floor. The atmosphere is nice and welcoming and this place does get pretty busy during lunch rush, just another testimony to their delicious, solid food.
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,5/16/2013,128,442,2,8,4>The wife and I decided to check out the fourth attempt in 10 years at an anchoring restaurant in Stone Pine Center over the weekend.  This month, the tenant is Jersey Joe's....and I think they have a pretty good shot at sticking around.Unlike the San Carlos location, this is a VERY updated place (makes sense, it's brand new).  They accept all credit cards, and have one hell of a selection of beers on tap.Wisely, they pulled the bar from the restaurant, opening up the left side for more tables.  They also REALLY updated the cooking area. The menu selection is pretty much like the one in San Carlos....lotsa cheesesteaks...but also burgers and more importantly, REAL garlic fries (mmmMMMMmmm).   We decided on a cheesesteak for the wife, and (shocking, I know) a bacon cheeseburger for moi.  Two SLIGHT dings here - only american cheese (and I still say that if your cheese has a shelf life of 200 years, it ain't cheese)...and no question on how the burger should be cooked.That said, we got our order a bit later, and the burger was pretty damned good - and the wife thought her cheesesteak most excellent.  Oh....and did I mention garlic fries?Much like the one in San Carlos, many of the food options are served in poundage...perfect for a growing teenager...although as pointed out above, the quality of the food is definitely better.  With their target market clearly defined, Jersey Joe's wisely has a special targeted towards the high school.  Kudos to them.Absolutely I recommend it.  Good food, good prices, and if you have a teenage boy, he MIGHT leave full....
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,5/15/2013,99,397,5,6,7>Great place for a burger.  it's movie themed here with pictures of celebrities around the restaurant.  They have a TV with a slide show of random celebrities some of them iconic and some who are not.  It would probably be more interesting if they played a movie but oh well. I mad the Director's Cut Burger that comes with an Angus patty with mushrooms and fried onions.  Delicious and juicy.  Knowing that the burger was going to be pretty large I opted for a salad which made me feel a bit healthier.   Service was a bit slow but they were pretty packed during lunch.
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,5/14/2013,275,494,7,11,12>I've bookmarked Hachi for quite sometimes. Finally, I went last night with my sushi-eater friends.From the outside, the place looked very sketchy. As we were pulling over, my friends were like.."errr.. is this place open? it's so dark." The restaurant was indeed open... it just needed extra lightings outside. And what a different atmosphere inside. It looked simple but modern. There was only one table of two..and later a couple other tables after we were seated.The server was very friendly and throughout the night we had a chance to talk to her a little bit. It took us about 2+ hours from the time we got there until we finished dinner because the food came out very slowly. Service was attentive but the food came out way too slow.  The server later told us that they were short of staff that night. She received our feedback very well so I'm not going to ding the score for the slow service.Their infusion cocktails were delicious and $5/drink, not bad. We ordered white geisha, Lyche in heaven and peach and heaven. The drinks were not strong, well it's japanese cocktails so no hard liquor there. My friend later got their potato based soju (I think) on the rock.. and he thought it was still not strong...o well!I must say that I was a little bit disappointed that their "buy one get one 50% off" promotion was only offered for their Nabe (Hot pot). The sign outside and the menu on their website still had the rolls but they were not offered last night. I wish they would be a bit more consistent. Don't take this the wrong way, I don't mind paying full prices, just don't advertise otherwise.We did get our free baked mussels  because we checked in on yelp and our food orders were more than $30 (their prices are not cheap so it was very easy to go over $30!).However, the food that we had were very delicious. Certainly, one of the best Japanese food I've had in the area. The flavor and taste of their sushi are certainly a lot better than the other cheaper Japanese (sushi) restaurants in the area.We ordered the hamachi belly special. We didn't realize it was "nigiri." $7.95 for two pieces, a bit steep BUT the flavor was out of this world. We loved them so much!!!!!!!! The pink lady roll was delicious and flavorful. The server advised us to eat the sushi with soy sauce but honestly, we didn't have to. The sushi rice was very well flavored and most importantly there weren't too much rice!!!! The fish was also very fresh, yumm!The lobster island roll was a tad pricey ($17.95) but we really enjoyed the roll. Probably our favorite roll of the night. The lobster was sweet and not fishy. I personally am not sure why it took so long to prepare this roll though.. since nothing was cooked.. well.. except the lobster tail shell that they baked/torched for presentation only.The vampire roll was also delicious. We were a little bit nervous it would be too spicy for my friends since they both don't like spicy food because it came with jalapeno and sriracha sauce. However, there was no heat at all so everyone was happy munching into this roll.The mango shrimp tempura roll, certainly had the mango flavor! A bit sweeter and probably the least enjoyable since we thought if they would have put sliced mango vs mango pureed it would add more texture to the roll. It was still pretty good though :).We also had their salmon and ikura pizza and garlic butter lobster pizza. The pizza were more like crispy crepes. The dough was thin and not doughy. The lobster pizza was the star of the dinner. We loved it soooo much. It was simple, and it had some sliced peppers on top but again, not spicy. The salmon pizza came with cream cheese on it and a little more complex and rich. The ikura gave extra saltiness, could be weird for those who aren't adventurous with their food :).The baked mussels were a bit overcooked, in my opinion. They were complimentary though so I won't complaint about this hahaha!We also ordered 6 of their fresh oysters. They tasted fresh and delicious. My friends and I go to Tomales Bay oyster farms a lot and though the oysters here were smaller and they were already dressed in some sauces and seasonings we really enjoyed them...very much!They kindly gave us complimentary dessert which was green tea ice cream dressed with plum wine. I've had green tea ice cream before...but not with plum wine. The flavor was "interesting." My gf thought the wine made it tasted like cough medicine :). I found that mixing the ice cream helped to tone down the "sting" from the wine (that gave the cough medicine like flavor). We certainly would like to come back to try more of their food. Our total for the night was about $145 for three people. Not dirt cheap but we knew we had quality food and we appreciate the friendliness of the server throughout the dinner.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,5/13/2013,836,728,8,20,11>Koubideh!!!I crave Persian food all the time! :D This place has been on my to do list since I started yelping! And finally I've had the chance to try it out a few weeks ago!I probably should've read the reviews before coming here. My friends and I didn't know where we were suppose to order our food. So I will save you from any embarrassment. How to order- First timer? Take a look at their menu that's by the deli counter- Wait in line at the cash register and tell them which number(s) you'd like. I usually say "for here" so you get a nice lavish bread- Pay cash or credit card (yes, they even take amex)- Take the little paper with your number on it- Walk outside of the market and make a left. There's a small window just at the end of the building on your left.- Wait patiently for them to call your number- If they ask, "want greens?" You say, "yes"- Eat at the tables at the front of the store. Add lots of sumac spice to your meats! Enjoy! :)
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2008,11/25/2008,217,97,5,14,11>So last week my groomer calls me to tell me my boys are ready to be picked up and tells me that one of my guys booty is really irritated and she thinks I should take him to the vet asap. Super! not only is my normal vet out of town but the emergency visits at the office are CRAZY expensive. I remember That my sister took her dogs too Adobe so I call and see if they can get us in, the lady I speak to listens patiently as I ramble worriedly about my dog and tells me to bring him on in, if we get there before 6 then its a regular visit fee, after is about double as an emergency (even the emergency fee is half of what our regular vet charges)Thanks to traffic we end up there around 6:30 or so and we're greeted warmly and registered and then we wait. It took about an hour to get us into a room and and a vet tech checked Prince (my baby) out and gave us and idea of what to expect when the doctor came in and assured us that he was going to be okay.The doctor (Dr. Elizabeth Rogers) took about half an hour longer to come in and she quickly assessed the issue, diagnosed (impacted & infected anal glands, eww), sedated and treated Prince.Since he was already out the tech working with us offered to trim his nails which she noticed where a bit over grown and stayed with us while he came around from the sedative.When we went to check out I noticed that the bill was less than I had expected and when I reviewed the charges I noticed that we'd been charged for a regular visit rather than an emergency one. When I mentioned it too the receptionist (karma people, nothing is for nothing) she said that we'd arrived so close to 6 and waited so patiently that they were just billing it as a regular visit. That's customer service.We are Adobe patient for life now!We've already been back for a check up with Dr. Rogers, for some dental issues a rescue cat we recently brought into our family was having, and again her care and efficiency was unbeatable.
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2008,11/24/2008,85,1621,9,9,11>It's one of my favorite local breweries in the Bay Area and I can't get enough of their Blonde ales! I always order a Tall Blonde and their sausage trio appetizer which comes with kraut, spicy mustard, a rosemary baked pretzel! Perfect combination with a beer! Had the crispy chicken ceasar salad but it was meh. Parking is spotty but you can try finding parking in their tiny lot or on the street. Dana was our server last night and well, she was awesome! Great customer service! This place feel authentic with the exposed layered brick walls and its furniture. Watch out for their blondes, they made me pretty toasty!
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2008,11/23/2008,148,125,6,10,8>Even with the current economic outlook, falling housing values, and diminishing portfolios, one can still eat like a king at Back A Yard. My personal favorite is the oxtail and jerk pork combo plate. The oxtails come out bathing in a delicious rich sauce; the tender jerk pork is bursting with bold favors and meat juices. The scrumptious meats are accompanied by a side of fried plantain, salad, and creamy coconut rice with beans which balance the heat from the jerk spice perfectly.This place looks like a hole in the wall, so its popularity has to come from the real substance - in this case, it is the food of course.The P/Q ratios are unbeatable. (Can be read as Price to Quality and Price to Quantity). It is a strong buy. Still not convinced? How about 250+ reviews, 4.5 stars average, and only one $ sign. You do the math!
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2008,11/22/2008,1928,1761,14,19,17>First love: Fro-yo, Second love: Burritoes, Third love: SmoothiesRedwood City's Broadway Ave. is one of the city's premiere and popular destination for snacks. With the secluded streets, just hanging out on that city's strip is very enchanting. There are endless things to do on that street.I was in the mood for some caffeine to hold me over. I landed at this cute little Hawaiian place for a liquid snack. Inside the shop on the posted menu, they serve coffee and espresso drinks made with specialty blends from the tropical island. They also serve sandwiches, quick desserts and smoothies. The smoothies are named from affiliation from the tropical island and made with freshest ingredients including Double Rainbow Ice Cream. Yum!I took a raincheck from the caffeine fuel and opted to check out one of their specialty smoothies. I ordered the Aloha Colada in a 12 oz. cup. For $3.50, it's not an alcoholic drink, but made with freshest tropical fruits, liquid and taste of the Coconut Pineapple Ice cream. I enjoyed a cool and tropical beverage without stepping foot in the Hawaiian island. static.px.yelp.com/photoThe girl, who prepared my beverage, was very friendly and greeted me with an "Aloha" upon my debut entrance. All I need is a garland and I'm all set. I think I found a place to get my beverage and my morning coffee, in which, I'll check out soon!!
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2008,11/21/2008,537,770,3,4,5>I wanted to have din with my former coworker Laurie K. since I miss her so very very very much after she decided to go back to school. Being that I had to go buy some stuff on University too we were wandering around places in Palo Alto and she wanted to take me to a place I haven't been yet that was good. Because I just have eaten at too many places that every one that we've been to was like "Oh, I've eaten here." Finally we come to Coupa, and it is this totally cute college cafe. First glance around the place, survey says the Mac/PC ratio is 4 to 1. Ok yes. I decide this is a cool and trendy place based off that figure alone. LK ordered a sandwich and I got the smoked salmon pasta with a vanilla latte on the side. The latte was perfection. Super sweet not too much foam and the espresso was not very bitter. The pasta had white sauce and wasn't very salty at all which was where the smoked salmon came in with the savory to balance it out. I really enjoyed how cosy this place was and if I were a student again I'd definitely go here.
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/5/2008,11/20/2008,423,254,11,13,9>Took Flash here for grooming and trim. (Sorry no nail painting on a male Aussie, even if he has a pink nose :p )I tried three other places as I wanted him done this week since I am in SoCal most of next, and this was the only place that could take him.Dropped him off at 1230, he was ready at 4 when I called. They didn't call me to say he was ready, but no biggy. I don't know how much grooming runs here normally, but $65 seemed a tad high - but they did a really good job - Flash is so soft women want to make pillows out of him. Why don't I get those kinda offers huh? ;)I'll probably try another place next time in the unlikely event I plan ahead, but I'll certainly take him again if I needed to. Like before my Xmas party maybe.
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2008,11/19/2008,1030,1955,6,8,8>I went to a wedding here in September of 2006 and totally forgot to yelp about it!  I don't care how much time has passed, I need to bookmark this place because it was so beautiful!  It's perfect for a wedding of about 100 people.  You have the ceremony on the grassy area, then walk down this little path that takes you to the reception at the outdoor seating area with a roof of course.  The little path is actually pretty steep and kind of difficult to walk on if you're wearing heels.  Heck, even the grass is difficult because your heels sometimes sink in!  When it gets cold, there's a smaller room with a deck (the deck is enclosed with windows you can open/close too) where you can dance, chill out and eat cake.  I only wish there was more of a lounge seating area for those who don't want to stand too long.  Everywhere you go, there's an astonishing view of the vineyard.  There is quite a curvy drive to this place but it's well worth it.
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2008,11/18/2008,80,155,8,8,8>The King (Yuan) is dead, long live Mingalaba!  Don't be fooled by the signs which have not yet been changed--the restaurant that was King Yuan is under new management and is now called Mingalaba.  The place didn't just get a new coat of paint and a MUCH nicer staff, either--the menu has expanded to offer a large selection of Burmese cuisine!I finally ended my year-long boycott of King Yuan (the lady who always handled my to-go orders was so incredibly rude that I willingly went to Panda Express.  For real!) when my friend came back with rave reviews of the new staff AND menu.  They still have the same chef as King Yuan, and the orange chicken was even better than I remembered!Also entertaining is the music there--classics such as Celene Dion's song from Titanic, Elton John's "Can You Feel the Love Tonight", and--get this--"La Bamba" reinterpreted on classic Chinese string instruments.  La Bamba!!!  It was awesome.
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2008,11/17/2008,1771,136,11,13,11>Came here awhile back, but just never got the chance to actually write a review. Let's just say this resturant is by far the best place to eat xiao long bao which is also known as little steamed dumplings. It is served hot and its not really a meal,but more of a appatizer. Xiao long bao often time is dipped in Chinkiang vinegar with ginger slivers which gives it that extra flavor. The best part of xiao long bao is when you bite into this dumpling there's juicy soup inside that gushes out...*mouth watering* OMG !! just talking about it is making me hungry lol If there ain't yummy soup in the dumpling it ain't xiao long bao !!! Got it ? lolAs for service it's pretty good ^ ^ especially when you have a large group. This place gets packed especially at night !! Very lively ^ ^
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2008,11/16/2008,139,167,4,6,5>If someone were going to ask me what my favorite flavor is, I'd probably say garlic.  I effing love garlic all over everything, I'd really put it on most things if it weren't borderline socially unacceptable.  In my dreams, the love of my life and I are dumping garlic all over delicious food, and then feeding each other, AND THEN MAKING OUT withOUT brushing our teeth!It is for this reason that I round up the rating for what would be for vegans a decently solid 3.5 sandwich place, up to four stars.  Let me break it down.A) There are not a lot of extra things for vegans like hummus or falafel, but that's really kind of okay because I actually really do enjoy myself a good veggie and avocado sandwich.  So as long as most delis have avocado, I don't hold the other stuff against them too much.  B) These sandwiches are HUGE but for $1 less you can get their "small sandwich" - which is still hilariously huge, but slightly less ridiculous.  I do like to be able to regulate somewhat my portion sizes before I'm allowed to uncomfortably stuff myself (ie if it's in front of me, I'm gonna eat it.)C) And here's where the garlic thing comes in - they actually have some vegan sauces - in particular this INSANELY garlicky sauce, and a hot sauce. Nothing brings a vegan sandwich down like having to be all dry due to the "no mayo" request (and I'm not a big fan of yellow mustard.) This is just a solid sandwich place, made a LITTLE more special  - for vegans included! - due to that kick of garlic sauce.  If you're ever in this neck of the woods and the above description also sounds like your ideal relationship, meet me at Lucca.  I'll be there with a bouquet of garlic in my hands.
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,3/30/2012,128,133,10,10,10>Apparently the Elite Gods have punished me for taking a couple months off, not like i was busy during the holidaze or anything...and to be honest, I value quality over quantity, blah blah blah.  I just haven't been inspired lately.  It's sad really, for my Yelp status, for my taste buds and for my social life.  But it happens to the best of us, non?Getting back to quality, The Sam's Chowdahmobile was parked at Simpson Thacher today and I finally got hands on the famous lobstah roll, aka My New Muse.In my return to reviewing and in honor of MNM, I'm taking it back.  WAY back.  So far back, I wasn't even born yet when this song was released...feel free to put on a little glitter eyeliner and sing a long. Ahem **clears throat**Oh yeahMmStill don't know what I was waiting forAnd my taste buds were getting boredA million dead-end lunch spotsEvery time I thought I'd bring lunch madeIt seemed the taste was not so sweetSo I turned myself to you, YelpYou wrote of the truck, I'd caught a glimpseOf how the others tasted the lobstahI'm much too stuck in my officeCh-ch-ch-ch-ChowdahTurn and face the clam(Ch-ch-Chowder)Don't want to be a hungry manCh-ch-ch-ch-ChowdahTurn and face the clam(Ch-ch-Chowdah)Just gonna have to be a mobile manTruck may change placeBut I can trace truckMy lobstah roll was a healthy sizeIt could have fed my whole teamExcept that I am not the sharing kindSo I stuffed my face with itBut still other lunches all seem the sameAnd these sammichs that you spit onAs they try to change their menusThey don't compare to your mobile seafoodI'd fill a tub and bathe in youCh-ch-ch-ch-ChowdahTurn and face the clam(Ch-ch-Chowdah)Don't tell them to show up and be out of itCh-ch-ch-ch-ChowdahTurn and face the clammer(Ch-ch-Chowdah)Where's your loca-tionYou've stuffed us up to our necks in itTruck may change placeBut you can trace truckClam fascination, fascinating lobstahAll the lunches in my future I'm going to do youI bet David Bowie would love the lobstah roll and approve of my crustacean inspired remix.
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,3/29/2012,1175,863,20,20,19>My butt hurts!!!From the hills here.  X-DMy husband and I came out yesterday to get our wilderness on and do a little exercise.  We ended up hiking about 10 miles through some really beautiful trails.  I tend to forget sometimes that California has nature just like my home state....just a different kind of nature.  So it makes me feel almost like I'm back home again when I rediscover these California trails.The trails through the Purisima preserve are very well taken care of.  The first part of our hike was pretty much all downhill, and although there were some muddy spots, the general condition was very good.  We branched off to take the Craig Britton Trail, which I actually liked even more than the others we explored because it felt more like "real" hiking to me -- a narrower non-graveled path through dense trees and thick growth.  The redwoods are pretty freaking amazing, I'm not gonna lie....as much as I crow about nature back home, we ain't got trees anywhere NEAR this big in Maine.I was a little disappointed at the lack of wildlife we observed....the only living things (other than fellow hikers) we encountered were banana slugs (how can something be so pretty and so gross at the same time??) and some birds that sounded like angry monkeys.  Oh well.  It was pretty crappy weather so maybe all the furry woodland creatures were curled up in their dens staying dry.  One good thing (to me) is that dogs aren't allowed on the majority of trails here.  So no poorly-trained strange dogs jumping on you or leaving poop behind for you to step in.  Yay!  Yeah, I'm not a dog person.One thing that was particularly evident along the Craig Britton trail was charring from a past forest fire.  It extends through a large part of the woods and even though it's obviously long over, the marks it left are kind of scary.  Nothing like a burnt-out charcoal-coated stump of redwood to make you feel tiny and insignificant.The way back to the parking area is responsible for my sore booty.  There are some pretty steep hills to scale when recovering all that lost altitude!  Thank god for my Insanity DVDs....I'd hate to be me right now if I wasn't prepared for it.  Ouch.
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2011,3/27/2012,58,71,6,6,6>I miss this place since I moved from Burlingame to San Mateo. It's the best coffee stop in burlingame, period. I make it a point to stop in as often as I can. Everything here is good, and the staff is super friendly.
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2012,3/26/2012,152,386,5,8,6>LOVE this trail!  Wish I was within (my short) walking/running distance - I'd be here daily!Right along the bay, with beautiful views across the bay on a clear day. Or look up and you can watch all the planes heading into/out of SFO.  Well paved with little gravel walks to the water's edge.  Spaced out benches and picnic tables for breaks.  Mile markers so you know how far you've gone. Even though this is well used by walkers, runners, bikers, rollerbladers, etc - there's plenty of street side parking anywhere in the Foster City section.  So, easy access whenever you want. This trail makes me want to be a runner or buy a bike just to bike along this trail!( Only negative (?) is no bathrooms )
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2012,3/25/2012,124,148,6,6,6>Sure this place costs an arm and a leg, but that's why you only go for the lunch specials and give up at most a couple fingers.  But seriously, sushi this good does not come around often in the bay area.I always get the sushi over rice lunch.  For the price, you get fresh pieces of fish, scallops, and even uni!  Really can't beat it.  If you are a sushi lover, you gotta come check it out.
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2012,3/24/2012,676,1464,4,7,6>OMG. They serve bison burgers here!! Jenn W has been to the SF location so when she realized we had a Bullshead Express so close to work, we made the trek down.I ordered the burger with mushrooms and it didn't disappoint. The meat was juicy and delicious and the mushrooms were sauteed perfectly. Veggie ingredients are super fresh and the fries were solid. Wait can be awhile since they cook to order.Entrance and location is kinda hard to find since its located in a super industrial area along Bayshore. Drive around to find their door before parking since we made the mistake of parking and having to trek around the entire building before finding their front door on our first time there.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2012,3/23/2012,228,190,4,5,6>I LOVE Pizz'a Chicago. It has a warm, open vibe and the patrons are diverse and all ages. The dining room is spacious and can acomodate larger groups. I know it's not traditional Chicago stuffed-style pizza (be still my heart whenever i think of Giordano's!) but the pies are tasty none-the-less. I find it less pretentious than Patxis downtown. Plus there's tons of coupons in the papers or in the Stanford directory ($5 off a large pizza, buy one pizza, get one half off etc).The whole place oozes Chicago - from well-known street signs and funny sayings to the trompe de l'oeil paintings on the wall. I've tried many things on their menu and find them to be good portions and good value. I never fail to feel stuffed when I leave this place. We rarely order appetizers for this reason. However, the stuffed mushrooms are sooo yummy. The Chicago hot dogs are pretty small but authentic. Since I have two hungry boys (my honey and our son) we have stopped ordering just one pizza to share and now get two. I think one is enough for 3-4 normal appetite people, but not with this crew! My faves are the Eddie Gaedel (shrimp, dill, ricotta, capers - so different than any other pizza i've had) and the Black Hawk (sausage, ricotta, red peppers with a hint of lemon zest - SO good). The boys devour the Rush Street (all meat - I love the sliced meatballs on it). There's more veggie options on the menu than meat so everyone can get what they want. You can also order half and half pizzas if you can't decide.My biggest tip (like others have said before) is to call at least 15 minutes ahead of your arrival and order your pizza since it takes around 40 minutes to bake these bad boys. They'll bake your pizza half way and then finish it when you arrive.
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,3/22/2012,100,160,8,11,8>Veggie burger, turkey burger, the real deal (SOLID beefy burgers)-- it's all available at Godfather's Burger Lounge with a generous helping of French fries.TIPS / THOUGHTS:  1)  Juicy, gourmet burgers!  I love how each bite is so juicy and delicious.  It's flavorful, juicy and just what you'd want from a burger.  :) 2)  Godfather's says that they can totally customize your burger, and they're right!  They will do the burger any way you want-- double the cheese, extra this, a little less that.  Godfather's is generous with their servings, which I love since we're paying at least $10 / burger.3)  GARLICKY TRUFFLE FRIES (4/5):  The garlic truffle fries here are delicious.  Yes, I still think Gordon Biersch's garlic fries (especially at baseball games) are the BEST (and also Jefferey's, which gives you FRESH garlic and Parmesan), but the garlic truffle fries at Godfather's are plentiful, generous and garlicky.  If you ask the waitstaff, they'll also serve you up an extra container of garlic so you can make sure vampires (and people you normally kiss) stay far away from you.4)  BEER BATTERED ONION RINGS (3.5/5):  Very good and crispy.  They give you two aoili sauces and a good heaping of beer battered onion rings.  I love how when you bite into an onion ring at Godfather's, it usually doesn't pull out the entire onion ring with that one bite, leaving only the deep fried batter shell.  For some reason, though, I really like Red Robin's Tower of Onion rings.  The batter at Godfather's is more smooth, but Red Robin's is more crusty and crumbly (think breadcrumb consistency).  In any case, the onion rings are good here.5)  SWEET POTATO FRIES (3/5):  It's supposed to be "famous," but the garlic fries seem to be much more popular than the sweet potato fries.6)  SOPRANO'S ULTIMATE BURGER ($11.95) (4.5/5):  Oh yes-- it's SO GOOD!  :)  Again, very juicy and totally hits the spot.  If you're a blue cheese type of person, then remember to order this burger with blue cheese.  It's something about that 1/2-pound burger patty, crispy bacon, blue cheese, sauteed mushrooms and onions that gets my mouth watering.  You'll love this burger! VENUE:  I like the vibe of Godfather's.  It has a flat screen TV that goes through actors' head shots.  It's nice to get a glimpse of the actor's selected head shots because that's one of the most important parts of their resumes.  The windows around the restaurant are covered by curtains with black and white screened images of the Godfather characters.  The restaurant has a nice mini bar with cool lights, and there are booths bordering the restaurant and tables that can be combined to fit parties of at least 10-15 people.
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2011,3/21/2012,206,213,5,9,8>I'm a bit wary about posting this review as this makes me a bit of a criminal however, this is such a deal...I have to spread the word for all you K-drama, Chinese Drama, Japanese drama lovers...Soyodo sells books (Chinese), magazines, stationary, music CD's, DVDS of Chinese, Korean and Japanese regions.  They also service computers too.  Most DVD's are only $5.95 or you can mix and match for a 4 for $20 deal.  I went for the deal and got 2 Chinese movies and 2 K-dramas.  I suspected that these were bootlegged copies and was concerned about the quality of the dvds.  Staff was kind enough to ease my fears and play the dvd in the store so I could see for myself that the quality was actually pretty good.  Most importantly, the English subtitles were actually interpreted really well so you can actually understand the movie.I more or less spent the whole weekend glued to my couch watching K-dramas.  I will definitely be back to purchase more movies for moi....P.S.-In no way is this a confession...just a review of a great little business :)
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2011,3/20/2012,267,761,4,5,6>Truthfully I am not a big bibimbap fan and this is because I've had bad experiences at other Korean places, but I am here to tell y'all that this can be cured! Yes, the cure is a nice big bowl of bibimbap from Sunny Bowl. I love this hole in the wall and hard to find place! They definitely put a lot of ingredients in your bowl and the price is decent. I like how you can customize your bowl. Yum! I think I've found a new regular place for dinner now. Great service too. They were very friendly and helpful about my bibimbap experience. Their kimchi is fresh and homemade. Delicious. Best kimchi I've had as well.
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,12/12/2013,206,213,3,6,5>It's difficult eating healthy...options are slim in some cities but luckily, there are tons of choices to choose from in the bay area.  But don't label me as a health conscious nut, I am far from it but I'm getting older and I need to start eatimg better.Lyfe kitchen is an exemplary example of a healthy restaurant.   They have a vegan menu,  gluten free menu and a regular menu.  Given I only had a soup and a side of their amazing Brussel sprouts, I am a fan.  The brussel sprouts were perfectly cooked and paired great with the butternut squash and cranberries that it was cooked with.  I definitely did not feel bogged down after eating here.  I'm looking forward to coming back and eating their "fried" chicken that everyone seems to be raving about.  If I keep eating here, I just might start making a "lyfe" style change and eat better all the time!
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,12/11/2013,248,194,1,3,2>I've lived a few block away from this place for almost a year and had NO IDEA this place was here. You have to first walk a block away from Cal Ave, sneak down a dark alley, and BAM! A closet-sized sushi joint appears.Don't bring your "I-like-Japanese-and-by-that-I-mean-I-am-a-­chicken-teriyaki-ordering-picky-eater" with you, 'cause this place is raw bar only. Sushi, sushi with rice, sushi in rolls, sushi without rice, you get the picture. Raw fish only you cowards.The best dish on the menu is the Cherashi (spelling?!?). A mixture of small bites of a few different fish, mushrooms, served over a dish of brown rice. Doesn't look like much food on the plate, but ended up being pretty filling at a great price.As the name suggests, they only serve brown rice with the sushi. It took me a couple years to get over the whole strong flavor brown rice issues, but once I cleared that hurdle I was able to appreciate a great find like Homma's.Great tasting fish, odd location, and super low prices make this a great regular spot for sushi night.
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,12/10/2013,36,208,,5,3>I debated my rating for three days because I never thought a place could deserve 5-stars after being sold out of most of their offerings. But I keep remembering how most of the people there on this busy Saturday afternoon were repeat customers who had specifically made a road trip to return to this new craft brewery. And no one was complaining about the limited selection, well except me. So how can I deduct a star just because the good news has traveled too fast? Their two brews on tap were certainly crowd pleasures (no one in the place had just one pint)  and their keen selection of four guest taps kept me happy. (They were also pouring a rich-looking red wine.) The cozy atmosphere, attention to details, and fun crowd turned our one-pint intentions into a lovely afternoon in El Granada. Yes, Hop Dogma deserves 5-star accolades and we are eager to return for confirmation.
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,12/9/2013,100,278,1,6,2>So this place opened up a block or so from my work.    Since they opened, I have been here perhaps 10 times for dinner/ lunch etc...Through work, I also find myself in need of a caterer quite often and I have had the folks at Sidetrax do several events ranging from 12 people business lunch to a 200 person funeral reception...Jose, the owner is great to work with and makes setting up the catering "easy" as he clearly knows what he is doing...and is spot on with his suggestions and always finds something in my budget.   I know I can call him and set something up over the phone in 5 minutes or less.But what keeps me coming back is the food...It is REALLY good!   I don't have a menu in front of me, but my favorites are:Scalloped Salmon.... A pan fried salmon with a scalloped potato crust... I've never had it like this before but it is awesome.Tonight I had a different fish (sole I think)    Pan fried in an egg batter to perfection with a wine/ caper sauce... really good.They do several great pastas too.Anyhow, I scratch my head when I see this place empty and a full City Pub next door where the food is average on a good day.So if you are looking for a great new place in Downtown Redwood City, give Sidetrax a try.... Also keep them in mind the next time you need an event catered!
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,12/8/2013,67,98,3,3,3>I came to this shop because I needed a hitch installed in my van to towed my RV.I met Francisco and he was extremely friendly and helpful he explained the whole process and started working on on my van right away. They took around 30mins to install it, their prices are reasonable I can't complain.I will refer all my friends to this place because they also offer mechanical repairs.
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2013,12/7/2013,292,227,3,4,3>I really love my visits to Osteria, which are usually when I'm in need of some simple comfort food. Nothing says comfort like well-prepared pasta, I say! I'm sure a lot of people don't like going out for pasta because it's a simple enough dish to prepare at home, but Osteria's pasta is fresh, made right in the restaurant, and the dishes are cooked perfectly.This evening, my husband and I arrived around 6pm on a Friday, and it was already bustling with only a few tables left unclaimed. We managed to snag a small table in the corner, and I literally had to squeeze in between someone's chair and our table to get to my chair. I was disappointed by the bread to begin with - was it always cold bread with cold butter? I could have sworn Osteria knew better than to do that to its customers. Anyway, that aside, we ordered the Penne Fantasia and one of the specials for the evening, a lamb medallions dish served with green beans and rice. Both dishes came to the table piping hot, and they were solid. We were particularly pleased with the lamb - the flavors of the sauce on that lamb were superb - mostly savory, with a bit of tang, probably from balsamic vinegar, would be my guess.We also shared a dessert of a warm, molten chocolate cake served with vanilla ice cream. That was a great way to end the meal, especially with a cup of their awesome coffee to go with it. :)If you're in need of some comfort food, look no further than Osteria!
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,12/6/2013,641,501,7,7,7>The foods are really tasty.  But the drinks.  AMAZE-Balls!I love that they are in RWC, really close to my house, so I can go and enjoy a fancily made scotch based cocktail whenever I like.  They also have tons of different beers to choose from.  I swear, the menu of drink options has gotten bigger every time we visited!BTW, I tried the deconstructed chicken and waffle last time -- it was really tasty, but kinda expensive.  I'll probably stick to a burger or just bites of scotch eggs in the future. I'm already planning my next trip back though.
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2013,12/5/2013,184,711,5,7,4>Serving as a home to the infamous Silicon Valley nerd/geek/wantrepreneur, is the legendary downtown Mountain View Red Rock Coffee Co.A little bit pricier than Starbucks, Red Rock serves up some tasty brews accompanied by friendly service. I'd say the extra $ is worth it, considering it's a local business -  and lets face it, sometimes I'm just too lazy to walk all the way to Starbucks at the end of Castro. The inside is usually jam packed with rimmed glasses and mac books, both upstairs and down. This generally makes for a nice environment to work, but if you want to have a loud conversation, you're probably best off at the sidewalk seating, or downstairs where there is a little more chatter near the register. Overall, a great coffee house. Tip: Small sized drinks are SMALL. Like pathetically small. So small you'll wonder why you even bothered. Stick with medium and up, and you'll have a fine time.
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,12/4/2013,474,505,4,10,5>I received a gift certificate to Zen Project from my friend Michelle Y. for my birthday. It was so thoughtful and much needed!I arrived 5 minutes before my appointment. The receptionist was very friendly and even told me that I would only need to have enough time in the meter until 6 pm. Free parking after 6 pm in Burlingame.My friend suggested Jasmine as well as the guy that answered the phones at the front desk when I made the appointment, so I went with Jasmine for deep tissue massage. There is a form where you complete with the amount of pressure you would like (1 being the lights to 5 being the strongest) or areas to focus on or not to focus on. I picked 5. Mine was mainly shoulders since I have a shoulder injury with hard tissue that I needed to break up. Jasmine may be tiny, but do not underestimate her strength! Boy oh boy.. She has been the strongest masseuse I've ever had! She was able to dig into my knots and loosen them up! My shoulders were relaxed after she was done. I didn't feel any pain in my left shoulder.If you are doing deep tissue, I highly recommend Jasmine. Also, if you work out 5 days a week like I do, I would recommend to do this on the last day of working out, so that you have two days to recover. My arms and shoulders are sore (but in a good way!). I've been trying to stay relaxed at work and watch my posture. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2013,12/3/2013,154,218,2,3,3>My fiancé and I come here when we want some "healthy" gluten-free Asian food. I usually order my box with: rice noodles, beef, steamed veggies, all the toppings + extra shallots sans caramel egg, tamarind vinaigrette, house made sriracha, no fish fish sauce, and Asian Street dust. My fiancé gets the same but with brown rice. Portions are generous. I've tried Chicken and wok veggies there before and they aren't so delicious in comparison to the beef. The wok veggies were kind of mushy. They make the beef with a little bit of pink so it's not tough. IMO I like my combo the best. I also tried the mint green tea here which was nothing special am didn't give me a nice zap of energy so if you are a caffeine freak it's not going to do the job for you. It wasn't so tasty either... Maybe just a splash of lemon in there will do!
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2012,6/21/2013,184,711,8,8,7>Fu Lam Mum is the only dim sum restaurant I've ever been to. I don't have anything to compare it to, but I can say that I've loved everything I've eaten here. Tips: Come with a group and share the platesOrder off the carts (trust me, it's fun)Trust that whatever you're eating will be good (if it weren't for my Chinese co-worker I'd be screwed  - theres a bit of a language barrier)Nightly dim sum happy hour!Don't feel bad to tell them no more food (they'll seriously just keep bringing it out. It's so good but at some point you just have to say noooo)Group of 7 had lunch for under $80. Legit.
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,6/20/2013,163,39,23,6,6>You know how in zombie movies, it isn't the zombies, but the people you truly have to be afraid of?  Suruki's half off event is the closest to a post apocalyptic scenario as you're going to get.  Around 5:50, people begin amassing near the sushi.  There are at least 20 or more people just trying to peer over each other's shoulders and position themselves as close to the front as possible.  The tension in the air is palpable.Then the employee informs everybody about pushing and shoving, but nothing is going to keep these people from their half price fish.  We're given the go ahead, and it descends into absolute chaos.  There is not enough room to squeeze more than 2 people through the entrance ways.  Think Safeway, but for ants.  I'm literally trying to hop over grandpa as he stands in the aisle grabbing the prepared meat items.  God help me, I may break this man's back over 7 dollar Blue Fin tuna.  People are just grabbing everything within their reach.  One man has stacked boxes high enough in his cart that I can only assume he is going back to feed his family of 50.  An item is spilled on the floor, yet nobody cares.  I manage to get three sashimi items and make it to the register.  If tough mudders get a headband, then where is mine?
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,6/19/2013,154,218,8,12,7>I love Jing Jings! I have been coming here for ages and it is still my favorite Chinese restaurant in the Bay Area! My absolute favorite dishes here are:*dry sauteed shredded beef*dry braised shrimp in chili sauce*hunan smoked pork w/ leek*sweet and sour chicken original style (brown sauce)*kung pao chicken*honey walnut prawns - the candied pecans used in this dish is really amazing!*the special pan fried noodles*the pork & turnip noodle soup - amazing for cold and/or sick days*dan dan noodles w/ spicy peanut sauce - i had a friend that would come all the way up from LA to get this good stuff!*sweet and sour soup*potstickers w/ soy & ginger sauce*eggrolls w/ sweet & sour sauce + a dallop of hot mustard
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,6/18/2013,207,200,4,7,7>Love this place! I've never had a bad dish here - everything tastes great and you leave feeling clean. Things I've tried:Fish tacos: YUM. Fish isn't battered though (LYFE kitchen doesn't fry anything). You get two tacos loaded with veggies, but it's still only two tacos.Art's Unfried Chicken: So good. I'm surprised they can get the chicken this crispy without frying it. The brussel sprouts weren't crispy though.Kabocha Squash Risotto: Nom. But $3.50 more just to add 4 shrimps? I bought an entire tray of 30+ shrimps at Safeway yesterday for $2. Portobello Pasta with Free-range Chicken: Possibly my favorite thing here.Pumpkin Soup: Creamy. Tastes exactly like you'd imagine.Strawberry Yogurt Smoothie: Good. Tastes exactly like you'd imagine.Apple-Ginger Soda: Refreshing. Tastes exactly like you'd imagine.The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is the pricing - a little expensive for lunch, especially given their portions. I have never had any leftovers to take back from here, and you'll probably be hungry again by 4 or 5 PM.
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,6/17/2013,463,341,3,3,3>Rushing to catch our movie next door, my group and I didn't feel like theatre food so the new Chinese Restaurant caught the corner of my eye and I figured it would be a more fulfilling meal at a fraction of the price as movie theatre hot dog meals. I called in our order, ran inside to pick it up, and Sun's was quick, friendly, and above all-yummy and decently priced. Just what I needed to jump-start my movie, and made it in time for the previews. Mission Accomplished.
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,6/16/2013,56,95,3,7,3>Got the job done under $40 and service was quick and friendly. Staff were very pleasant and keen on helping me out (I was the little Asian girl who's never had a smog - or anything relating to cars - checked out before). Not to mention - there was an insanely yummy taco shop down the street (Los Altos Taqueria). It was well worth the 30 minute wait!
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,6/15/2013,247,1074,6,7,6>Really enjoyed this cozy little French bistro. The owner is absolutely warm and inviting and makes you feel totally welcome. Ordering is self-service but they do operate like a restaurant somewhat as there is someone who brings over water to you and refills it and brings out your entree, too.They have anything from cheese plates with pate or smoked salmon to sandwich combinations and salads or specialty entrees. I think prices are fair for the type of food they are serving, although I do wish they had some wine happy hour or specials of some sort!Go for lunch or a casual dinner! This place is small so keep your groups to 2-4 individuals =)
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,6/14/2013,656,1338,6,11,7>It's been awhile since we've been back here, (no particular reason, we just haven't been..)We brought some friends here on Saturday night, and we all loved our food. Service has definitely improved since their early days. We got our food quickly, waters were kept refilled, and we were checked on a few times.We decided to sit outside, since our friends live in a cooler area in SF, they were excited about having the option to dine outdoors here.When it cooled off later in the evening, our server even brought the heater closer to our table.The chicken koobideh is the best I've had anywhere, (and I've had this dish quite a bit.)The staff and owners are incredibly nice, and the prices are reasonable. This is definitely  a place that should be in the rotation:)We've brought numerous family members and friends here, and everyone always likes their food.
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2012,6/13/2013,1533,1062,15,19,17>We've found a top notch Italian restaurant in the Peninsula..yay!  Yelp buddy Janice C. organized a dinner here for a party of 13.  We had the back room all to ourselves.  Our waiter was wonderful and the dinner was phenomenal!  For an appetizer we shared: a sampler of a sort of porchetta (thinly cut), proscuitto, arancini, mozzarella, olives, peppers, and a puffy hallow kind of bread.   We also shared the wild boar bruschetta and cod arancini.  The sampler plate was a good salumi sort of plate.  You can never go wrong with cheese & pork!  The boar bruschetta I was honestly afraid to try, but it had a nice smokey taste and was lighter than beef.  The cod arancini was perfectly fried and didn't taste very fishy.  I would order these two appetizers again!  The table also shared an excellent mild red wine (good for me since I don't like reds), Sandro Fay Ca Morei'.  For my entree I chose the tortelli since I wanted something light to eat.  The tortelli was almost like tortellini and was cooked perfectly stuffed with three different kinds of squashes inside.  They were cooked in a brown butter sauce & topped with slivers of cheese.  This was so good & the best squash pasta I've ever had!  It wasn't overly sweet & the sweet & salty worked well.   He chose the pork belly risotto for his entree.  This dish was huge & hearty!  The risotto was creamy but not too rich.  The chunks of pork were tender and the skin was still crispy!  I wish we had room for dessert but there's always next time!  I'm so glad that Janice organized a holiday dinner here.  The food here is excellent, portions are generous, prices are fair, and service was great.  We'll definitely be back!
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2012,6/12/2013,140,125,3,7,6>Great place for a burger and a beer. I'm here about once a week and always get a cheeseburger, garlic sweet potato fries, and a beer. I love that they use grass-fed beef and local ingredients. The burgers taste fresh and delicious, and they have a nice beer selection and great options for various sizes of beers. The outdoor bench seating is fun and there are plenty of heat lamps. It's a good place to sit and people-watch as folks stumble down Castro St. My only criticism is that the burgers aren't cooked very consistently. I always order my burger medium and it's come out anywhere from rare to well. To the management's credit, though, when I sent back my rare burger for a few extra minutes on the grill (and I NEVER send food back, I promise!), the owner personally came over, apologized, and fixed it. That's the kind of business I want to patronize.
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,3/12/2014,292,536,3,8,7>Workout and have fun? Yes, please!I'm a first timer and I have no dance experience whatsoever, so I was nervous to try the start-up pole session. But! The instructor was very nice, made us feel comfortable and provided appropriately challenging moves, woo! $300 for a 10-pack of classes, and like other yelpers mentioned, follow driving directions instructions on their site. There's a blue Safeway sign you can turn into basically. Google maps failed. Can't wait to go back for more!!
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,3/11/2014,100,285,70,75,73>On Mountain View's Castro Street, where restaurants sometimes come and go in a matter of weeks, Stein's is now a popular "old timer".  It's been up and running since March of 2013, and I'm pleased to note that most of the kinks have apparently been worked out of their operation.A few weeks ago, it was Teal'c's birthday, and I took the Birthday Puppy and his "Big" brother Spenser out to celebrate in style!  Stein's doesn't take reservations, so we arrived early to avoid the wait.  It was Friday night, so there were already quite a lot of names ahead of mine on the list.  Because I had a pair of puppies in tow, we could only be seated on the patio; the up side of this is it meant we got got priority for outdoor seating - our wait was only about 20 minutes.  This smiling, can-do, casual attitude about eating with dogs is one of the main things that's brought me back here half a dozen times in as many months.  It's also why I've eaten outside all but one of the times I've come.  That's turns out to be a good thing, because the noise level inside when the place is jumpin' is about what you might experience at a seven-alarm fire during an Earthquake; Stein's is NOT the place to come for a quiet, romantic dinner.  However it IS the perfect spot to sit on the patio (with or without your pooch) and enjoy a dizzying selection of 32 microbrews, accompanied by some pretty decent food options.  There's also a succinct but surprising good by-the-glass wine list.Over the course of the past few visits, here are some of the dishes that I've had and would be happy to order again:- House Cut Kennebec Fries: yelp.com/biz_photos/stei These highly addictive Bad Boys are served by default with sea salt and ketchup; kick in an extra buck, and they can be upgraded to House Cut Truffle Fries with parmesan and parsley, and served w/ lemon garlic aioli. yelp.com/biz_photos/stei Why just die young, when you can die young AND happy?- Fresh Baked Pretzels with caraway beer mustard: yelp.com/biz_photos/stei Warm, soft, and perfectly salted, if these pretzels have a flaw it's the fact that they're too small, and vanish WAY too quickly!  The caraway beer mustard they're served with is sweet, delicious, and the perfect compliment to the salty goodness of the pretzels.- French Dip - roast beef / au jus / ciabatta: yelp.com/biz_photos/stei Big enough to make me happy even after a ten mile hike, this hearty stack of tender roast beef is served on a house-baked cibiatta roll.  Up there with the better 'dips I've had lately, chowing down on this provides that quintessential savory/hearty comfort when dipped in the au jus.  I'm going to have to have another one of these again soon!- The Steins Burger - house ground blend of dry aged short rib, brisket, and sirloin, served on a house-baked brioche bun with tomato, onion, lettuce, and aioli: yelp.com/biz_photos/stei I just tried this for the first time on Teal'c's birthday, and it was pretty damn delicious - the mix of meats and the brioche bun were key.  The taste of the Belgian Special Ale I had with it was perfectly complimentary.  I've been generally pleased with the service.  Its level is inversely proportional to the noise level - The louder things get, the more spotty and slow the service becomes.  That said the improvement since the opening months is marked.  About the only really noticeable kink that still hasn't been fixed since my first visit is a lack of bowls for dogs.  While the servers are happy to bring your puppy water, and don't mind at all if you bring them something special from the outside to eat (Teal'c had mashed up TJ's turkey meatballs for his birthday feast!) there are no metal or plastic bowls available; just narrow plastic cups which don't do the job very well.Stein's is a welcome change of pace on Castro Street - a solid, above average destination with an exceptional beer menu, decent service, and a comfortable, festive atmosphere.  I would have given them 3 and a half stars if such things were possible.  As it's not, I'll round it up to 4 stars because Teal'c and Spenser are always welcome.
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,3/10/2014,93,917,3,10,8>Someone damaged our Acura in a parking lot, and the guy's Geico coverage suggested we take it to this nearby shop. I admit I was somewhat skeptical due to the past mixed reviews, but nonetheless, it was nearby so we decided to give it a shot.Chilton is definitely quick and efficient. Friendly employees working there, as well. They provided us with a rental car, but our rear bumper was fixed in a matter of two days, so we actually didn't need it much. Regardless, that was a nice touch. The paint job looks great for now, and I hope it holds up equally well. Four stars for now unless anything goes wrong in the coming months...
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2013,3/9/2014,252,103,3,5,4>Very affordable..especially during happy hour. Happy Hour is $5 for everything! and the portion sizes are 'regular sizes'. Very tasty...and yummy! They're not stingy with the happy hour drinks either! Love it...cause its a cool spot to go since we live around the block!
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,3/8/2014,676,1464,2,15,8>I am so conflicted about reviewing this business... Because I have to admit to the fact that my lashes have extensions on them!!This location can be a little hard to find since its a doorway to the right of Joanie's Cafe! Ring the doorbell and Olivia will come out to escort you into her studio. Appointments are easily made on her website and she offers many styles to pick from. I wanted something natural so that I can get away with POSSIBLY letting people think that I was blessed with full long lashes (hah yeah right!) After making the appointment, she and her husband (who runs the email/communication side of the business) sent pre-visit instructions and post-visit instructions. I showed up in comfy work out clothes and was led to her table to lay down. Instead of picking the fullness and style, I told Olivia that I wanted something natural and pretty and let her work her magic on my lashes. She was great in taking pre/middle of the procedure and post pictures of my lashes. She showed me the various lashes that she would be using prior to gluing them on and I settled in. She was extremely responsive to feedback (ie, if she could adjust the eyepads a bit since they were slightly itchy) and there were times that I fell asleep. Olivia was fantastic to work with and she was super patient. I have very thin fine lashes and she took her time to make sure that I walked out with a natural look vs something totally outrageous and fake! Definitely take a peek at the photo i posted! Post appointment, I received a followup email to make sure everything was okay. She's still in her soft-grand opening phase and is offering a Facebook offer of 50% off for anyone that books an appointment simultaneously with a friend (both people get 50% off!) Not sure how long this will be running so get your appointment in!
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,3/7/2014,190,436,5,7,6>$40 for Tea for Three (tea for three people). The salad is pretty darn delicious and plentiful. The sandwiches are good, get the salmon! It's mayo + salmon - licious. But definitely, hands down, the star of the three is the SCONES! I like how they're drop biscuit-y sized, opposed to squares, don't ask me why. I did not know scones with butter tasted like heaven. Did you? Did you know that scones with butter tasted like heaven? Tis true.
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,3/6/2014,273,395,2,11,7>I only spent about an hour here on Saturday, but it was a nice hike, for the ground we covered. There are two entrances to Purisima Creek, and coming southbound on Skyline, we took the 2nd entrance, which has a good sized parking lot.The entire trail that we covered was very well shaded and completely down hill, which made the trek back to the car, more work that we thought about initially. It's a good, wide trail, appropriate for hikers of any ability.  You can even take your mountain bike down the trails.I definitely want to go back, when I have more time.Notes:*Parts of the trail are gravelly so be sure to have appropriate shoes*Great photo ops - we saw 3 deer*Can be chilly under the shade*There's a port-o-potty towards the top of the trail*There are picnic tables around
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,3/5/2014,47,93,5,9,7>This place is cozy.  The kitchen takes about 3/4 of the entire restaurant and is located directly in the center.  Walking in you immediately see the two distinct paths laid before you; a fork in the road if you will.  Place your name on the clipboard to be seated in a timely manner.  Japanese owned and operated I believe...There was a time early on when Shalala just lacked overall.  I feel like they've grown, matured and really found their vibe these days.  I won't go into details and I'm in no way a food connoisseur, but to me it's been noticeable and I feel that should be noted. Weekends, especially with the cold weather can be overwhelming.I gravitate towards the Spicy Miso Ramen + the egg.  The broth is rich and full bodied; the noodles on fatter side, yet chewy and give a nice bounce back.The Karaage is also a crowd favorite.  Light, crispy batter accompanied by a side of Kewpie Mayo.The Yaki-onigiri is also a favorite of mine, but purely out of nostalgia.  The rice has a nice coating of soy sauce, which is roasted and becomes crispy on the outside.All in all, if you don't want to drive up to San Mateo or Santa Clara, Shalala in Mountain View provides a more than happy medium =)Enjoy!
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,3/4/2014,13,101,4,5,4>The one thing they don't tell you in your Baby Manual is that you'll be required to attend all of the birthday parties of all of your children's friends.  Believe me, while a part of you is delighted that your child is popular and other kids want them to celebrate their birthday with her, after the 48th party, a (small) part of you wishes that your Girl was a sociopath that had no interest in human contact.So you'll see your share of parties, and someday you'll have your own.  Pump It Up is as good a place as you can find for it because Every Kid Loves The Bounce House.  These bounce houses are enormous.  Some of the bounce houses have basketball hoops, some have obstacle courses, some have slides that are two stories tall.  If your kid is able to jump, there is no way they won't have fun here.  At times I'm appalled at the behavior of some of these kids, especially the children that are six feet tall and weigh over 200 pounds.The staff is selected for their ability to manage the children, they are good at getting them motivated to have fun, and they also keep them safe.  They work with the children on the climbing wall (yes, a climbing wall for kids), and they do make sure your children follow the rules. However, there are more kids than staff, so the parents also must mind their little ones. They move your group from one room with bounce houses, to another room with bounce houses, to the party room where the cake and pizza is served.  Trust me, your kid will be the king/queen for a day as they sit on their throne, chomp on some pizza and laugh about the fun they had a few minutes ago.I wouldn't call it cheap, but then again, try having a party for 25 kids at your house and tell me how much you pay.  Make sure you book weeks in advance (or earlier), they fill up quick, and most people won't come during a weekday.
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,3/3/2014,141,329,4,8,8>My fiancé and I were on a quest to find rings...rings to rule them all...our preciouses! (sorry, I just had to make a LOTR reference)We tried the usual places: Tiffany's, Shane Co., etc, but Geoffrey's really stood out from the crowd with their selection. Go into any jewelry shop looking for men's bands, and you're going to be shown a small case hidden amongst the dazzling array of women's jewelry. At Geoffrey's, the men's section is much larger than the competition!Nikko was incredibly helpful in showing us the vast array of options. It was almost too much, but I'd prefer more options than less. And it seemed almost any option could be done with ease...anything we asked for, we were told was totally doable. Talk about customer service!I'm so glad we chose to take our business to Geoffrey's. They indeed were the best around and the service and quality really and truly shines.
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2009,8/1/2010,111,233,6,8,8>I decided to take my visiting relatives here for a Sat. dinner. This was my first visit and thank goodness we all enjoyed ourselves. Also thank goodness that I remembered to make reservations. When we arrived the comfy booth was waiting for us. I love that!We weren't expecting the live entertainment but it was definitely an added bonus. The piano player was amazing and he added the perfect background music.The table bread was fresh and warm. Sourdough and brown bread. They serve it with olive oil/balsamic with herbs. This is a huge plus in my book. I ordered the Ravioli Gorgonzola and OMG was it delicious. Melt in your mouth deliciousness. This dish made my taste buds very happy. My dining guests (Madre & Abuela) both ordered the Halibut and Salmon Special. I sneaked a bite and I thought the Halibut was especially tasty. This dish came with polenta, mashed potatoes and vegies. I love Italian food and La Tosca exceeded my expectations. You can better believe I'll be back for more!
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2010,7/31/2010,876,750,17,32,26>Harley Farms hayloft dinners are as decidedly delicious as they are unique. Let me break it down for you in four parts. So please read on! It is worth it!!I. The BasicsFive courses. Twelve times a year.Twenty guests maximum. Organic food originating from farms, dairies, and ranches within a 30-mile radius, many grown or produced on site. $150 per person, bring your own wine. Mineral water, spring water, coffee, and tea are provided.Starts at 4 PM and ends ... we were there until 9:30 PM.Menus are designed for each meal based on local availability and the chef's preference.II. The LocationA 100-year old restored barn with soaring ceilings, gorgeous woodwork, local artwork, and a remarkable hand-made dining table and chairs .Jazz music and singer-songwriter ballads create a pleasant soundscape.The guests are respectful, food-savvy, and talkative without being intrusive.The servers are knowledgeable and kind in sharing their love of local food and farming.Dee Harley, the owner, describes each course and presides over the evening with grace and good humor.III. First Impressions - Before the Feast Begins The meal is only part of the experience. Guests arrived in pairs and small groups starting around 4 PM. They were greeted by outgoing staff and the local denizens of the farm: cats, chickens, a turkey, and lots of lovely North American alpine goats. After snacking on a selection of the farm's award-winning cheeses and sipping hot apple cider until the others arrived, a guide walked the group through the farm, sharing stories that were poignant and pleasant - like the recent funeral for Bart, a beloved llama sadly missed by many. We moved from the barn to the milking station to the cheese making room itself. Most of the female goats were pregnant in February and getting ready to deliver, so they were kept inside the loafing barn to rest and were not being milked. But our guide, Janet, provided us with more than enough information about sustainable farming practices and anecdotes about the farm and its unlikely but meteoric rise to local, national, and international prominence for producing hands-down one the best artisinal goat cheeses you will ever taste. The goats are treated with care and compassion and their diet is rigorously monitored to provide quality and consistent supplies of milk that reflect the taste of the fields in which they roam.IV. Enter the Food - Dining in Farmhouse StyleThe meal itself began after the tour. It started slowly with a first course of appetizers (roasted salami slices topped with chevre and pear). Guests opened their wine bottles, poured, clinked glasses, and mingled as they admired the look and feel of the space itself. Some sat on pillow-topped benches, others watched the sunset from the outdoor deck, while the rest stood in small groups to talk.The second course was a lentil, tomato, and garlic soup accented with fresh oregano, thyme, rosemary, and a healthy dose of crushed black pepper. It was accompanied by toasted rounds of local sourdough with melted Gruyère  and Parmesan (or "cow stuff," as Dee put it).  An excellent and hearty winter dish throughly enjoyed by all.Next came a small plate of ravioli, stuffed with ricotta and chevre, and served on a portion of fromage blanc with fried sage leaves, browned butter, and a thyme sprig to add fresh, creamy, and nutty notes to the cheese-filled pasta pillows. Comfort food served elegantly. The plates were licked clean.The main course was a beef brisket marinated in coffee and brown sugar. The beef came from two cattle who had lived on the farm and been slaughtered several months earlier. The sides were a whole onion, wrapped in bacon and stuffed with garlic and crumbled Parmesan, young red potatoes, and some delicious rainbow chard picked hours earlier from the garden. The grass-fed beef was thick and chewy with an earthy taste and texture. It was not for the faint of heart or those used to grain-fed Filet Mignon, and several diners seemed out of sorts with it and with their onion. This course, however, struck me as a perfect sort of winter farmhouse meal with more than a hint of English culinary influences. I enjoyed it throughly and savored the last drops of a Tablas Creek 2007 Esprit de Beaucastel from Paso Robles: a Rhone-style red that was the ideal accompaniment to this rustic but refined meal.The desert was a delicate and dark pecan pie served with pistachio cream. A superb ending to sublime evening, one that finished only when most guests gathered in the downstairs gift shop to collect some items to take back as mementos of the magnificent meal.As we drove back home through the dark back roads of the Santa Cruz Mountains, Pescadero faded away into the distance, but our memory banks were as full as our stomachs. Well done, indeed!
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2009,7/29/2010,197,78,5,6,7>This has become my go to Sushi restaurant. I frequent Higuma at least once a week.1st. Fresh seafood, and always a great selection.2nd. Service is friendly, efficient and the big plus they pay attention to you.3rd. Fun and easy to have a great meal.4th. Did I say fresh seafood? 5th. Cutest waitress in the Bay Area.6th. I love the place.Hard to find but once you do I am sure you will not forget. Oh double plus plus is the baseball games are always on.
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2010,7/28/2010,637,255,10,10,9>I am a full-blown carnivore. I LOVE MEATBEEF! And this is the place that satisfies those cravings again and again and again. I'll splurge on the rodizio prix-fixe on special occasions such as my birthday last year. However, my favorite here is the happy hour at the bar. I know, here I go again with my happy hour, but who can beat $5 amazing tequila and cachaça cocktails ranging from spicy over citrusy to sweet?!Happy hour food displayed on the bar menu is 50% off until 7pm. They have an amazing meat platter that consists of 5 different meats (chicken, turkey, beef, pork, etc.) and grilled pineapple along with rice. You get two cuts of each kind of meat, so it's a big carnivorous mess that can be shared among two people along with an appetizer. Here is the kicker: this plate usually costs $28, but during happy hour it's only $14. Needless to say, my boyfriend and I eat a ton of meet here, get crazy drunk on tequila (him) and cachaça (me), watch some sports on the bar TVs and go home stuffed and sleepy.
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2010,7/27/2010,130,243,4,12,9>We are in the middle of prepping our house for sale, and one of the biggest headaches in making that work is finding people you can trust to do a great job.  Carpet cleaning is just one of those things:  we have used many carpet cleaners before, and none of them has ever super-impressed us.Thanks is good part to reviews on Yelp, we asked them to come get the house all set.  The office people were very professional about scheduling, and they accommodated a couple of schedule changes that were demanded by our staging person.  The cleaner was on time, diligent, and very careful with our belongings.  The cleaning was very thorough - he did not miss a thing.I will not knock any of the other carpet cleaning companies, but I will say that Above The Rest is aptly named, and I would definitely recommend them as well.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2010,7/26/2010,249,513,4,8,8>there's a new favorite in town. snow crab omelette with special sauce over soy flavored ramen (in soup). i didn't even need to add the extra fried garlic and chilli pepper toppings. it was fabulous as is.the omelette was as wide as a pancake and tops the noodles like a floatie donut (without the hole) floating on a pool of ramen. the edges are fried to a crisp and the entire omelette is filled with snow crab, sweet carrots, and green onions. the special sauce makes the broth thick and savory. SO TASTY!and i thought nothing could top their snow crab fried rice...
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2009,7/25/2010,656,1338,5,6,6>We had dinner here with family a few weekends ago, and really enjoyed it. The owner is very friendly, and after finding out my grandma-in-law was from Hawaii, (as is he) he spent some time chatting with her, (and the rest of us.) He seems very intent on pleasing his customers, and even changing things to do so. (He informed us a new menu was coming out the following week.) When we first arrived the place was pretty empty, but as it filled up it seemed they could have used one more server. There were two people doing the seating,taking orders, and bringing the food out. It is nice to see an owner that is so hands one. I had a grilled chicken sandwich. It was the special and was described as "lemongrass chicken." Honestly, it didn't have much lemongrass flavor, but it was still good. I enjoyed the sweet potato fries, and appreciated they were not at all greasy,and I was actually given a normal sized serving. They aren't the best I've ever had, but I liked them and would order them again. I have a feeling we'll be back:)
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,7/24/2010,674,366,12,14,12>Remember that salivating feeling you get from the smell of fried garlic? That feeling you get that starts from the scent which goes all the way through your mouth and you end up smacking and wetting your lips with your tongue in anticipation of fried garlicky goodness?Beef Salpicao, Crab Garlic Butter Rice, Sisig with fried egg, Siracha Chicken Wings...Are you getting that feeling now?  Brown fried cubes of beef topped with deep fried onions, crab bits mixed in with fried rice, minced pork mixed with a raw egg on a hot plate, glistening glazed chicken wings....Oh yes they do taste as good as they sound. Beef Salpicao - filet mignon cubes , cooked in garlic and topped with onions. Sisig - this is pretty much the leanest pork sisig I ever had. Immediately mix the egg they put in as soon as you get it.Crab Rice - good enough for 2 people. Yes there's crab meat mixed in. Usually other restaurants mince the crab meat to the point that you can't even tell but here they have the crab meat in picked sizes.There are still some dishes I haven't tried like the bone marrow, chicharones and shaking beef.  The menu does change a little so you may see more dishes get listed probably depending on the season.There's a small assortment of interesting cocktails there which have an Asian feel too which I didnt get to try as well as a Sake list.There's a happy hour which happens downstairs. If you are coming with a big group, might be best to call so they can set you up. A party of 3-4 can just come in any time.
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2010,7/23/2010,711,1139,14,19,17>Finally! Some really good Indian food on the peninsula! I've had my eye on this place ever since it opened about a month ago. They are still working out kinks since the food took a little bit longer to come out and there was a mix up with our order BUT! the flavors and spice were all there. They even use halal meat for non-veg dishes. Definetely Indian food for the Indian palette. Inside, I'd describe it like an Indian bistro with photos of India and colorful artwork lining the walls. The Friday night dinner crowd trickled in slowly but then filled up quickly with Indian families.   (yelp.com/biz_photos/ev2C)They specialize in Gurjati cuisine which is Northern and vegetarian so they have all sorts of dal's, chaats, papads, etc I don't typically see in Indo/Paki restaurants. The naan is on the light and crispy side. The chicken tikka masala. WOW! It's like I had chicken tikka masala for the first time again. It had that addicting intense depth of flavor and spice. I could really taste the smokiness of the tender tandoor'd chicken. Definitely did not dissapoint and absolutely one of, if not the best Chicken tikka masala I've had at any restaurant. What's even cooler? The CTM didin't even have that oil slick on top (Shalimar). (yelp.com/biz_photos/ev2C)Try the Bengali fish curry. Tons of flavor and spice but not spicy. It was a little different since it wasn't cream based but the fish, tilapia, literally melt in my mouth. If' you're not too familiar with chaats, order the batati poori since it tastes like Taco Bell's nachos supreme. (yelp.com/biz_photos/ev2C)If there's a wait, there's a Kumud grocery next door. (yelp.com/biz_photos/N6iT)Please come again? Yes, we will.
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2009,7/22/2010,386,185,32,25,29>Life is full of surprises. And no two days are the same. This is true even in the case of a goldfish living in a glass bowl. Said goldfish may be limited to a confined space - but the world outside is in constant motion. Everything from the placement of the dust particles which are optically elusive to the naked eye, to the dissolving fishy feces on the base of the bowl, are changing. Changing I tell you. Life is full of change. What does this have to do with Natalie Salon you may ask. Change, that is what. Natalie Salon is the location of my own personal change - or evolution if you will. It was Saturday, December 12, 2009 - a day that will live in infamy. Rain was in the forecast, and my very perniciously sweet girlfriend commented that my feet were coarse and "scaly". I had no clue that scales could grow and manifest on human feet. She also mentioned that my cuticles could use a trim, and that we could go in for a pedicure since the weather outside was frightful, and dipping, hot stoning, clipping, cutting, pumicing, and massaging da feet would be oh so delightful. After much thought and dissent, I concurred.Now I'm a man. I grew up working on a farm carrying heavy objects. I also played football and did abundant amount of chest bumping with other men. I love hot rods, oil cans, and the fulfilling feeling of appeasement after a hard day worked. My hands are calloused from a life of blue collar labor; and my back is beginning to act up, though I'll blame that on my old age. Nonetheless, the idea of another human finagling with my feet seemed quite contrary to my fundamentals. But life is always changing, and I am not indifferent.Massaging Chair +1Hot towels on feet +1Descaled heels +1Hot stone run across bottom of my tootsies +1Foot and calf massage +1Yes, my pedicure cherry has been popped. And as emasculating as the process was, frankly I do not care. My tootsies were in heaven, and what's good for my tootsies is good for me. Will I ever step into the realm of the manicure? Probably not. An alpha male man such as myself must maintain some degree of self respect - there are boundaries. But the pedicure is good - real good. And I will return, because change is good for all of us.
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2011,12/18/2011,35,247,4,8,7>Fun! Good variety of food trucks with a lot of savory eats. These were the available trucks:- TikkaBytes- Butterscotch On The Go- MoBowl- Iz-It Grill- Chairman Bao- The Shack Mobile- BBQ Kalbi- House of Siam on WheelsWe tried several different items from a variety of the trucks:- spicy pork taco (BBQ Kalbi)- 2 steamed buns: chicken and braised pork (Chairman Bao)- naan sandwich (TikkaBytes)- pulled pork sandwich (The Shack Mobile)- butterscotch pudding (Butterscotch On The Go)Everything was great! Favorites included: chicken steamed bun, pulled pork sandwich (make sure to pour on the bbq sauce and coleslaw), and the butterscotch pudding.We will go back!
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2011,12/17/2011,189,103,3,8,4>Ok - so about 2 years ago I wrote a one-star review for the worst tanning experience I've had in life. It was hilarious and sad, and unexpectedly closed, running away with my money (for the full funny story, check out the review: yelp.com/biz/euro-tan-su) Anyways, in some weird twist of fate, Bronze Tanning moved in. And it is AWESOME. They were so nice about compensating me for the previous tanning places' mistakes when I mentioned the former owner had run off with my cash (even though it wasn't their fault at all). The girls that work there are super nice and friendly, the place is clean, the owner is extremely friendly with a cool dog, the services are great, lots of variety. . . If you check it out, you just have to remember - it's not a Bay Area tanning place without the Bay Area price tag. $35 for a high-pressure tan or spray tan (lower for the reg tan and the price drops with packages. ) But with that price tag comes quality. More than any place I've been to, I feel like I get what I pay for with amazing service, great beds, and little touches like warm/cold towels, hair ties, baby wipes, water bottles, etc on the house. And honestly, I can't find anywhere else comparable to tan in the area. Really - I think this might be the best place - it's great.
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,12/16/2011,56,302,5,9,5>Beautiful park with a large duck/koi pond, ample grassy area to run around and a small play area (with well-maintained structure) for kids.  The path around the pond is perfect for trikes, scooters or a brisk walk, and the park's tucked-away location (in the back of the Sharon Heights neighborhood) ensures tranquility.  There is lots of parking around the circle or on the street (though I've never seen the lot even close to full except when folks do their wedding photos here).  Good shade over the play structure in the peak hours (unlike in nearby Stanford Hills, which I still love).NB:  Menlo Park cleans its ponds frequently.  When the ducks/fish aren't here due to cleaning, it's a good bet you can find them in the pond near the library.
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2011,12/14/2011,71,219,5,7,6>Refined food, great ambiance. New favorite brunch place! May even kick it up to 5 stars after our next visit after I try a few more items.Good tea, which is sometimes hard to find at brunch. The yogurt parfait had wonderfully sweet fruits and layers of yogurt and granola. The breakfast potatoes were fresh and flavorful. Everybody's meal looked inviting, and the outdoor patio was lovely.Highly recommended!
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2011,12/13/2011,103,78,11,15,15>We were looking for a light lunch place and this restaurant looked and smelled good from the outside.We were not disappointed. The onion and bisque soups were tastefully and skillfully made, as were the vegetarian sandwich and the lamb hamburger. The option of having good draught beer or wine by the glass was also appreciated.
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2011,12/12/2011,160,319,9,10,13>This place holds a dear place in my heart. After sampling dozens of pho place in LA (ok, not dozens) this place is solid. The pho broth is flavorful and the rare steak is good quality. I also like their imperial rolls which come with lots of lettuce, pickled radish, cilantro and rice noodles. My family and I have been going here for the last 11 years and the quality has stayed the same. Good comfort food!
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2011,12/11/2011,1018,130,8,13,12>My truck has never looked better and i have this car wash to thank for that.i grab my spare change jar and sort all the quarters out before i go.i spend $3 for the washing stage then another $3 for the rinse.I usually bring a friend so they can operate the gun while i use my hand mitt or scrub brush on the wheels.Not a once have i used the vacuums because i just take it back to my place for that.This car wash is nice and i am glad it recycles the water.Close to the freeway so you go fast to blow dry the vehicle!!:)
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2011,12/10/2011,1509,3598,6,17,10>probably a 3.5-4 when you're searching for healthy. this would be the place to go.  love the concept -- all food is less than 600 calories, thus you can just pick what sounds good, and the variety is great.  things can be made vegan or gluten free.  of course, great location for this type of restaurant's market (thanks to their CEO pedigree).  i wish all restaurants could post their calories, but then all the menus might be the 50-90g for fat and the 2000s mg for sodium like Cheesecake Factory and PF Chang.  big name on the menu (Art Smith), so I suppose this is the type of food Oprah ate. (also Tal Ronnen)now for the taste (most importantly).  even if it wasn't marketed as a healthy restaurant, you can tell the food is made healthy.  less oil, not as much flavor, but pretty good for the limitations the chefs are working with.  and if you ate this type of food all the time, you probably wouldn't be expecting all that butter and other ingredients that make tasty food unhealthy anyway.  so it would be hard to eat here all the time but for healthy meals, i would come.  wonder if the menu will rotate.tried: *Art's unfried chicken with roasted winter squash, brussels sprouts, dried cranberries, and dijon vinaigrette.  chicken was breaded to still give it an outer coating instead of just grilled.  when was the last time you had brussels sprouts without bacon?also had: *grilled barramundi with edamame, napa cabbage, baby spinach, roasted mushrooms, and scallions in a spicy vegetable broth.  flavor doesn't lean toward any type of cuisine, but just a little healthy.compared to usual healthy food, this stuff is good, and I think the prices are very reasonable.  organic, sustainable, good for you; it is our future.interior setup very nice, service for a grand opening was good.
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2011,12/9/2011,293,735,6,8,8>You remember that scene in (500) Days of Summer where Joseph Gordon-Levitt walks around and is having the best day EVER? The scene with the dance sequence to Hall and Oates "You Make My Dreams Come True" and the little birds from Cinderella?No? Watch this video: youtube.com/watch?v=8tJo Courthouse Square reminds me of that scene. At night, there are little lights everywhere and it's pretty romantic.Love the music in the park and movies during the summertime!
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2011,12/8/2011,131,459,7,9,10>I'm generally skeptical of hyped purveyors of food but Curry Up Now was probably the best truck I hit up at the recent Moveable Feast event in San Mateo. They churn out excellent meals, and it's exactly the type of food that you want from a food truck: food that's easy to eat, with earthy/spicy/bold flavors that tempt you to eat a little too quickly, and a hearty, stick-your-ribs feel.I could live off good samosas so there was little chance CUN's deconstructed samosa ($6) would have failed to please me, but they were an absolute hit: One large samosa served "open-face" (read: cut open) and filled with curried ceci, chopped tomato and onion for freshness, tamarind and cilantro chutneys, your choice of paneer/meat, and twee little mini-samosas for crunch. It's absolutely a riotous, perfect blend of flavors, with just enough spice to keep you interested without needing to reach for the water. The aloo tikki was also wonderful, but it was topped with the same ingredients as the deconstructed samosa so aside from some textural differences they tasted almost exactly the same; if you tried one you pretty much know what the other tastes like.Judging from older reviews it seems like prices have gone up, but for the portions and quality it's definitely fair rates. I'll definitely be keeping an eye out for this truck during my travels, whether I'm hungry or not!
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,10/17/2011,403,410,8,11,7>FRED'S STEAK.I was running some errands at Stanford Mall when it dawned on me... I was to dine with a lovely gentleman for dinner in a few hours and rather than go out, we could dine IN for some FRED'S STEAK.  Schaub's was just around the corner to my last stop (Williams-Sonoma), and I could pop in and buy (for the first time) some delicious easy-to-cook steak that everyone on Yelp raves about!  I felt like a GENIUS.At $14.99/lb, this marinated beast is a steal.  You should definitely go for the ~2 lb cut of sirloin (cost me ~$33).  Not a big steak eater (but definitely get meat cravings) so I wasn't sure how many this 2.25lb piece would feed.  Asked the butcher and he said it could feed 2 people comfortably with a little leftover.  LIES.  The gentleman and I shared about half and were super full... but leftovers make delicious steak sandwiches the next day.  The 2 lb-er is definitely enough to feed 4 people for dinner with some sides.  (I accompanied my steak with caramelized onions with green beans and simple salad of greens with heirloom tomatoes.)  $33 delicious steak for 4 people?  I feel like that's robbery!  But don't raise the prices, please!After I puchased the beast, I called up my gentleman and asked him how he felt about having steak (not just any steak, but FRED'S famous steak) for dinner in.  "Hell yes" was the reply.  Hell yes.The meat is flavorful, but not in the way I would have imagined.  I travel to Japan quite a lot and meat is always super flavorful in Japan.  The fish, the pork, the beef, the chicken... there are natural meat flavors presented and prepared to accentuate each specific animal's natural taste.  I expected this slab to be super beefy... but instead it was actually a FLAVOR in addition to the natural beefyness.  I will note that I did cook it for 45 minutes at 375 like the instructions said, but I would actually recommend cooking for less (35-40 mins?).  The meat came out a bit too medium/medium-well at the ends and I would've preferred a pinker meat.  The center cut of it was delicious since it  was thicker, but the shorter and thinner ends were a bit salty (understandably) comparatively due to the nature of the marinate.  All in all, a delicious and simple success nevertheless.It truly is delicious and the flavor is something to be tried.  The dark outside is definitely beastly and intimidating, but the crust that comes about and succulent moist savory flavor that the meat retains is something that is indescribable.  I've never had a marinated steak quite like this and I doubt you will either.A couple hours after posting on my Facebook that I was eating Fred's steak, I get an email from a coworker with the subject "Me too!" with a photo of a full slab of Fred's on his grill.  FUN.  I guess we were both having the same Saturday meat craving.
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2011,10/15/2011,141,130,2,6,3>I came here for Happy Hour (4-6pm) today and ordered the following.Cocktail -Lavender Side Car: tasty flavorful drink and a good deal at $5 (50% off during happy hour)Appetizers-Porkbelly: YUM! This was my favorite. The grits, sauce, pears and green that come with this add really great complimentary flavor to the salty/soft porkbelly.-Goat Cheese Souflee: It was tasty but small and not as wonderful as I imagined it to be. I wouldn't get it again.-Bacon Wrapped Stuffed Dates: I liked the way the bacon complimented the sweetness of the dates. However, at the end of the day, dates are not the best. Bacon wrapped figs would be better!Main-Butternut Squash/Pancetta/Blue Cheese Pizza: MMM! This was some tasty pizza. I'll definitely get this again. You really can't go wrong with Pancetta and Blue Cheese. The service was very amiable. We had a bunch of different waiters help us out (we were sitting in the bar area) but every gentleman was cordial and very helpful.I'll be back for this happy hour again, surely. We purchased 2 cocktails, 3 apps, and the pizza and our bill was ~$32. Great happy hour value. Nomnom :o)
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2011,10/14/2011,98,385,5,6,7>Okay, okay, after three treated lunches here by my boss, I must write a review. For as upscale and classy a place as this, I'm always surprised there are some affordable menu items.Today, for instance, I ordered a spicy #1 ahi tuna roll, served on a decoratively rectangular china plate.  Quite delectable it was, with a strip of wasabi lining the plate, and served with chopsticks.  I also had a nicely spiced side order of fries, which also satisfied my taste buds.With a variety that includes sushi and fries, you can guess that their style of food meets a wide range.  Many steak and seafood dishes, for certain.  And wine!My sushi roll was only a "starter" dish, but at $8.95, I was happy it was so large.  There are many dishes that pricewise can easily reach well into the double-digits, but if you're cautious, you can have your fun and eat it, too!
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2011,10/13/2011,809,645,10,13,11>This buffet is large, sprawling over an area that will take you a good 20 minutes to explore.  The food is fresh and hasn't been sitting on the racks for hours like some other seafood buffets.  The servers are pretty good considering they don't have much to do but bring you drinks and condiments.  They've always been nice and keep my water and tea full.  I'd order wine, but their wine selection is pretty meager and their tea pretty good.  It's located in the Bridgepoint Shopping Center which means you have lots of fun options before or after food.  Target, Toys'r'Us, Petco, Bed Bath Beyond, etc.  Or if you're looking for a drink there's BJ's, Red Robin or Mimi's.Overall, Hokkaido is a bit pricey, but the food is fresh with a large selection.  Have drinks someplace else though, because alcohol is not tops on its menu.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2011,10/12/2011,139,177,6,7,7>Service can mean a lot of things, from a friendly hello to going above and beyond the call of duty.  And sometimes, even jaded Yelpers like me get a nice surprise.When shopping for two, count 'em, TWO new bikes, we headed here.  Tyler, the guy who helped us out, spent well over an hour helping  us pick out our new rides.  First my wife's demands-something comfy, with a soft seat, and in red, oh and mud guards too, please, but not ugly ones.  Then mine-something I could ride in my first triathlon, and maybe use for commuting, and if I liked the triathlon maybe do some more long distance rides...the poor guy pulled at least 8 different bikes down for me to try, switching out pedals and hunting for different frame sizes.We ran into a snag with the missus's wheels, as they don't stock fenders that would fit both the tires and the bike frame.  Tyler came up with a clever solution that worked for our budget and still let my wife have her red bike.  I bought a lot of accessories, and this is important: I never felt an upsell push like I have at other shops.  Tyler paid attention to the budget I told him I was working with, and repeatedly mentioned that since I was doing a basic sprint distance triathlon, the low end gear would be more than enough.  They even waived the labor charges to mount fenders, computers, and lights on the bikes.The one area that I think needs to be improved is the sale rack.  I get that there's never going to be a bunch of cheap AND cool stuff on the close-out rack, but it seemed that the prices stayed pretty high and the selection was meh.Bottom Line: This'll be my bike HQ until sanity returns and I realize I'm not really a cyclist.
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2011,10/11/2011,206,213,8,9,9>Chocolate Bacon Marble, Mochanilla, Rose, Cilantro Lemon, Raisin Moscato, Taro, Sesame....these are just a few of the unique flavors that Sweet Orchids has to offer.  The owner makes each flavor herself and she only makes small batches to ensure quality and freshness.  Let me tell you, each flavor is creamy, unique and definitely fresh!  The decor of this place is simple and cute.  Customer service is suberb!  Honestly, I walked in here with my friend with the intent to "check out" the place but not get anything.  They've only been open for 5 weeks.  The girls behind the counter truly persuaded us to try some of the flavors and I ALMOST tried all 18 flavors.  Not because I was being cheap and trying to taste for free but they kept insisting we try each flavor.  The mango flavored ice cream tasted like fresh, sweet mangos.  It was amazing!  I had to try the Chocolate Bacon Marble of course, after all...it's bacon.  It was salty and sweet with little chunks of bacon in the ice cream.  It was good and if you ever wanted ice cream for breakfast, this is the flavor to get.  It's $3.75 for a single scoop but for a buck more, you get double scoops so you can try 2 flavors.  Definitely the better deal.  I ended up getting a single scoop of the Sesame flavor with a waffle cone.  It was creamilicious!  I'm going to eat at Cha Cha Cha's right next door tonight and I know I'll be stopping by Sweet Orchids for ICE CREAM!!!
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/8/2011,10/10/2011,267,761,6,8,7>I always thought this was another extension of CA Cafe. My friend wanted to try this place and I said why not?! You walk in and order at the counter. Their chalkboard menu was a little hard to decipher. I couldn't really tell what was a sandwich or entree or salad. I went with the Tootsie Burger and my friend got the Pollone. Then take your number and go sit down. The food comes pretty quickly. I don't like olives and there were olives mixed in my burger patty. I didn't taste it! There was a strong taste from the rosemary. Very delicious and quality meat was used for the meat patty. I was a little bummed there weren't tomatoes or pickles. The Pollone was so-so. The chicken was still tender and juicy, but the sandwich tasted dry overall. It could've used some pepper or mayo. The shoestring fries tasted just like their homemade chips. I'm not a fan. Seems like brunch would be better.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2011,10/9/2011,58,87,7,10,7>Hubby decided to treat me to a nice lunch and Baume once again, delivered! and delivered well!  We continue to be fans - in fact, I must say the food I had this time around was better than when we visited last time.  Service was good - but as expected in any fancy restaurant - with some minor changes (more on this later).  Finally, the dim lighting that would make anyone look fabulous was exactly as I remember.  So I would say, the ambiance is totally made for dates and special occasions.   Though when we were there, there were a few tables of people who were dining with their work friends - I guess sometimes, you just like hanging out with your colleagues that much :) In my last review, I evaluated my experienced based on three criteria and here's what I found memorable this time around:(1) Creativity (5 stars):  This was a memorable dining experience and creativity was part of it.  What I loved are the finger napkin that they hydrate at your table side - literally, they bring out this thing that's like the size of a nickel and then pour hot water on it - it was gimmicky but I loved it!  Then of course, all the different combination of flavors and interesting chemistry that was done on them.  However, what was different this time around was the lack of chemistry explanation (see service description)(2) Ambiance/Service (4 stars):  OK - the service was good, it was attentive and professional.  However, I must say as a nerd, I really missed the professorial lectures by the waiters on the chemistry that was done on the good - I need them to tell me all about liquid nitrogen, carb bonding.  I miss that and I hope they bring back the science.  (3) Taste of food (4 stars):  We had the 8-course tasting menu and would say 80% of the dishes were great and the other 20% just ok. The meal started off with this airy broccoli bread which was nice and fluffy.  The breadbasket was just ok - walnut bread and baguett, not very memorable.  Course 1: Asparagus topped with salmon roe with leek ashes - the leek ash had a very intense flavor and was very unique.  The warm asparagus with the cold salmon roe was a great combination - with the roe bursting in your mouth.  Course 2: Next up was their signature dish - the 62 degree egg, it was awesome and one of my favorite dishes there.  The googy egg yolk overflowing from the center.  Course 3: Foie gra with strawberry foam and roasted almond - loved that the foie gra was diced into small cubes and then seared, so there's a more surface area that was seared - and the combination with the sweet strawberry foan and almond flakes, perfect.  Definitely my favorite. Course 4: Vegetable soup prepared at table side - they pour the soup into your bowl at the table - prior to this, they had put these dehydrated looking vegetables into the soup pot - it reminded me of dehydrated vegetables that you get from ramen pack.  The soup was just ok - for me, this was the bottom 20%. Course 5: Halibut with olive -- the fish was ok but not memorable.  The olive tapenade was a bit too salty for my taste. Course 6:  Filet mignon for hubby and I had the lamb -- hubby really enjoyed the dish especially with the red wine reduction.  My lamb was encrusted with this herbs, it was good - a bit too raw for me but I thought it was tender and very well done (and I normally don't care for lamb)Course 7: Cheese course - miniature cheese - it was gone in two bites - I wish they gave you more - but it was ok, not very memorable.Course 8:  Dessert!! Two items - the berries, mixed with ice cream, mixed with some sort of nitrogen treatment with a hot berry sauce - it was just perfection.  Definitely one of the most delicious desserts I have ever had in my life.  Then there's the chocolate tart with gold leave and a small ball of ice cream - it was good but definitely not in the same awesomeness level as the berry dessert. I also had a yuzu lemonade, it was ok - not memorable.  Overall - definitely an excellent dining experience and would absolutely go back!
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2011,10/8/2011,751,680,15,22,19>This is one of my favorite markets in San Mateo. As previous reviewers mentioned in their reviews, it's a family-run business, currently run by the 3rd generation in business for over 100 years. The late Congressman Tom Lantos recognized this business when addressing Congress (Google or search "Takahashi Market Tom Lantos", and look for "CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF TAKAHASHI MARKET ")I've shopped by here many times for grocery shopping, and to pick up some Hawaiian snacks and frozen food. This past summer, my daughters' cheer gym had a cheer camp during the week, and we signed up to bring in some food for one of their lunches. We were looking for something that can be eaten by hand, and something the girls can snack on during the day. Spam musubi came to mind. We tried Ray's Hawaiian up along West Hillsdale Ave., and of course, L and L on 3rd Ave. Both good, but we wanted to try some place different. Takahashi Market came to mind, so we gave them a try. They use large sheets of nori to make their musubi, then they cut them up to 7 pieces. The spam is pan fried, then sprinkled with furikake to give it an extra saltiness. This works well with the plain taste of the rice. Originally we placed and order for 50 logs, but the kitchen told us that 25 logs should be plenty, especially if other people are bringing other trays of food for lunch. Sure enough it was plenty, and everyone loved it. They have a pretty good take out selection for their hot food. We tried: -Portuguese Sausage Musubi: Like the spam musubi, but instead of spam, Portuguese sausage was used. These are make to order. I love it how the juices of the sausage mixes with the rice and nori with each bite. -Korean Wings: fried wings coated in a spicy chili and sweet sauce, then sprinkled with sesame seeds. Very tasty as well, not really spicy, but enough of a kick. -Portuguese Fried Rice: For a dollar extra, a fried egg can be added to the rice. Yum! Other interesting items on their menu, such as Kalua Pork nachos, Kalua Pork Quesadillas, and flank steak kalbi, which I will have to try next time. Really friendly people who work here. Love this local market.
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,10/7/2011,137,251,5,7,7>Lots of room, clean sand, clean water, great weather...what else can you ask for? When you realize that the only options in the Bay are Ocean Beach (bleck!!) and this, you'll definitely appreciate HMB. If you feel it's packed, you just need to walk further down and it's just as nice where you can sprawl out your things and chill. We had a nice picnic, people watched, we all brought books and read until we started burning, and played some frisbee. It was the perfect getaway not too far from home. No need to pay for parking. Just park at the residential areas just a 2 minute walk away. Climb down the slope or challenge yourself and climb down the rocks to get to the beach. Thanks, Francis!
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,1/11/2014,86,56,10,10,11>Nothing makes a parent happier than seeing their child's eyes light up at the lavish amount of Christmas lights. Throughout the days counting down the day of Christmas, my almost 3 year old daughter would get so excited at every (and I mean every) Christmas decor/lights/trees she sees (even the plain and boring ones). We decided to surprise her by bringing her to Christmas Tree Lane. She had no idea what we had in store for her.Christmas Tree Lane had been bookmarked since last Winter 2012 but we never had a chance to visit. So on Christmas Day of 2013, we decided it was the perfect time to go. This community event is beautiful! Almost every home on the block is decorated with lights, decorations, mini christmas trees, ornaments, characters, you name it! There was always something that caught our eyes. My daughter's eyes lit up with amazement and awe! Let's not forget some of the cute things she said during our visit:"Look mama! It's Santa! Santa is scary.""Ooh snowflakes!""I wanna take a picture with the presents""The Grinch is scary""A bow! It's beautiful"I recommend everyone visit around the holidays! You won't be disappointed.
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,1/10/2014,153,133,7,11,7>Yes; Draeger's is more expensive than the chain super markets but in this case I feel you get what you pay for.The quality of their fresh goods (Meat, Seafood, Deli and Produce) is un-matched. The selection of high end dry and packaged products is awesome. Local producers are reperesented extremely well; I just found an amazing 100% natural honey produced righ in Los Altos Hills.The personal attention you receive from the employees is so special; always a genuine smile and genuine interest in your needs. Not sure what you want to grill for dinner; ask the butcher what's good...trust me they know because they are actually cutting the meat right in front of you. Pork Chop not thick enough for you; ask and they will hand slice a thicker one right then.All of these great qualities while still maintaining the "Home Town" feel = 5 Stars.Tip: If you frequently visit Draeger's; sign up on thier website and get tons of deals emailed to you.Cheers!
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2013,1/9/2014,93,292,3,6,4>Oh! Oh, yummmmmm! Our cheat night dinner was here thanks to....(everybody now...), "YELP!" That's right folks! Thanks to your reviews my husband and I gave it and went to Pronto for din-din on a Saturday night.We ordered a small prosciutto with garlic pizza and it was delicious! When you want pizza that's not from a chain restaurant, do yourself a flavor and order from Pronto. They have a variety of non-standard and standard pizzas to choose from. We liked the crispy crust and the garlic sauce on our pizza. The prosciutto was also yummy.Service was on point. There aren't really any waiters (you order at the counter as you come in), but one of the employees made sure we had straws and napkins and came from behind the counter to refill our water glasses when we were running low. There was another couple dining at the same time as us and they didn't have pizza; they ordered some delicious looking Italian dinner. So you can have pizza or an entree at Pronto.Pronto, you're the best-o! We'll be back!
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2013,1/8/2014,64,147,2,13,3>When I go out for Indian, I usually prefer buffets because I tend to eat a lot.  Broadway Masala doesn't have a buffet, but the food portions are generous and incredibly delicious.We started with an order of Cajun Chicken Tikka, which consisted of at least a full big chicken breast cut into cubes.  Very tasty.  My wife had the stuffed naan, which she loved.  For our main courses, I went with the Truffle Oil Chicken Tikka.  I'm not terribly knowledgable about Indian food so I was assuming that the cajun chicken tikka or the truffle oil chicken tikka would come in a sauce, but they don't.  However, the flavor is incredible!  And did I mention generous portions?  I couldn't finish mine but I'm already looking forward to finishing it off later tonight.  My wife went with the Bacon Wrapped Tandoori Shrimps which was also very flavorful, and consisted of at least 7 or so large prawns.The service was polite and attentive, and there was a nice incense sent in the air.  We will certainly be back!
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,1/7/2014,9,11,,10,8>I have used this taxi service a couple of times over the last year or so.  I have found this to be a very good, affordable and reliable service.  Contrary to the name, I was surprised to see a town car pick me up.  The driver arrived exactly at the time I had requested to be picked up, which was thankful since I had an early morning flight and really needed the time to get ready.  The car was clean both on the inside and outside. I'd recommend this car service for anyone wanting to go to the airport. They also have a service where they can pick you up at the airport - just text them details of your flight and they will be there to pick you up at baggage claim. Much more affordable than waiting for the airport taxis who charge you an arm and a leg!
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2013,1/6/2014,249,96,19,19,20>Consistently the best Mediterranean food in Mountain View.  Lamb chop specials were quite good, same for the lamb moussaka. Excellent portions, reasonable prices. A very nice bottle of white wine was recommended ($25) and paired well with the food. Beer selection is Med-focused, including a Russian Baltika #9 that's rarely seen in these parts, just $6.50. Appetizer, dinner, wine and beer for less than $40/person, including tip. I like!
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,1/5/2014,852,371,5,11,8>Stopped by for dinner on a weekday evening. It's been open for a while... but were weren't eager to try it after seeing all the so-so Yelp reviews from the start. Looks like some minor issues were ironed out! Restaurant has a brighter look, higher ceilings compared to Alexander's in Cupertino. We knew this was all about seafood, so we were prepared to NOT eat our favorite meats, but our favorite seafood! - Hamachi Shots - Same as the other locations. - Grilled Lobster - DELICIOUS. Sauce was perfect. - Truffle Fries - as always, good! Desserts- Pandora - your typical chocolate mousse. A-ok. - Soufflé. They're own variation - different from the one in Cupertino as I remember. Highly recommend this one!- Of course, cotton candy at the end as always.And the executive chef is Chinese! (Wooo!). Overall, excellent dining experience. Can't really compare to other Alexander's because you're here for seafood, not steaks. Service is superb and we really enjoyed our dinner here.--PHOTOS:yelp.com/biz_photos/the-yelp.com/biz_photos/the-yelp.com/biz_photos/the-
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2013,1/4/2014,35,108,2,4,3>Indo is amazing! Food/drinks are consistently on point, portions are generous and  service is great. If you're looking for a solid happy hour spot, Indo is the place to go. Happy Hour goes until 8 pm and you'll of course be very well taken care of.What I've Tried:Chicken Pad Thai- super flavorful and filled with chicken and tofuChicken Satay- good and comes with a yummy peanut sauceCalamari- cooked perfectly, both the aioli and cocktail sauce were greatTuna Tartare- perfect combo of fresh tuna on top of crispsSamosas- perfectly crisp with a yummy sauceDrinks are also amazingly yummy. Evan the bartender told me they make the fruit syrups for drinks in house! I also love the seasonal menu.I will of course be back and can't wait to try more off the menu.
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2013,1/3/2014,220,362,3,4,6>After being completely underwhelmed by a number of new Thai restaurants in the area, I wasn't expecting much when we came to Buri Tara, and that was initially validated by the lack of customers eating on a Sunday at noon.  But after the food came out, I began to change my mind.  Everything we had (pad see ew, green curry, and praram) tasted fresh and delicious.  Portion sizes were good - I hate digging into a bowl of curry only to find out it is 80% sauce and veggies - this was the first time I actually had to leave meat behind.  They were offering free thai hot tea, which was yummy and appreciated on this cool winter day.  By the end of our meal, the small restaurant had filled up, so I guess others know about the good eats too!It would be nice if they had better lunch combos - they currently offer lunch entrees that just come with rice, whereas other restaurants offer soup/salad, or two item choices.  But the portions and prices are fair (most dishes under $10) so I do not feel like I'm being gypped at all.  I'll be back!
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,1/2/2014,67,19,8,13,9>Apartment hunting for the weekend two years ago, I had an efficient back-to-back schedule lined up, with HPA as the first stop. As my sister and I stood on the bay-view balcony of this apartment she looked me in the eye and said, "you're not going to find anything better than this." I should have listened, signed the lease, and spent the long, stressful weekend at the spa instead. Fortunately, you can learn from my lesson and book your spa appointment now. My fiance and I have lived here for two years and the only place we ever think of moving to is a bigger unit. HPA's amenities and staff make you spoiled and at home. My favorite thing? Probably the garbage chute and the tie rack in the walk-in closet. That is, until the first Christmas and Easter rolled around and there were See's Santas and bunnies on the door! Be still my heart, they've given us chocolate.Value: We've lived here through tons of upgrades and they just keep doing more. New lobby, new elevators (they even paid us while they were in maintenance even though one still worked), steam cleaned carpets in our apartment, free swag upon move-in, new laundry room, new garage doors, and now a new pool deck! It just keeps getting better. Our rent has only had a reasonable 10% increase in 2 years that still left us with a highly competitive rate.Staff: The staff is the kind that makes me want to bust out the cookie recipes during the holidays. Residents regularly deliver them flowers. They'll do everything for you from receiving packages to fixing curtain rods to unclogging drains you shoved too many coffee grounds down. I've never heard of such a staffed apartment! There are at least two live-in managers and subs (shout out to Priscilla!), security guards, parking attendants (shout out to Athan!) maintenance guys (shout out to Eric!), painters (shout out to Pepe!), carpet cleaners, custodians, and plumbers. You definitely get your problems solved immediately and get your money's worth.Amenities: I use the gym and pool all the time, which are always quiet which feels like I'm Lara Croft living in a secret mansion with a private gym and pool right in the middle of downtown. Parking is super cheap, less than $50 a month per car, and there's free unlimited guest parking and parking for your rental cars. I always use the little lending library in the basement and the bike parking in the garage. Plus, free heat, electricity and water? That's just cray cray!Neighbors: We have an annual summer picnic and the neighbors are friendly as a rule. Living here is like being in a little Mister Rogers neighborhood of locals. Instead of driveway moments we have elevator moments. I've never heard noise from neighbors with our nice thick cement walls and no one complains when I use poppers and noisemakers off the balcony on New Year's (from where you can see fireworks, of course).Location: Can you say foodie central? How about ramen and boba tea wars? Movie theater? Central Park? CalTrain station? Pretty much the only time I use my car is to go to Trader Joe's, which is close enough that I always feel guilty for not riding my bike. If you work south on 101, you can even hop on 92 S at El Camino to skip the worst of the 101/92 junction, so it's about 20 min door-to-door to Redwood Shores. I also love living 20 minutes from the beach and a 10 minute bike ride to the bay trail.Cons: OK there have to be some so you don't think I'm being paid to write this. I'd say the biggest one is being spoiled with luxury. No seriously. We've looked at apartments that cost $1000 less, and we just can't go back. So now I harass my fiance to make more money. Mo' money, mo' problems! No seriously, it's a problem. Also, I live on the street side and it's pretty noisy. With the windows shut it's fine, but breezy summer days can be an earful. I don't know about the pool side. I think it's a choice between quiet vs view. Also, the balcony can be soooper windy, and the north side doesn't get much sun. But hey, that's what the pool is for. One other thing is I'm worried about our move-out costs. It seems other people on Yelp have had costly experiences. But even if they're the equivalent of a month's rent, it's not so bad as a fraction of your stay. Finally, if you're looking for a really secure building, this isn't it because the basement is like always open, so anyone can usually get to the elevator if they're sneaky. All in all, I hope you'll move in! I've been meaning to write this review forever because when do you seriously feel like gushing about a place? Well, this is it. See you soon!
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2010,7/1/2010,537,770,5,6,6>I wanted to go to Amarin because I hadn't been in so long. However, upon walking by Shabuway I see a man slicing thin pieces of kobe-style beef in the window, and like Pavlov's dog, saliva forms in the corner of my mouth and somewhere angels are singing. Let me tell you, rarely do angels sing on a regular Wednesday night, so I take this as a sign to convince friends that we want dinner here. We're seated quickly and the server lets us know that at this hour they offer the all you can eat. WUT?!?! We ponder it for a second, like we were actually really going to ponder all you can eat kobe-style beef? We all order it.It feels like days in between meat plates, but we demolish 3 plates each. That is 9 plates of beef sliced so thinly. We had a little bit of the veges, but mostly stayed the course. The spicy soup was actually the winner of the meal, it was the perfect amount of heat to bump the flavor of the soup. On a cold night Shabuway was the answer.
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2009,6/30/2010,75,100,12,22,8>Dear Yelp friends, You will surely know too much about my personal grooming after reading this very candid review. So, if it will make you blush or giggle next time we see each other, just stop reading now. Please and thank you. :)-BSooo... much like my overdue haircut and color, which incidentally turned out beautifully (yelp.com/biz/acme-head-a), I too needed to tend to the 70's mama bush situation that's been brewing down below.Lidia was able to fit me in for a brazilian and eyebrows at a day and time that suited my schedule perfectly.Her studio is minimal, clean, and relaxing. Standard spa music, white walls, low light in the lobby/waiting room but the necessary bright light in the treatment room. She is friendly, easy to talk to (or not), and good at what she does. I felt at ease with her from start to finish.She only uses soft wax, the kind that you pull off with a strip of fabric. This made me a little nervous as my last girl switched to a hard wax for the *most* sensitive and hard to maneuver areas as it can be more gentle. But honestly, this was possibly the least painful waxing experience I've ever had. Also different from previous brazilians I've had, she didn't ask me to flip over to my stomach or get on all fours. So, if you're modest, this might be a plus for you. (Ok, actually, LOL at the thought of a modest  woman getting a brazilian at all, but if you're on the fence, trust Lidia would make you feel the smallest amount of mortification you possibly could.)She worked quickly. She politely and matter-of-factly asked me to help by pulling here or holding there. She has great attention to detail and made good use of tweezers post-wax.Most thorough eyebrow shaping I've ever had. She waxed, then trimmed, then tweezed. Then, she suggested I let one grow out a little more in one spot so they'd be more even. 45 minutes. $90 ($65 brazilian, $25 eyebrows). Cash or check only.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for first-timers and the experienced alike.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2009,6/29/2010,198,505,4,6,4>This is my second time having kaiseki (traditional Japanese nine course meal). It's pretty rare that I have food like this, so I tried my best to not gobble everything down quickly and enjoy each savoring taste. This restaurant must be making bank since it ONLY specializes in kaiseki and there's only a handful of tables. I really can't recall much of what I ate, but what I can remember was that it was delish! The menu changes every month, so it's pointless to write it out either. The service (although she was a server/semi washer/cashier) was superb... they sure know how to utilize one person! Most of the dishes were great. The only dish I wasn't too happy about was the 5 or 6 plate, the "cleansing your palate" plate with the gelatin sake. I was really happy about the tuna sashimi from Italy which seriously just melted in your mouth! It was seriously the best sushi ever! The dessert ended with a bang too! Red bean and green tea mousse with a sesame cookie? You can't get any better than that.Call me weird, but I have a thing for really cool bathrooms that match. And guess what? Really cool bathrooms that match! The only thing I wish that happened was that somebody said it was a birthday dinner so we would get some more special hook ups. Oh well, perhaps next time...
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2010,6/28/2010,10,66,14,9,6>If you're on the fence about whether or not you want to go to Lettuce, this is the only review you need to read.  Why?  Because I'm an expert on this place.  I've tried damn near every sandwich on their "Specialty Sandwiches" list, and before long, I will have tried them all.  Now I can't tell you about some of their sandwiches, like the super-hippy vegetarian Haight-Ashbury one, but I can tell you about most of them, from the gut-busting Marina that is sure to move you up a weight class to the innovative Gold Rush, which is like a Thanksgiving dinner with a Mexican twist.Why have I tried most of the sandwiches here?  Because I'm a food ticker, of course.  Let me explain what that means.  "Ticking" began in England, where legends like Brian "The Whippet" Moore and Mick "The Tick" Baker set out on a quest to try every cask ale the country had to offer.  Every time they tried a new cask ale, they'd record it with a "tick" in their notebook.  Between the two of them, Mick and Brian have recorded over 70,000 ticks.  Many of us are the same way with sandwiches.  Whether it's enjoying a well-crafted masterpiece or choking down a dreadful abomination, you've got to get them all.  It's sort of like Pokemon.  DISCLAIMER: I don't know anything about Pokemon other than the fact that you've "gotta catch 'em all."  One perplexing thing about this place is its namesake, the lettuce.  You'd expect a place called Lettuce to have some fancy-ass lettuce, wouldn't you?  Nope.  It's just plain, boring iceberg lettuce.  Come on.  If I wanted iceberg, I would have taken a trip on the Titanic.  My only guess here is that the name Lettuce does not refer to actual lettuce, and that instead it's an Italian name pronounced "let-TOO-chay."  In that case, the name is excusable.My favorite sandwiches on the list are probably The City, Gold Rush, Coit Tower, and Reuben.  The Marina is one of the more ridiculous creations I've ever seen, with Hot Pastrami, Bacon, Cream Cheese, and Avocado.  The fat content probably somewhere around that of two super-sized Big Mac combos.  If Lettuce ever uses a Jared Fogle equivalent in their advertising, they should fatten him up on this, which wouldn't take long, then slim him back down using the Haight-Ashbury.Overall, this place is pretty good.  $7.49 for a sandwich is a little much, but the sandwiches are big and they make up for the priciness with a free cookie.  The sandwich quality is above average, there are some interesting combos, and the staff is very friendly.  It's not going to blow you away, but it will satisfy your craving for a solid sandwich and/or a new tick in your noble sandwich-trying quest.
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2009,6/26/2010,751,680,21,22,21>My wife and daughters were out for most of the day, so I had this Saturday pretty much all to myself. After I finished most of my errands, I realized I haven't had lunch. Since I didn't have the family with me, the choice was all mine. What shall it be? Gyros from Belmont Gyro House? Shawerma from Alhana? Falafel from Sinbad's? Pizza from Rainbow? Hawaiian Plate Lunch from L and L? El Metate for tacos? Or should I get something relatively healthy? I already had a coffee and 2 donuts in the morning (1 glazed raised, 1 maple old fashioned), so maybe I should get some salad?NAH! I headed to Jersey Joe's. Some heart-stopping cheesesteaks, and artery-hardening fries sounded good. I've lived along the Peninsula for so many years, and have never made stop at this location, or the original location in San Mateo. Besides, I've had this place bookmarked since reading reviews from David P and Jennifer L. Even at 2PM on a Saturday afternoon, all of the tables inside this place were all taken. Still, I wasn't discouraged, and was determined to order a cheesesteak from this place. After acquainting myself with their menu, I walked up to the cashier and placed my order. After I filled up my cup with soda, a booth opened up, where I sat and waited for my order. As I was waiting, I noticed there were 5 flat screen TV's along the walls, all tuned to different college football games. Soon my number was called, and I picked up my order (yelp.com/biz_photos/WpcR). Ordered a pepper steak combo meal with fries and a regular drink. The pepper steak can be order sweet or spicy. I had my cheesesteak made spicy, and did have a little kick to it. I squirted more of the vinegary hot sauce to give more of a kick. My cheesesteak was stuffed pretty well with lots of chopped rib-eye steak, and it was hot off the grill. Yes, it was spicy, but it was also very tasty. The fries were also hot, fresh off the fryer. They're served unseasoned, to allow the customers to season with as much salt and pepper as they like. I really enjoyed my cheesesteak, while watching some of the college games that were playing (USC lost, but unfortunately, Cal lost as well). Very comfortable, very casual atmosphere. After all of the years I lived along the San Francisco Bay Area Peninsula, it's a shame I this was only my first time eating here. It won't be my last.
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2010,6/25/2010,275,727,11,16,11>There are some really mixed reviews here. Reading through most would probably make me steer clear of this place. But lucky for me, a friend of mine is a regular here and if it were not for him I would have never discovered this gem of a restaurant.La Fonda looks like a million other hole in the wall establishments that line the El Camino. It appears to be nothing special and has no draw as you speed by at 45 miles per hour. But once inside you are greeted by a warm family run atmosphere. Even on busy nights the service is better than most other Mexican places.What I also love about La Fonda is that they have queso fundido, which for some inexplicable reason difficult to find on most menus. And theirs is prepared to perfection. Warm melted jack cheese with your choice of chorizo, mushrooms or plain, not too runny but just the right consistency. Yes, this is only an appetizer, but it's filling enough for me to be an entree. Everything else on the menu is very good including the carne asada which they only use top quality beef. The margaritas are better than most and not at all too sweet (which is my biggest complaint).La Fonda is "family" friendly and a nice place to bring a large group or  for even just a casual "date" night with your SO.
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2009,6/24/2010,358,1030,11,16,15>It's our first month in San Mateo, and we've been to Myung Dong a few times already. We'd be so deprived of tofu without this place.This is the newer branch of Myung Dong Tofu Cabin, the original based in Santa Clara. I personally like this one better because of the stellar service. As Jacqueline D has pointed out, the ladies here are notably warm, friendly and helpful. The food is another reason for going back here regularly. The panchans aren't the most exceptional, but the tofu stew (soondubu) is tasty. We've had the seafood, beef and "den jang" soondubus...which were all equally comforting and properly HEATY. On a cold day, I'd love to try their suh long tang, and on a warm day, their mool naeng myung... Oh, and we must not forget to try Ken K's recommended silver cod dish. (Ken, I *love* gindara no nitsuke.)The location is also nice - adjacent to our favorite Malaysian restaurant Langkawi, Sheng Kee bakery, and Marina Food.SUM: We will forever miss the long stretch of Korean restaurants in Santa Clara, but at least we know that we'll never be entirely deprived of good Korean fare!
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/19/2010,6/23/2010,127,1093,,5,6>The line was out the door at 7pm on a Friday night, which is prime time for La Bodeguita Del Medio.  The place itself is small, with 3 tables outside, a formal dining area, and a pretty good sized bar area with tables and bar seating.  The bar is open to anyone, and people kind of hover in anticipation of a table.  Interestingly, by about 8:30, a lot of tables opened up, so I guess it really is the post-work rush.Everyone starts with a mojito, which is their signature drink.  They have lots of other cocktails and wines, many from California.  We started with nice, crusty bread with a spicy tomato oil for dipping.  The oil reminded me of the residual reddish oil in your bowl after you've finished your red sauce pasta.We also had the conch and shrimp stew, which was a nice thick and slightly chunky puree of vegetables and seafood with a tomato base.  It was slightly creamy and had a lot of seafood essence.  The palmitos salad was nice in that the frisee and mixed greens were chopped very small, good for bite size.  However, I expected hearts of palm in the "palmitos" salad, and I though the menu description mentioned it, but all it had was candied nuts, grapefuit, and avacado.  Everyone there seems to order a salad, though..The 2 of us shared the paella for our main.  Everyone says it's big enough for 3-4 people, but we finished it without any problem.  I'm pretty full, but I think it's actually good for 2 people, especially if it's 2 guys.  It has a generous topping of clams and mussels.  The saffron flavor is mild, and the dish was actually much better accented after adding salt from the table.  There are also chunks of white meat chicken and chorizo.  Since my first taste of paella in Spain, I've been longing for the nice crust at the bottom.  I had high hopes for it when I first saw the pan, but the rice actually had a lot of residual broth in it, which was fine for flavoring, but I just expected something different, texture-wise.  I do like how the pan keeps everything piping hot, though.We were too stuffed for dessert after finishing off that paella.  Most other tables opted for the banana dessert, which looked good. Service is pretty attentive, even though they're really busy, and water is filled quickly.  Also, the manager/owner came to check in a lot, which was nice.This is definitely some higher end Cuban.  The food isn't bad, and you pay a bit of a premium for the location on the peninsula.  Like most of the places on California Street, food is solid but not spectacular; however, I do enjoy the ambiance/small restaurant feel.  It's a nice change from the other run-of-the-mill suburban restaurants.
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2010,6/22/2010,131,459,6,8,7>Despite being a local I'd never stepped into this place before this weekend.  I don't know why--maybe it's because having grown up when Redwood City wasn't exactly a mecca of good food, I still never think to look close by when I'm craving good seafood.So here's to changing that habit!  When I walked into Al's I was a bit apprehensive, since there was a definite burnt oil/old oil smell in the air.  I wanted to try both fried fish and not-fried fish so I over-ordered: Two fish tacos, grilled, and a three-piece order of fish and chips, to go.The fish tacos were fantastic--the grilled fish was nice and juicy, the portions were generous, and they weren't heavy-handed with the salt or other fillings, which was great.  I wouldn't have minded more salsa on the tacos to brighten up the mild flavors but overall they were a home run.The oil smell had me worried about the fish and chips, but despite that the fish was perfect!  Generous portions of fish, light on the batter, and despite what I had smelled the pieces did not taste of burnt oil or too much oil.  The crust was a little soggy, but I'm not going to ding Al's for that when it was my choice to spend a bit of time running errands before taking my fried food home.  The fish was still nice and piping hot, and I was given plenty of malt vinegar which was great.Where I will ding them on are the fries and the cole slaw that accompanied the fried fish. The fact that the slaw had hardly any mayo was right up my alley, but the cabbage tasted old, and judging by the chips' color and texture they were a pre-cooked frozen kind.Overall verdict?  I dunno if I would be a regular here--at nearly $4 per taco (after tax) and roughly $11 for a three-piece fish-and-chips order with great fish but mediocre chips/slaw, this is definitely Peninsula Pricing at Its Finest.  However to Al's credit the portions are very generous (I had enough food left over for a second meal), the execution is good overall, and the fish is fresh and juicy.  I'll probably wait 'til I'm back at my favorite place on the coast to have fish and chips again, but I'll definitely be coming back for the fish tacos.
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2010,6/21/2010,896,808,24,29,28>Oh yum.I tried Ravioli House for the first time today and was very impressed. I had a sandwich with house-roasted turkey breast, pesto, jalapeño peppers, lettuce, tomato, pickle, onion, mustard, a little mayo on fresh sliced wheat bread from Wedermeyer Bakery.The sandwich was very well-balanced and delicious. Thanks, Asha S. for the recommendation. It wouldn't have occurred to me that a place called Ravioli House would have excellent sandwiches.
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,7/12/2013,83,91,7,13,11>If you haven't already been to Tootsies at Stanford Barn, you are seriously missing out on a true Stanford experience. Luckily being so fortunate to spend my days right next door at Stanford Hospital, I must say my mini lunch vacations at Tootsies is a true highlight of my afternoon. As a lover of anything Italian, Tootsies has so many great things to offer. First off this scenic rustic Italian eatery is beautiful situated around an aromatic lavender garden, the open seating patio is a great way to relax on any sunny afternoon.Now on to the goodies, my personal favorites at Tootsies, seemingly so should be yours if any of you yelpers find your way here:For those who can consider themselves a Sweets Queen or Sweets King, you must try the house made Bomboloni. These are small Italian donuts with a decadent lemon custard lightly sprinkled with sugar. These are to die for and sell out pretty quickly unless you have friends on the inside who can keep some hidden for you.The Breakfast Panino: sautéed baby spinach, crispy pancetta, pecorino, with a fried egg. Saying that this is delicious would certainly be an understatement.Tootsie's Burger: Veal, pork and beef blended with olives and oregano, served with caramelized onions, mozzarella cheese on a toasted rosemary roll with house made shoestring fries.Panini's, Panini's, Panini'sWith over 11 different ones to choose from you cannot go wrong.My favorites so far are:Perfetto : Neto italian sausage with broccoli rabe and red bell peppersPorchetta: Slow roasted, herbed stuff pork loin with argula and lemon vinaigrettePortobello: Oven roasted portabello mushrooms, with sautéed radicchio and balsamic vinagretteAll of these bad boys are served on what should be called pillows but I'll settle for calling them Focaccia bread.If you have an undying love for coffee, or have no choice to recaff like I do, you will love their cappucinos, espressos and the most delicious Moka all' Italiana.Last but certainly not least, the staff is top notch and very friendly, which in my opinion can honestly make or break any decent restaurant. Who wants to enjoy a Bomboloni from some sour individual? Not this guy. Ciao.
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2013,7/11/2013,79,131,5,5,6>Having gone to India, I can tell you that Amber India's food is as close as it gets to the real thing. I am very picky about my Indian food and have been to MANY Indian restaurants and this is by far the best one in the area. I definitely prefer the lunch buffet because you get A LOT more bang for your buck but the dinner is amazing as well. The lunch buffet on Saturday and Sunday features lamb and chaat in addition to their normal selection, which is unbelievably delicious. I would highly suggest that if you are coming for the dinner, you come with at least four people. Everything is family-style so you will be able to sample a wider selection of dishes with more people. The dinner is fairly pricey but believe me, it is worth it. All in all, let's just say that there is a reason why it has been named one of the best indian restaurants in the Bay Area.
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2013,7/10/2013,139,177,4,13,7>For Day 2, stop #1 of our Peninsula Staycation, I booked a double appointment for the missus and myself here because she had stopped in when they first opened a few weeks ago and really enjoyed the service.  I have to agree!  It's a beautiful spa and I thought the customer service was excellent.  It's new, so there are some little corners here and there where things aren't quite finished, but most people would not notice them-I happened to have extra time as they "polished off" (see what I did there?) Her treatment, since as a dude, my buff and shine didn't last as long.  And it was nice that they were totally used to working with men.Both of our manicurists were chatty without being weird, and I can easily see going back every so often and my wife will definitely return.Bottom Line: They put the "Man" in Manicure!
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2012,7/9/2013,91,325,2,6,6>Mt. View's Farmers Market is one of the best farmers markets that I've ever been to. There is such a large selection of produce, poultry, and goods available at great prices. Every time my bf and I drop by, we always try to make a trip to one of the vendors that sells fresh kumamoto oysters to slurp on between buying groceries and goods. Yum! :) I'm excited that we're moving across the street so we can make more frequent visits!
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,7/8/2013,228,336,5,8,5>I've been seeing the same stylist for the better part of a decade.  He's fabulous, I love him and would highly recommend him to anyone, but (oh I feel so disloyal!), I've moved you see.  For the past year I've walked and driven by Strands countless time, it's pretty and inviting, always bustling and busy, their well coiffed clientele coming and going at a steady clip.  But I'm fiercely loyal, so I continued to drive many miles, pay for parking and sacrifice nearly a whole day to the alter of good hair to go see my guy.  Finally Strands' siren song was too much to resist, the welcoming environment, the stellar reviews, the reasonable prices, the ten minute walk from my front door, the availability of a 7pm appointment on a Thursday, it was too much to resist.So in to see Sylvia I went.  I admit it, I was nervous, after all, this was a different set of hands wielding the scissors than I was used to, I babbled a bit about what I wanted her to do with my cut.  She listened, she understood, she made a suggestion or two and off to the shampoo bowl we went.  I have a massive amount of crazy curly hair you see, it's no job for the faint of heart, but just a little while later I had a fabulous cut, just the right length, nary a cowlick or wonky curl in sight. Over the past several weeks I fielded more compliments about my hair than I have in ages.  And I don't just mean right after I left the salon, I'm talking about the true test, when you wash and style a new cut all on your own.  My curls (recalcitrant bunch that they are) are behaving themselves beautifully.  I think I've found my new stylist you guys.
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,7/7/2013,91,262,1,10,2>Downtown is the newest restaurant in the "Theater District" in Redwood City. It serves contemporary American Cuisine using fresh ingredients. The decor is modern and upscale with wooden tables and chairs. There is a bar area facing the open kitchen. Another plus is that there is plenty of room between tables so you're not overhearing other guests dinner conversation.The menu is filled with fresh, unique salads, sandwiches, pasta and fish, steak and chicken entree's. They also have a large selection of wines.I have been here twice since Downtown opened. I have tried the hummus appetizer (delicious), the chicken tomatillo soup (excellent), the side salad with lemon vinaigrette dressing (fresh) the skirt steak (awesome) and the Dijon chicken sandwich on a baguette (very good). The iced tea is fresh brewed and very good. For dessert I had the warm bread pudding with warm caramel sauce (great).The menu prices are very reasonable and just one block from the movie theater and the Fox theater.This restaurant has been opened for two weeks and the servers have been so-so. They are trying to hit their stride and are close to doing so. The service has been ok to good but definitely not bad. The last time I had my appetizer, soup and entree served all within a few minutes of each other, creating a large amount of clutter on the table. The timing could've been better but that comes with time management and routine for the servers, which should get better as time goes on.I would recommend this restaurant to others. The owner is also putting together a Happy Hour menu that he says will be unveiled soon!
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,7/6/2013,318,202,12,19,14>Attention all foodies - come to Stein's!!!!I am amazed at the low review of Stein's - I'm guessing people who did give low reviews were here during the first two weeks when Stein's was working out it's kinks. But seriously people, did you even try the food and drinks?!Here are my thoughts:1. AMBIANCE: A-MA-ZING. I love the open and airy feel of the restaurants. It's modern yet comfortable. Unfortunately, I didn't get to visit the outside but I absolutely love that it's an "upscale" bar. Stein's has TV's all over the place (which will be useful during the football season. ) and really...it has by FAR the best ambiance in Mountain View. HANDS DOWN. It's obviously more of a group place rather than a romantic place but I'd come here with my husband on a casual date night.2. SERVICE: My experience in service was not the same as other people on Yelp and I attribute it mainly to the fact that I came here more recently versus others who probably came when Stein's was still figuring things out. As a rule of thumb people - GIVE the restaurant some damn time to figure it out. It's like becoming a parent for the first time. The first two weeks are the hardest and then you start figuring it out. SO GET a GRIP people, YOU try opening a restaurant and see if you don't have any issues the first two weeks. By the way, our server was great - she was attentive, kind and went above and beyond to make us happy. If I remembered her name, I'd love to give her credit.3. DRINKS: I'm not a beer drinker, but Stein's has beers that will convert you. Get the Fruli and Floris if you're not a beer drinker - I promise you, you will love it!! Also, I highly highly recommend the French Kiss,esp. if you love tart drinks.  My beer drinker friends were definitely able to find something the loved.4. FOOD: ohmygawd, ohmygawd, OHMYGAWD - so GOOD!!  I'm pretty picky when it comes to food and so are some of the people I went with, but no one left without a full stomach and a smile on their face.  Here are my recommendations: - Roast Beet and Wild Mushroom Salad: A great way to start the evening here, it's light and flavorful. - Steins Burger: Never leave this place unless you've had the Stein's burger - with the fried egg and pork belly. Probably one of the best burgers I've had in the Peninsula/South Bay. It's a gourmet burger in every sense of the word and the patty was juicy and flavorful. Usually I cover my burgers with ketchup but not a Stein's - it was so perfect as is. TRY the burger!- Grilled Portabella Sandwich: Vegetarians, you have to try this!!! The mushrooms are grilled perfectly and the ciabatta bread it was on was absolutely amazing! It was fresh, light yet packed a TON of flavor. Everyone was amazed at how much they loved this dish.- Smoked Chicken and Creamy Polenta: Probably one of my favs of the night. One of my biggest peeves is going to a restaurant and ordering a chicken that is dry, over or undersalted and flavorless.  Stein's is the opposite, it was so so juicy, had a nice smoky flavor and complimented the creamy polenta and greens PERFECTLY. I highly recommend this dish - you will not be disappointed.- Dessert: We had a sampling of all the dessert and they were all fantastic. Some of the standout were the Cruller Donuts. PERFECTION. I don't know how the perfected a donut because their a bar not a bakery but I nearly died when I ate that donut it was so good. It's fresh and buttery, crispy on the outside but soft and melty on the inside. I wanted to grab a dozen on the way home.  The real beer float was also suprisingly good. I love how the beer counteracted the sweetness of the ice cream because most of the desserts were sweet, it was nice to have something that was bubbly and refreshing. - Freebies: The pickled veggies they give you for free are a MUST. They're so gawd darn delicious and it counteracts some of the fatty and heavy dishes you eat.BOTTOM LINE: My experience at Stein's was amazing from top to bottom. I love the care and attention Stein pays to everything. From their freshly baked bread form the pickled veggies made in-house...I mean I'm not sure if anything is NOT made from scratch here.  I don't have a single complaint about Stein's - the food, the service and ambiance were all impeccable. Everyone I came with left excited to come back again. I absolutely love love Stein's. A huge thumbs up to Stein's, thank you for the wonderful experience - there is hope for Mountain View!
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2012,7/5/2013,206,213,5,8,6>Who has time to wait forever and a day now to get a smog check?  Certainly not a new mother like me.  21St ave smog check is quick quick quick!  I was in and out under 20 minutes.  10 min wait and 10 min check.  What's even better is the $20 off when you check in on Yelp.  $50 bucks and I was out the door with a pass on my smog.  Highly recommend!
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,7/4/2013,659,1527,4,8,5>I love tacos and even better good tacos.  Trucks I think make them as well or even better than a taqueria.  I have heard from a friend that this truck is epic and I had to come by.  The line and the piles of men piling out of cars to go here at 1:00 confirms that he isn't the only one to think so.I got asada, carnitas and pastor.  Con todo. Extra hot and green sauce on the side.   Great lunch at a great price-- tacos are still only $1 each here (a bit more if you get chorizo or special meats).
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2013,7/3/2013,286,975,6,5,5>You'll forget you're in a hotel as soon as you start tasting the food.  Although the extremely friendly doormen make you not want to forget!We came here for my 24th birthday dinner.  Everything we had was so amazing, and the service was incredible as well.  Loved loved loved the calamari with the spicy aioli dipping sauce, and the scallops with shrimp tempura were such a treat.  One of the best meals I've had in a restaurant!  And go for the butterscotch pudding for dessert, especially for the little jar it's served in.  But mostly for that sweet and salty taste. Mmmm mmm.We also had the halibut crudo, the salmon entree, and the softshell crab special... Along with the mud pie dessert.  All good, all highly highly recommended, but those listed above were the real stars of the show.Any business with no corkage fee has my business, but this one is extra special.  Thanks go especially to Nathan for making my 24th birthday so memorable!  We'll be back soon for sure!
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2010,6/10/2010,109,203,1,6,4>Since we're on Castro a lot, I decided to come in and give their roasted barley milk tea a try. I have to admit, it was pretty good and the tapioca was just right. You can tell when tapioca has been sitting around too long; it just turns into mush. Theirs had the right texture and perfect amount of chewiness. I also got to try their jasmine milk tea which was pretty good, as well as the peach tea with aloe. I liked the peach tea a lot, so I will probably get my own next time. The place is teeny so there isn't much sitting room, but we took our drinks to go. It is right next door to Queen House and I hear that if you eat there, you can have pearl tea from Tea Era with your meal. Picked up a buy-10-get-1-free card because I will be back to try some other flavors!
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2010,6/9/2010,90,150,10,13,12>Fantastic biscotti but the real reason I love coming here is the focaccia on Saturdays!  The focaccia is fantastic for parties - you just reheat the  sheet or rounds in your oven and cut and serve.  My faves are the plain (with sea salt), sausage, stuffed ham and cheese, and mushroom.  Combine it with a charcuterie and cheese platter, some crudites and dip, and you are good to go.  Angela, the baker's wife/co-owner, is really nice and she will stuff you with samples if you are indecisive (or pretend to be).  My only problem is I always forget that I need to order the focaccia before Friday at 3 pm either via an email or voicemail.  Actually, I have another problem with this place - I leave with way more than I intended (just like at Costco) since there are so many tempting items there!
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2010,6/8/2010,403,410,5,7,6>Yes, I am indeed a fan.My coworker/friend Peter told me about this place ("It's not Ike's, but it's pretty good for the area...").  I fully concur.  While Ike's still has my heart as the best sandwich in the bay, Ace is... well, Ace! (see Urban Dictionary for slang definition)What I love about this place is that they slice all their meats and cheeses to order, even at their busiest.  I pointed this out to the guys over the counter and they were surprised I noticed and that I was the only one who's ever mentioned it and appreciated it.  How can you not??Another great thing is that these guys are very good at time management and have been in the sandwich business long enough to estimate an accurate time.  Once I called in to order for pickup.  How fast can you make 4 sandwiches for pickup (at 11:45)?  15 minutes??  Amazing!My go-to sandwich is always the BLT.  Hard to mess up, and always full of bacon-y goodness.  Their ingredients are fresh, their bacon super crispy (Dittmer's watch out!) and generous.  The only peeve is I'll want to add some avocado sometimes and they charge $1 for the extra... and there's barely any avocado on there.  Come on guys!Parking can be a pain since the lot fits 6 cars or so... but there is street parking in the little side street off of El Camino.  I suggest you call ahead for pickup if you're nearing 12 noon, or go before 11:30 for fastest service.They deliver as well if you call before 9am and order a minimum of $25 (I think).
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2010,6/7/2010,210,226,5,9,7>This place is beautiful!  If you're looking for a great challenging hike with lots of shade, beautiful redwoods, and ample greenery, this is your place.I started at the main trail head at north ridge trail.  Went down (waaaaaaay down) the trail and hit whittmore gulch trail.  There, I encountered lots of shady spots, a creek, pretty flowers and a wonderful aroma of different plants.  Whittmore hit up to Harkins.  Harkins was definitely the difficult.  There was a bit of open areas, lots of uphill, and a great view at every turn.  The total hike I did was about 8 miles.  I believe there is another trail head which is easier and is wheelchair accessible. Purisima offers a couple of outhouses for bathrooms.  Suggestions?  Go before you get there.  David B. nailed it.  If you have a few hours and are in the neighborhood, this place is definitely worth checking out.  Your butt, calves and quads will b*tch at you for it, but the memories you take with you will be worth it.
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2009,6/6/2010,634,310,6,10,8>Was I trying to watch my youthful figure! Yeah right, who am I kidding?It felt like I was on a liquid diet today. I had a soy white mocha from University Cafe this morning and a Blender with plain yogurt, mangoes, banana and kiwi from Red Mango for lunch. I definitely needed something solid in my stomach before the night's end. After reading a rave review from my new found Yelper, Kababble K., I was convinced that Back A Yard Grill was my next calling for dinner.  Not to mention the 456 other Yelp reviews, this place looks very attractive to try!After work I drove through stiff traffic determined to get my grub on.  In the same corner as the restaurant were two Palo Alto Police cars parked on the median.  I thought someone robbed a store and cops were surrounding the area, but after I parked in the lot behind, I noticed there is a Palo Alto Police Community Center.  I had a sigh of relief knowing there was a small station if I needed some assistance in this rough neighborhood,  Upon entering the brightly colored restaurant with Jamaican cultural colors, I noticed a nice and clean dining area.  I felt like I was inside a homely diner.  Painted pictures that looked like murals graced the walls along with framed cutouts of articles about the restaurant and its owners.  A wide cashiering desk stretched the width of the place creating a barrier between those dining in and the kitchen area.  I had the pleasure of making the cashier's acquaintance.  I asked him if he was related to the owners and he said he was a good family friend.  This polite and patient young Jamaican man's name was Ritchie.  I introduced myself to him and told him it was my first time there.  After scanning the menu and mouth watering pictures on the wall, I decided on trying a BBQ platter for my first experience. I ordered the BBQ Pork (5pcs) Spareribs for $11.75 and it came with fries, a warm bread roll, and cole slaw.  The guy asked me if I wanted something to drink and I declined, but he kept asking me like he was suggestive selling. After asking three times, he gave up and I paid a total of $12.84 for the meal.  As I waited for the food to come out, Ritchie gave me a glass of ice water, straw, and metal utensils wrapped in a napkin.  It only took 10 minutes for the food to arrive and when it did, the presentation was very simple and nice.  The oval plastic plate was just the right size to hold the 5 stacked ribs with a good amount of BBQ sauce, crinkle fresh cut fries were light and fluffy inside, a warm roll tasted just baked, and a small bowl of tangy coleslaw completed the meal. My first bite into the ribs was OMFG!  You know the feeling when you eat something spectacular and your eyes roll back in ecstasy? Yeah, that's the same feeling!  I was in heaven with the flavorful BBQ sauce and succulent meat falling off the bone action. I've never been able to find a rib place as good as PF Chang's ribs in tangy sauce.  As I was trying to savor every rib bite, I found myself eating them faster than it took to prepare them.  A rib in one hand and a french fry in the other made me feel like a Geico caveman, but I was hungry dammit!  The rolls were warm, fluffy and not overbearing with sweet taste.  The coleslaw wasn't half bad either.  I was full and more than satisfied when I finished this grand meal.After my meal, I went to order some takeout for my better half; BBQ Ribs (3pc) w/ Rolls @ $6.25 and a side of Fried Plantains @ $2.00 totaling $9.01   Their Hot-Quick-Eats are well worth it.  As I waited, I observed the condiment bar closer and saw an arsenal of wet wipes, toothpicks, and plastic utensils for takeout.  Ritchie and I passed time by talking some more and I told him I went there because of all the Yelp reviews.  He said "Yelp loves us," as he pointed to the door where they had a red Yelp sticker.  This was definitely a no brainer to choose Back A Yard Grill for dinner.  It was well worth the drive to eat something new.  On to it's sister restaurant, Coconuts!  I'm having high expectations now.  But I know I'll be back soon to try me some Jerk....chicken and pork!
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2010,6/5/2010,89,414,3,6,4>I am writing this right now from the waiting room - free WiFi rules.  Simply put, this is one of the better tire shops I've run across.  No BS, no over-selling, great people, great service, great prices.  They managed to save my wife and I a bit on new tires by going with Hankook's - a brand I never heard of before but come highly recommended (Google them) - and are considerably cheaper than Goodyear, Michelin, etc. AND come with 80K mile warranty.  Epic win.  Oh yeah, free coffee too.
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2010,6/4/2010,198,547,3,5,4>NOT A MEXICAN restaurant (IMHO)! I  think this restaurant is more Latin-American fusion than "Mexican". I loved the spaciousness and the decor! This is by far the best restaurant I've been to in Palo Alto!The food was superb! Everything was so tasty! The chips were good but the plantain chips needed salt and the dips were actually kind of "Taqueria" meaning diced tomatoes, green and red salsa.. booooring!! Please get some better dips :) Ok, they were plain but still tasted really fresh :)          *** TRY THEIR LIME DRESSING***         I highly enjoyed the ceasar salad with romaine lettuce and corn.  I cannot stress how amazing their lime dressing is!! Opt out from the cream ceasar dressing!! Their lime vinaigrette had hints of lemongrass, cliantro, and maybe balsamic vinegar?  If anyone can find out the recipe, message me and I'll be your best Yelp friend!Their cebiche was mediocre but I'll just forgive this as there's only so much you can do with snapper and I should have known better than to order snapper in any form!Limited wine selection. Slightly overpriced but still worth it!
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2010,6/3/2010,74,81,3,4,4>Got invited here by a friend who I would say knows a lot about Japanese cuisine and let me tell you, Shabu House met my expectations. At firsts I was a bit hesitant because I wasn't sure what to expect nor how the Japanese Fondue idea worked so I just went for it and had one yummy meal! The Miso broth, kobe beef and the vegetable dish with noodles was very tasteful. I actually dipped the veggies in the special sauces they offer and it was delicious!  It was also a lot of fun to go through the experience. The decor at Shabu House was very nice and the place is very spacious. There were some flat screens so it's great if you're a sports fan. (I got to catch some glimpses of the Lakers! ) Also, as part of your meal, you get your choice of Green Tea ice cream or Red bean. If you got a sweet tooth, this place gets extra points. The staff is very nice and attentive and they make sure that your experience is a good one! This was a very enjoyable meal and will be coming back!  :)
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2009,6/2/2010,85,1621,3,10,6>I was in dire need to see a doctor as I started to feel lower abdomen pains and found this office on yelp.com. Thought I'd give it a shot. I walked in. Jessica at the front desk told me to fill out paperwork and sit down. She called me to check my vital stats and was seen by a doctor in a couple of minutes. He was thorough and helpful. My initial visit only cost me $59.00 and any lab work done would be extra. But I'm definitely coming back here again. The decor of the office is quite modern and had leather couches and hardwood floors. He gave me the prescription for my medication and it was that easy. I was in there for less than an hour.
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2010,6/1/2010,836,728,17,18,19>Sam's chowder mobile was here today in front of Moxsie in Palo Alto! Michael L. and I were suppose to meet up for lunch, but I was just too hungry so I ate without him! haha I just tried their famous lobster roll! There's a $10 "shortie" (2/3 the size of the $15 one) and a $15 lobster roll. So the only difference is really the size.  I ended up getting the $10 one! It is kinda pricey... but after about 3 bites into it and the toasted buttery roll, it's really tasty! :) Wished their lobster rolls were a tad bit cheaper... $8/$11 maybe?They take credit cards... including AMEX!! O_O Wow! Very awesome for a food truck! I'd be tempted to organize a UYE lunch food truck in front of my work one day!! :) Doesn't that sound yummy?So whenever the mobile is in your area, stop on by and say hi to the chowder mobile guy!Follow them on twitter: twitter.com/chowdermobile
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2009,11/26/2009,162,77,6,10,8>You definitely need to come here for the garlic sausage sandwich!! It is juicy, garlicky, and absolutely delicious!!! AND cheap!! Less than $6 for one!  I'm sad they microwave the sausages now though... they used to fry it in a pan.... definitely changes the taste for me...  This place is also like a mini MINI market/butcher shop, it has a bunch of different foreign items on shelves attached to the wall that I am always soooo tempted to buy! They have hazelnut chocolate wafers that seem to be pretty popular too. They have ground meats of all kinds and a lot of strange meat products that seem sort of scary, but I'm sure other people enjoy (like rabbit meat wrapped pig blood).  They also gave us free samples of this pepper turkey that was scrumptious!! I also bought their garlic pepper bacon from here  but it is still in my freezer, waiting to be devoured. I will update on how that tastes later.This place is small but service is usually pretty fast.  Don't miss out on this place!
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/18/2009,11/25/2009,523,353,5,8,8>This review is for a take out order.Since I officially work on the peninsula, its a good that i get to venture outside of eating in this hood for a meal other than dinner. I used to come to this Marina Plaza often, for marina market (but i prefer ranch 99), denny's (came here after prom to eat late, but now i go to heidi's), blockbuster (but now i go to safeway for the $1 rentals), sogo bakery, taqueria, tofu cabin, even the ghetto ass quickly's in the way back. It never crossed my mind to try this pho place. My coworkers insisted that we go, we're freezing in the office, and i could definitely use a hot bowl of pho right now. Ordered a #14 small (beef pho with rare meet and tendon), and a ICED (b/c there was HELLA ice) lemon juice. Why i would come here again:Keep in mind i came here with coworkers so they were all getting to go orders at the same time. The restaurant wasn't super busy, so they were able to crank out the to go orders really fast. this is your best bet for some fast pho!the amount of food they give you for a small is a lot, quality of meet and tendon wasn't bad either. The soup was PIPING hot, and i let my lunch sit for like a good 20 mins after getting it. they wrap everything separate (soup, onions meat and tendon, beansprouts jalapenos lime basil cilantro, hoisin sauce) napkin, chopsticks, fork and spoon!Why i wouldn't come here:i wouldn't go out of my way to come here, if i was in the neighborhood, maybe, but the lure of korean food or mexican will probably outweigh my want for pho at this place, so its a toss up. -1 star flavor wise, it wasn't too bad, definitely edible, but the soup base was pretty darn oily (more than i'm used to at least), left that nice filmy sensation in your mouth. pure food coma goodness.-1 star b/c my lemon juice was like 75% filled with ice (imagine my excitement when they handed me this huge cup of lemon juice! and that excitement faded quickly like 5-10 mins later). i do like my drink cold, but it doesn't take that much ice to do that job. lesson learned, you gotta tell them, easy on the ice buddy... make sure you stir the lemon juice a bit with your straw unless you like your first sip to be a straw full of crunchy syrupy sugar, with a hint of lemon.p.s. cash only!p.p.s. they don't give you rooster (hot) sauce with your to go order, gotta ask for it.
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2009,11/24/2009,676,1464,7,13,11>OMG SOOOOOOOooooooo good. It's located in the "older not so posh posh hoity toity" downtown of PA. S and I call this "old downtown" since the facade of the stores look a bit older. We came down here since its only a short drive away and I was craving waffles. Did a quick waffle search on my iPhone Yelp App and found Joanie's with 4 stars! We found parking (miraculously! Since the Farmers Market was still going on...) And was nearly distracted away with all the culinary offerings that the Farmers Market had. A few steps later and we found ourselves at a very packed Joanie's. We put our name down and waited... and waited... It was bustling and packed to the brim. We finally were seated and I got my grubby hands on their menu. Sadly... I was still craving waffles, but their waffle selection seemed mediocre. I can never find a good place where they serve waffles and country potatoes or some sort of combo. If I'm craving waffles, I can only get everything a la carte... Which led me to end up with their crab omelette. OMG. It was divine. The eggs were slightly on the moist side since the tomatoes were super juicy and the whole concoction was slightly wetter than I'd like... but it was completely jam packed with crabmeat. I found the occasional piece of shell but the server told me they were freshly picking through the crab meat in the back and not using the canned stuff. Super happy with my choice... It came with a perfectly toasted English muffin (which I wish they buttered since I was stuck using cold butter and it didn't melt nicely on the muffin) and their country potatoes. The country potatoes were yummmmmy! Another regular stop for our breakfast/brunch joints! So far we're loving the Palo Alto scene!
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2009,11/23/2009,218,255,10,11,9>I've been to Sakoon twice, once for a Yelp event and the second when I setup a birthday dinner for my best friend.   The food is delicious, the atmosphere is lovely and relaxing, and the service from all concerned was amazing (Katie was our waitress and did a fabulous job).Since there was a slight mix-up in our reservation (they wrote down the following night) we were seated in the closed section in the back, which was perfect for our noisy group.  I decided on the Tandoori Lahori Murgh, which is an organic Cornish game hen prepared in spices, lemon thyme, lemon peel and a yogurt marinade.  Great choice, a little spicy, but juicy and tender with wonderful flavor.  The presentation was lovely, as were all of the dished at our table.I was having trouble deciding what wine I wanted and luckily Sakoon offers three wine flights, for indecisive people like me.  I ordered the "Aromatic Whites - Fun Wines" which had a Torrontes, a Viognier and a Riesling.  This was also the perfect choice to go with my dinner!
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/21/2009,11/22/2009,751,680,21,28,28>Need some Japanese food, quick and to go?Don't feel like going to a sit-down restaurant and tip?Did you get skunked at the 6:30PM half-off bento box/sushi melee next door at Suruki Market (or did some Mercedes-driving Asian ladies out-muscle you for that last container of sushi)? Then come to Kaz Teriyaki!They have bento boxes and rice bowls with teriyaki chicken, teriyaki beef, tonkatsu, katsu-curry, katsu don, oyako-don, udon,....... Some of the items are pre cooked, and then quickly thrown on the grill to warm up. Other items such as katsu don are made to order. If I need to get a lunch to go for myself or the family, and don't feel like having sandwiches, I'll come here. Chicken teriyaki is surprisingly moist and tasty. Katsu curry was satisfying. The food here is decent, and the food comes out pretty quick after you order. Prices are reasonable, a good option for take out, but cash only.
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2009,11/21/2009,537,770,6,12,10>I had a day off a several weeks ago, so it was like I want to go where pretty things are. Thus through yelp I found the Pulgas Water Temple! Packed a classic sandwich brown bag lunch and headed over. When I arrived I found... this place is far less majestic than it appears in photos. I mean as beautiful as it is, there's nothing really around it to visit if that's all you're doing for a day. I can see how it's a lovely setting for a wedding however. Also there were people doing construction on the waterway beneath the tower so I suppose it could have been more beautiful at another time?There were other old ladies sunbathing in the grass at the end of the pool and this older gentleman that brought a beach towel out and basically passed out in the grass even though he was already a golden tan. Unfortunately for me there were a bunch of bicyclists sitting on the steps in the shade who wouldn't move for photos. Nevertheless I got a couple good shots in.This place is beautiful, but if you're doing a photo outing near here I'd stop by Filoli as well.
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2008,11/20/2009,358,1030,12,24,18>We weren't exactly familiar with the Lebanese food, but given the high rating on Yelp, we knew we wouldn't be disappointed. And walking out an hour later, we were FAAAAAR from being disappointed. This place has it all together. The food, the ambiance, the service...they're full of warmth and charm. We started out with a basket of warm pita breads dipped in yogurt and olive oil, and it was hard limiting myself to a few slices when they were so yummy... For main, we asked our waitress for recommendations and had the chicken shawarma, two types of lamb (shanks and couscous) and a vegetarian dish (shakshouka with egg). They were delicious - hearty and juicy, and served in generous portions. Again, I'm not familiar with the Lebanese cuisine and the spices and herbs that are commonly used, but whatever they were, these plates were bursting with rich flavors. The two for $25 deal - including appetizer, entree and dessert - is a steal. We're certainly going back for this!
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2009,11/19/2009,75,123,3,5,5>if there is any paradigm in the universe that needs to be explained to me twice before i get it, it's this whole thing about waiting to be seated at a ramen place.  but then again, having eaten here finally, i find my cynicism proven wrong yet again.if you gave me a pile of ramen, some broth, and a fistful of stewed pork, i could make what i ordered.  but it wouldn't taste as good.i thought at first i only kinda liked this place.  but i was wrong - i actually like this place quite a bit.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2009,11/18/2009,896,808,13,26,28>There is currently a shortage of blood, so if you are able, now is a great time to donate. My husband donates blood here regularly, and they treat him well (cookies, videos, trinkets, and such).  My mom, a frequent blood donor herself, is alive because of places like these. An emergency transfusion saved my mom's life about two weeks ago. Today is my mom's birthday. Thank you and G-d bless you, donors.Check it out.  It doesn't take long, and you are saving a life.
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2009,11/17/2009,97,261,7,6,7>Not half bad for the Peninsula. Sadly, that's relatively high praise; we tend to handicap most restaurants outside of San Francisco. But, this will definitely be one for the rotation. B Street and vine is a great way to feel like you're having a nice date night; couples that have passed that luscious newlywed phase can enjoy a nice meal and wine without dropping $150 (reality check!). Aside from the waiter that was clearly stoned, food and wine were delicious. As everyone says, the bruschetta is a highlight: my favorite topping is the green apple, brie and candied walnuts. Sweet and delicious. Salads are large and they'll happily split them for no fee. My favorite way to do it is to share the bruschetta (4 large slices for $12) and then split a salad (Tri-Trip is delish, $11). Add a bottle of wine (starting around $20 for a great Tempranillo) or a pitcher of Sangria ($15) and both of you will be happy.Having been there several times now, the service could really use some help. Timing of dishes is usually way off and the general knowledge about the contents of the wine list is rather poor. But, for a reasonably-price date night, take it with a grain of salt... enjoy the food and have fun!
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2010,9/1/2010,210,226,4,7,5>Reasons why I'm giving 5 stars:There's someone there to answer the phone on a SundayThey work with your schedule and are extremely flexible with timeThey will work out a payment plan if neededYou are told about the price of your work right awayYou don't have to wait to get your crown done. They have a milling machine inhouse.Super friendly, great servicePlenty of parking in the area as well as a private lotTV on the ceiling for you to watch while you get your work doneGreat quality workI had to get a crown for a molar that partially broke off.  Dr.Manzo and his staff were very polite and very straight forward with me.  They told me what I needed, what my options were, and told me what the costs were.  I came back to get the work done and I was in and out within 2 hours.  No temporary crown needed.  Typically after I get a tooth worked on, it feels weird or 'off'. Sometimes a filling could be too much or the teeth are aligned right. I definitely don't have that problem with the partial crown I got from them. I do have more work to do and yes, I will be going back to them.
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2010,8/31/2010,200,281,8,20,6>Wow, this place is so awesome! A cafe that has an outside view of the lake on a beautiful sunny day, and there's like all these kayakers and windsurfers and sailors (sailers? sail-ers?) in the lake. The food is so-so, I had one of their "Today's specials", but I'm like whatever when you get to enjoy an AWESOME view!You can get lessons for those water activities or just rent the equipment here, if that's what you want. It's a really good place to take a walk after you've stuffed yourself with [[mediocre]] food, hiking, biking, and chasing those fking geese...Saw some windsurfers completely topple over... really interesting to watch them get back on their feet.....Food all under $10 & they serve wine and beer.Great experience, would come back again... Food, eh.. whatever
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2010,8/30/2010,896,808,23,31,27>Pilgrim Ktichen makes the BEST donuts around. The BEST.yelp.com/biz_photos/SdzpI emphasize how excellent they are for the following reasons:+ The donuts taste the way donuts are supposed to taste - not like Krispy Krap airy sugar traps, but little fried cakes that are done right.+ The donuts aren't oily and don't leave grease spots in the bag like donuts from most other shops.+ The donuts are fried in canola oil (no trans-fats and better than palm oil, what most donut shops who don't use hydrogenated cooking oil use). Heart health holla! yelp.com/biz_photos/SdzpFor Yelp research purposes, I sampled the cupcakes. The cupcakes were affordable at $1 each, but ordinary and unremarkable. I haven't tried the other baked goods here (pies, cakes, cookies, brownies), yelp.com/biz_photos/Sdzp but Pilgrim Kitchen earns 5 glowing stars for their outstanding donuts.While they're not open 24 hours a day, they've got respectable donut shop hours and are open late. There is a parking lot just off El Camino Real. Cash only.
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2010,8/29/2010,196,204,5,7,7>You guys should know by now, I DO NOT like the words 'small' and 'food' being used together.  That is, until now.  Slider Bar has given me a new perspective on little foods.  And I think I kinda like it!I guess they take the mini theme to the max (hah) here, cause even the menu is small (hah hah!).  There are only like four types of sliders on offer (obtainable individually, in pairs, in triplets, or by the dozen), plus fries, wings, and a slider dog.  They offer soups and salads too but why would you come here for that?  Having stuffed myself the night before at Teske's, my friend and I decided to share (unheard of in my world) some sliders.  We ordered:- 2 Kobe Beef:  5 stars right here.  Nicely marbled, juicy, great unadulterated meat flavor.  - 2 American Classic:  3.5 stars.  These were straightforward and good.  Better than your average burger but not out of this world.  All the ingredients were really fresh tasting.  Crisp lettuce, tomato, and a nice slice of American cheese.   - 1 California Chicken:  4.5 stars.  A nice light patty with a zesty herb blend, avocados, and chipotle sauce on a wheat bun.  Such a winning combination.  I definitely could've eaten half a dozen of these and not felt like a pile of crap after.  - Baked Garlic Fries:  3 stars.  They were good, but the lack of crispiness due to being baked is definitely a let down.  Complemented our food well enough and was just the right portion size.  Best of all, this place is cheap!  All that, along with two Stellas cost $27!  I would've paid the same at Red Robin and gotten inferior ingredients and no beer.  This is definitely a great addition to University Ave, so be sure to check it out.  Great food, nice setting, and low-cost.  Score!
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2010,8/28/2010,1533,1062,15,15,16>Surf & turf at a taqueria?  HELL YEAH!   Finally after months & months of having Ceviche Taqueria bookmarked we finally checked it out!We shared a lobster & steak quesadilla & a filet mignon burrito minus the beans.  Both were totally orgasmic!  The lobster was very flavorful.  The filet mignon was so tender.  It's so different than your typical taqueria, but who cares, because it's delicious!  They also give you a bowl of chips (with refills too if you like) when you dine in and they have a salsa bar.  Prices are a little up there, but totally worth it.The restaurant is nice and clean with a few flat screen tvs on the walls.  One of the owners was so friendly too and we enjoyed exchanging small talk with her.  I have not been impressed with the Mexican restaurants I've been to in years passed in downtown, that being Pancho Villa & Tres Amigos.  So, usually whenever I go out eating in downtown I go for Japanese, but I'm glad that I now can add Ceviche Taqueria to my dining options list for downtown San Mateo.
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2010,8/27/2010,50,154,3,7,4>I have struggled for over a year to find a good Thai restaurant (particularly in Mountain View and Palo Alto) that serves quality "meat" and can actually make it spicy.   Shana Thai is my saving grace.There are a bunch of dishes that I highly recommend but let me just throw out a couple of my favorites:Apps:Crazy bags - the Thai version of minced Chicken wontonsGreen curry roti - spicy green curry sauce with Indian roti bread.  (Not recommended for the health conscious folks.  Tasty but greasy)Main Dishes:Pad See-Ew with Flank Steak  - thick flat noodles with some steak and some vegetables.  Good main course because it is pretty filling (just like a big bowl of pasta at an Italian restaurant)From the wok: the spicy sweet basil or spicy eggplant are good all around choices with flank steak.  You can get these dishes on the spicy side as well.It sounds like from reading some of the other Yelp reviews that you cannot really go wrong here.  I would recommend just getting the regular rice though as opposed to the coconut rice.  The one I ordered at least did not really have much of a coconut taste.  I have been back several times already and will continue to frequent here for my Thai food cravings.
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2010,8/26/2010,69,23,6,6,7>I remember this restaurant from many many years ago. It used to be owned by some pretty creepy chinese men who stared at you as you ate. The change of name, owner, and food overall favored this place tremendously.After reading all of these Yelp reviews I decided to give this place a try, and now I can say I truly like the food. It was a cold Saturday evening and a group of 5 us were escorted into the Restaurant to have dinner. I ordered an order of something that included cooked seafood combined with brocoli and rice. Although the rice was a a little overcooked for me taste I enjoyed the meal. The service was really nice. This place however needs more parking spaces and a little help cleaning their utensils (not the forks,but the sugar things/dispensers etc...). Overall a good experience.
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2010,8/25/2010,75,214,5,12,11>Value.  Given the low prices, I can live with the less-than-fantastic facilities.The prices older reviews quote ($2 Tuesdays, $3.75 other days) are now only available if you use the "Discount Membership Card" ($5), which is good toward 10 tickets.  Otherwise it's $5 per ticket.In other words...- without $5 card:  $5- with $5 card:  $2 Tues, $3.75 any other daySo the card "pays for itself" after 4 non-Tuesday tickets:($5 card) + ($3.75 x 4) = $20vs($5 x 4) = $20... or after 2 Tuesday tickets:($5 card) + ($2 x 2) = $9vs($5 x 2) = $10We thought about catching a movie at the Great Mall, but at $14 per ticket (!), there's no contest.P.S.  The possibly unintentional comedy of the Bluelight Cinemas rap... awesome.youtube.com/watch?v=qGB4
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2009,8/24/2010,634,310,9,10,10>A good hot plain black tea with pearls definitely hits the spot on a cold gloomy rainy Sunday. Like they say, if you have a minor throat irritation, its good to drink tea with honey to help soothe your sore throat. In my case, I was thinking of hot tea with boba. I was in the Mountain View Walmart vicinity last Sunday and I parked near Kohl's to avoid the chaos. As soon as I parked, I looked across the way and saw bright neon signs with Free Internet and Pearl Tea. It was a nice corner location visible to everyone who drove by.If it was a nicer day, the patio seats could definitely come in handy. But since it was moderately raining, their inside seating was very welcoming and provided a good atmosphere to pass time. As I walked in, I saw a nicely interior decorated with an Asian theme. Colorful artwork and paintings hung on walls. Lucky bamboo plants were scattered around the area. There was a side wall dedicated to sports sponsorships from local stores in the area. There was a fully stocked beverage refrigerator and some dim-sum snacks and breads in a glass cabinet above it. They sell teas, sandwiches, breakfast items, smoothies, espresso drinks, and other pearl drinks upon request.I decided to get the first item on their pearl tea list which was a Hot Black Pearl Tea without milk. Price after tax came to $3.  Instead of having their hot tea circulating in a hot beverage container, I watched the barista take the mildly warm black tea to their espresso steam wand to make the tea hot. It only took a few minutes until my drink was ready. The to-go cup was the standard white cup with a white plastic lid and a brown sleeve. With the chewy pearls on the cup bottom, the barista included a plastic spoon tucked between the cup and sleeve. My only suggestion for this establishment would be to use a hot lid that has an opening big enough to accommodate a large straw like Verde Tea. That way, you can enjoy the tea and pearls at the same time instead of having to open the lid to eat the pearls with a spoon. Then everyone can enjoy the tea the same time as the pearls. Other than that, the black tea tasted comforting and lightly sweetened for soothing my throat.A good amount of seating and a fine selection of food positions Pearl Café as a place I can see myself going back to soon to try more food.
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2010,8/23/2010,90,150,8,12,10>Okay, puns suck ass but Baumé truly is da bomb in my neck of the woods.  After reading about this place on my favorite food blogs (shout outs to bunrab.com and foodgal.com), I was dying to try this place.  Plus, it's five minutes away (and I couldn't get into Coi, Manresa, or Commis).  My Yelping has really taken a back seat since I got myself a Bodybugg.  We hardly go out now since I gotta log all the food I ingest.  However, the other night at Baumé, I made a conscious decision to order the fifeen course tasting menu and screw logging my calories for the night!  I won't go into all the details of what we had since the menu changes but we had a great meal and fantastic, well-orchestrated service.  The main differences between the ten and fifteen course menus are that the fifteen has additional desserts and (on this particular night) dishes with prawn, bergamot, salmon, uni, and caviar.  I've had molecular gastronomy before at Alinea and although I found our meal really interesting and unique, I didn't enjoy the taste of everything I ate.  Some stuff was too out there even for me, a self-proclaimed super adventurous eater.  How do you feel about soy sauce and chocolate in your dessert?  Me thinks it's kinda icky.Not the case at Baumé.  I enjoyed everything I ate and wasn't too stuffed when I finished.  Instead of the molecular gastronomy taking center stage (e.g. Wow!  A sphere is exploding hot liquid in my mouth!), the natural ingredients are showcased and enhanced by the kitchen chemistry. I would definitely return in a heartbeat and order the fifteen course menu again.  I like Coi and Manresa a little bit more but I'd return here before going back to Gary Danko or the Dining Room at the Ritz Carlton. Yes, I've enjoyed meals at both places but the food's a bit dated and pedestrian compared to my new faves.  I hope this place stays in business - I love having a yummy, high-end place in the area.  I can't tell you how many times I've said the disclaimer, "well, it's good for Palo Alto..." Baumé is just great.  Period.
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2010,6/20/2010,203,272,4,6,6>Five BIG stars for the Nine Lives foundation for helping me get a feral cat neutered this week. On Monday night my old neighbor Kristin called me with an emergency kitty situation. A friend's friend's friend of hers called her needing help with some very young kittens (about 10 days old) that were found in the insulation of a business trailer at a car sales lot. The kittens wouldn't eat from a bottle, so I told her we have to get the mom (by trapping her), and since they didn't know how to do that, it meant I had to trap the mom!Well, it took a few tries to catch Mommy kitty but luckily we got her, and Nine Lives foundation helped to get one of the male kitties fixed, with a voucher from the Homeless Cat Network. I recognized the founder / owner, Monica, from this time I took my stepdaughter's cat (who later became my cat) to a mobile vet clinic in San Carlos. This cat Milo used to have a tendency to scratch and bite people when he was unsure of his surroundings. He needed shots, and I COULD NOT BELIEVE how Monica came into the car to give Milo his shots and he didn't even flinch when she stuck him with a big needle. She did it so quickly and effortlessly I couldn't believe it. I even asked her for a business card. This woman is like the Cat Whisperer - I would highly recommend her as a vet.But that aside - Nine lives is a really good no-kill shelter and they do a lot to help kitties in the bay area. I'd never even heard of this place till just recently, but they're right on Broadway, just a few blocks north of the main post office. Look for the green awning that says "feline well care clinic."
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2010,6/19/2010,1533,1062,14,14,13>After hearing about Gombei in SJ with their cheap & huge portions I knew I wanted to go & see for myself.  Luckily, I found out about this location.  The bf & I arrived before 8 on Friday night and saw how packed this place was.  One table was open in the front and it was for six people.  We waited around for maybe 5-10 minutes pretty much without being acknowledged, that was the only gripe about that night.Finally we were seated and saw the big menu with many enticing items.  He was tempted to get the #1 special on the dry erase board which had 6 items including chicken teriyaki, pumpkin, sashimi and california roll for under $11.  But we both decided on the chicken teriyaki with fried tofu (agedashi) dinner.  Our dinners were presented on a big tray and our eyes lit up when we saw the huge portions.  For the agedashi tofu they gave us four big pieces of delicious, perfectly fried, melts in your mouth tofu in a wonderful sauce....topped with something that moves when it's cooked...and it's a little creepy, but of course I'd eat it anyways!  This was by far the yummiest agedashi tofu I have ever eaten.  And as an appetizer most places would give you that much and charge you about $5, while our dinner combo was $10 and change!  The chicken teriyaki was plentiful too and I ended up taking home some leftovers.I am definitely a fan of this, what I think is a Korean owned Japanese restaurant, judging by the tofu hot pot dishes on the menu.  Next time more tofu for sure!  I've added another restaurant I can frequent to unleash my inner piggy...on a budget!   *Notes for newbies..--We almost passed the restaurant, be on the lookout since the sign is not that big & the parking lot which is teeny and narrow is easy to miss.--Don't forget the scrilla, because it's cash only!--No reservations, so get there early or come at an off time.--Expect crazy busyness & high table turnover.
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2010,6/18/2010,505,313,5,5,7>Holy Moley!!! Came here to eat with my parents and Jen, we had:- Moo Shoo Roll- Tofu in Clay Pot- Lettuce wrap - Sweet and Sour Vege Pork- and something else stir friedand it's all SOOO delicious! I definitely recommend the Moo Shoo roll. 2 rolls for about $2! I don't know how but this tasty dish was only seasoned with salt! No msg, LOVE =)  This place is pretty small so you may have to wait for a table but it's worth the wait. They have another restaurant in Mountain View which has stronger tasting dishes so if you opt for intense flavors, you may want to try that place out. Personally, I'm the girl who likes dressing on the side (restaurants usually overdo dressing) so I prefer the PA location.The food was great, service is fast and friendly, overall- a great vegetarian dining experience.
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2009,6/17/2010,50,154,3,4,4>Bacon is one of my favorite weekend foods and for the past 4 weeks, I have been stopping by Dittmers every Saturday for a BLT (or two).  This is not your typical bacon fried up who knows when and sitting on the counter ready to be thrown into a sandwich.  For each order, Dittmers takes the bacon strips and cooks them in the microwave for some minutes and out comes piping hot crisp bacon that when thrown on whole wheat with tomatoes, mayo, lettuce and sprouts (extra 50 or 75 cents) combines to make a wonderful lunch sandwich.  Extra tip: During the week, they feature a daily sausage lunch special that is cooked to order in a frying pan.  I was told weekends are just to crazy to be frying up sausages behind the counter.
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2009,6/16/2010,278,355,5,7,6>I came here today for my farewell lunch.  After 9 years I don't get a gold watch or a Bic pen, but I get free food... even better.  I checked the Yelp reviews and trusted Dan V said to get the kurobuta pork chops or the risotto with scallops.  Neither was on the lunch menu, just risotto with asparagus... it wasn't a vegetarian day for me.  I was lost.  Now what?I decided on the "Power lunch" which is a choice of two items in two categories.  But the waitress said the skirt steak was good so I changed my mind at the last instant.  Thankfully.  The soup was a cup... my tapeworm would still be hungry after that and a little entree.  The skirt steak was nicely done, along with asparagus and mashed potatoes.  So it was vegetarian, except for the meat :)The lemonade was not very sweet.  To me that's a good thing, but folks at the table were begging for sweetner.  Agave nectar was generously used by most to sweeten the drinks... not me, I don't need an insulin rush.All in all a good meal.  The halibut looked good too and everyone who ordered it cleaned their plates like they ran out of dish soap.  I'll have to come back and try other things, hopefully in less than 9 more years.
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/23/2010,6/15/2010,293,735,6,8,7>Ordered 1 burrito and 13 tacos for $20.25. I tried carne asada, pollo, al pastor and carnitas tacos. They were all on one plate, so I couldn't tell what kind of meat each was. I suspect my favorite was carnitas or al pastor. Next time I'm going to forego the hot sauce so I can taste the meat more. A couple of the other reviews mention that the tacos are greasy. They are. It's Mexican food from a roach coach...  what did you expect? If you want a frou frou burrito with organic beans, go to Whole Foods down the block. As for me, I'd really like to try the tortas.
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2010,6/14/2010,63,153,4,6,4>A friend was visiting from out of town last night and informed us she was a Vegan. My husband and I had no idea where one would find Vegan food, so she said, no worries, any Asian place should be okay. So we chose Sweet Basil. We were there about a month ago and thought the food was great. We pull up in front and we notice the name had changed to Basil Cha Cha (Sweet Basil moved down a few doors in the same shopping center - both have the same owners, I believe). We sit down and suddenly we realize that the entire menu is Vegan! What are the chances of us finding the only Vegan restaurant in Foster City on the very night we're entertaining a Vegan friend?The menu was quite extensive - everything you'd find on the Sweet Basil menu, just substituted with Tofu. I ordered the tofu duck. It was savory and crispy and in my mind, tasted like real duck, but better.The Pad Thai was delicious and came with tofu chicken. You really can't go wrong with pad thai though, can you?Our friend ordered a red curry with soft tofu - this was also very tasty.The service was excellent and the place was packed. We ate the left overs for breakfast - it was that good. We probably won't become Vegans... but it definitely made the idea of it sound more appealing!
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2009,6/13/2010,1509,3598,5,10,11>i had been looking for an atmosphere like this...a small intimate sushi bar with local regulars and great food talk (arrived close to closing, thus just a couple people present).had the chef's choice A $36which included, katsuo (bonito), hirasama, kanpachi, and kurodaithe white fish were very nice, and better than his maguro, ika, etc.the saba really was excellent, even the mirugai very nice (usually not so much a fan), they put the amaebi head in the miso soupalso tried the grilled beef tongue, which had a nice flavor but was too chewy for me.great menu selection, check the white boardi need to try the homemade curry from here at lunchtime...yum the chicken cutlet curry tasted perfectexpertly fried, moist, and flavorful currychef's choice at lunch ~$20 with maguro, hamachi, sake, albacore (not great), katsuo, ika, hotate (hokkaido), kanpachi, suzuki, ikura
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2009,6/12/2010,1379,168,9,13,12>Hello my dear Bistro Elan,Alas, we meet after how long?  It was only a matter of time until I fell into your graces.  The crisp white linens, long grey drapes and candlelit atmosphere... you do know what a woman wants, don't you?The green olives, mini crouton, and charcuterie not only quenches my hunger, but quenches the thirst of my eyes to gaze upon perfection of cuisine.  Then, to have the olive bread in which the same green olives have been folded into the batter and baked fresh?  *noms.Your amuse bouche of rock shrimp, creme fraiche and chive atop a crostini is deliciously simple, and the smoked salmon atop the "ruffle" chip is just the same.  The salmon shredded to complement the "ruffle" chip is absolutely intriguing.  I smile a sly smile.Your sonoma valley pan seared foie gras is delicious on the juice drenched brioche, perfect with my kier royal and romantic glances over a quaint table for two...Then, the pan seared scallops with wilted spinach and lamb upon a napoleon of celery root?  Gasp!  Intensity, perfection, pure bliss.Quince sorbet.  How did you know?  Quince coulis.  I have no words.  I have nothing but joy screaming from the depths of my heart.I shall be back.  I shall be back for more.Pictures will be posted at tastytwosome.com. :)
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2009,6/11/2010,260,307,4,6,3>First off allow me to state that this is a great place where the booze flows and most of the women are beautiful. The service is pretty good and they have reasonable prices. Friday nights they have karaoke which is pretty fun! The decor is pretty neat here as well. They have a bunch of old pictures, signs and such. Another nifty thing about this place is that they not only have two floors, two bars, a kitchen serving up some good food and finally a beer garden (outside)! I would have given this establishment but two issues really screwed up the experience for me... First off while outside on the upper deck looking down at the beer garden I saw a piece of garbage move. At least I thought it was a piece of garbage... It was a enormous roof rat! Disgusting! I almost lost my liquor! Secondly, about an hour before closing, the parking lot and street out in front get swarmed with San Mateo's finest.  My recommendation to you is to get out early~!
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2010,12/29/2010,117,483,2,13,7>i am actually reviewing the dentistry as a whole. i've been seeing dr. cu's mom, dr. young, since i was 5 or so (20 years ago) so i am very familiar with this dentist practice.dr. young has been very good to my family and is always looking after my needs...believe me, i get a lot of crap for not flossing twice a day. when i'm in her chair, i feel like i can still get all groany and squirmy like i'm still 5 without judgement. through the years, i've watched as she upgrades to the latest technologies and tools...and they are definitely with the times.i have recently had the pleasure of meeting dr. cu and having her work with me a little bit and will look forward to the day when she becomes my primary dentist. as a mother-daughter team, i think they're great and it makes the fear of going to the dentist less frightening.i also can't forget about alma, their assistant. i've known alma since my teen years and she, too, has taken care of me and my family. she makes sure i get in every 6 months and helps work around my schedule. my husband had his first visit today and i can't wait for future kids to make their way into these doors.
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2010,12/28/2010,167,739,2,5,4>Had a beery lunch with co-workers and former co-workers here. The joint was jumpin and hectic - tons of people were there making the most of their lunch break. The service was a little spotty, but understandable since they were so busy.We tried the garlic truffle fries, but really I don't think they were as good as the regular fries that came with the burger. I shared the Director's Cut mushroom burger with one of my companions, and it was great and plenty of food for me, at least for a weekday lunch. This seems like a good place to do happy hour, maybe we will at some point.
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2010,12/27/2010,49,30,11,20,11>I first got a facial with Corey in 2005 as a Valentine's' Day gift from my (then-boyfriend) husband.  As someone who LOVES facials and gets them on a regular basis, I was amazed at Corey's detail to attention (she puts treatment on my lips! she does extractions in my ear!) and facial routine.  She uses both hot stones and cold stones to bring the blood to the surface of your skin and flush out all the badness.  I had never felt so clean and had never received so many compliments on my skin as I did after that first facial with her.  After that, I drove 45 miles from Palo Alto to San Francisco on a regular basis to get facials from Corey.Fast forward 4 years, Corey gets her own practice in Palo Alto! I JUST came back from my facial with her, with an added TMJ release and I feel so relaxed and so balanced.  I leave Corey feeling really good to the core and she doesn't even massage my whole body!  When I receive massages from other therapists, I feel good and relaxed during the massage and even on the drive home.  But as soon as I get home and the stresses of life hit me again, BAM! I feel all twisted and knotted up.  Not after Corey's facials.  The relaxed feeling I have from her, the inner-balance I get lasts a good long time.Routine: She has the most unique facial regimen I've ever experienced.  She uses hot/cold stones and does the best neck/shoulder/arms massage ever.  As mentioned above, she is very thorough in her extractions and even looks in your ears!Skincare: Corey's skin is her own testament to her core belief in good skincare.  She researches and uses only the best products.  My skin has never looked so good.Bedside Manner: Corey listens and assesses your skin before beginning the facial. She is so professional and very immaculate when treating your face, you will never feel cleaner.Clearly, I'm a huge fan of Corey's.  I'm so happy to be able to leave her this review, as a happy client of hers for the past 4 years.
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2010,12/26/2010,505,313,2,9,2>Very cute.This small recently renovated Japanese Ramen with maybe about approximately 10 selections of tapas is a no flairs, yummy ramen quick eats spot.Expect:- Fast and friendly service- Yummy, no frills ramen- Great place for lunchWon't be found here:- Large selection- High-end dine-in environmentThink Japanese Ramen version of Sunny Bowl off Shoreline in Mountain View.
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2010,12/25/2010,74,152,4,6,3>This is some damn good pizza.. its not your typical pizza.. its not super doughy but not super cruncy at the same time.. its a happy medium between the two.. the cheese is good here to.. i like how the place the cheese on the pizza.. orange cheese on the outside and then white cheese in the middle.. i know i know.. random.. but i noticed!  what really sets this place apart is their garlic chips! Shit i could just get that and be happy.. personal cheese is fairly cheap coming in at 6 bucks and the garlic chips are around 8.. but it is hella big.. and did i mention it was "come back from the dead worthy!" this place is big if you feel the need to eat there.. its a lot nicer inside than most other pizza places.. its super dark which is nice in case you had a long night and just want some peace and pizza.. it kinda reminds me of a neighborhood hang out place which is cute.. but in the end.. its about the pizza.. and they know how to bring the heat here.. try it..  you may fall in love like i have..
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2010,12/24/2010,143,314,2,3,3>We came to Bushido for their 1st happy hour last week and had a blast! We sat at the bar and got to know the bartender, Sam.  He is super friendly and gave us great recommendations on drinks.  He tried to crank drinks out as fast as he could and constantly asked us for our opinions.We ordered everything on the happy hour food menu.  My favorites were:-soft shell crab-rock shrimp-California bakePrices were good for the portions of food we got.  Drink prices were good too, $3 well drinks and 1/2 off selected specialty cocktails.  My favorite cocktail was the sake-gria.The only downside is that only a portion of their specialty cocktails were on half price.  I suggested to Sam to offer 1/2 price on all the cocktails.  I desperately wanted to try the "Somthin' about mary" drink but couldn't get myself to pay full price for it during happy hour.  I finally ordered it after happy hour ended.  It wasn't quite what I was expecting, not enough lychee flavors and Sam took notes.  i can't wait to go back and try it again!It would be great if they extended happy hour to 6:30 since it's hard for most people to get off work early enough to enjoy the great prices.  Steve mentioned that it might get hectic since Dinner service starts at 6pm and there would be a 30 min overlap.  Maybe what they can do is limit happy hour prices to only the bar area...(which most restaurants on Castro does).
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2010,12/23/2010,73,510,4,3,4>Gasp!  It's taken me this long to write a review about my favorite Italian place!?!  Nah.. that can't be right.  Must be my subconcious trying to keep this precious pasta place  a secret (and the line for a table short for me).Consistently comforting, decadent and a great value for Palo Alto.  I love the cozy seating atmosphere.  Have you been to Italy?  Recall going to any resturant there where you had miles of space b/t you and you neighbor.  That's another plus about Osteria, the atmosphere, the service, takes me back to the best vacation of my life.I read an article by a chef who trained in Tuscany and came back to the Bay Area.  He said that the Olive Garden was the most authentic Italian cuisine he's tried.  He must work there.To me, this is Italian cuisine that resembles what I had in Little Italy in  NYC and in Florence.  The pasta is to die for and the butter, don't know if that's authentic or not, but I want to ask for extra to take home, it's so divine.  I look for things on my plate to put butter on, fettucini with alfredo and extra butter sauce ?Oh yeah, for those carb limiting dieters, try the salmon with spinach entree.  I have no idea what they do to that spinach, but one forkful and I'm dving into it like it's my last meal.  Must have butter in it.
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2010,12/22/2010,537,770,4,7,6>It has been on my list forever. So when a foodie friend from NYC is visiting and lets me decide where we want to eat that is local to the Peninsula I chose this. That and when I think fancy delicious foods I immediately choose French as my high end cuisine of choice. Everything was so spot on here. When I arrived at around 7pm on a Wednesday night the parking was abundant. Win already. The place was elegantly decorated and service was spot on. Corkage is free on Tuesday, so my friend brought a bottle to share. To start I ordered the Soup of Sweet Corn, because I absolutely love anything that is corn pretty much automatically. It was really a nice way to start the meal.As the main course I ordered the Hawaiian Walu. There were 2 nicely portioned pieces of fish. Some might say it was on the small side, but I thought it was just right to leave room for dessert. The fish was cooked to perfection. For dessert I had a plum tart like thing that was so delicious and refreshing. I was really impressed with Marche. I would definitely go back.
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2010,12/21/2010,493,463,5,7,5>Love. Love. Love Walking into an establishment and being whisked away by the ever so faint scents of rosemary, lavender, basil filling the air!  The lights are set at a pleasant peaceful brightness, not that nasty iridescent lighting you find in most stores.Since Pharmaca recently opened, they are still having some Grand Opening specials - pharmaceutical grade Omega-3 vitamins 2-for-1, D3 vitamins down to $3.49 per bottle, etc...  I felt like a kid in a candy store - only needed a few things, but found myself engulfed in the natural offerings down each aisle and on each shelf.  If you sign up for their Pharmaca rewards plan, you get $$ towards your purchases and if you transfer your prescriptions over, you get $1 off each time.  Small savings, but anything is nice.  Speaking of nice, every single person here is super nice, helpful and full of knowledge.  The pharmacist even came from behind the counter to help me with my questions on Omega-3 options, etc.I see a lot of vitamins in my future ... Oh and natural cookies for the Sadie, even some mags ... I'm digging this place.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/5/2010,12/20/2010,198,505,3,6,4>This is the fanciest pho place I have been to. All I have to say is, sorry Pho To Chau, looks like this pho restaurant will soon put you out of business. The decor inside is not like your typical pho restaurant. The tables inside are a bit reminiscent of the furniture in my own home with the dark brown and lime green decor. My husband had an XL bowl of pho. I think the broth is healthier than the neighboring pho places, plus it tasted a bit lighter as well. I had the #21, five spice chicken with garlic noodles. Mmm... will try to replicate the garlic noodles at home one of these days. It sure makes things a bit harder when a pho restaurant has more than your typical pho and rice plates. We saw the pho challenge bowls, it was insane. Our server told us that 100 people have conquered the pho challenge, two of them being girls. He also added that they were all skinny people. If you lose the $22 challenge, you get to go home with a t-shirt. If you win... you keep the bowl. Is that great marketing or is that great marketing?Unlike a lot of Asian restaurants, Pho Garden accepts Discover (a plus!).
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,10/12/2013,111,134,3,3,4>Favorite place to get banh mi on the Peninsula! I was first introduced to Cherimoya by my sister, whose favorite thing to get here is the papaya smoothie with boba, and we've been going back ever since! The storefront is tiny, with only a counter where you order and one table inside, but don't let that deter you from picking up some yummy food here! What I order:- Tofu banh mi (~$6)- Mango smoothie or Passionfruit milk tea (~$4)The sandwiches are served on a French baguette, which is super crunchy and fluffy, but you can also request whole wheat for an additional $0.25. The toppings are your traditional mayo, cilantro, cucumber, jalapenos, and pickled carrots, but the tofu banh mi also comes with slabs of crispy fried tofu. Deliciousness in a baguette! Every time my sister and I decide to share one, we always are tempted to order another. Drinks are a must here also! The smoothies are made with real fruit and the sweetness level can be customized. I usually ask for half sugar and it's perfect for me! They have recently begun offering milk tea also and both the passionfruit and black milk teas are great! However, you cannot specify how much sugar you would like because the teas might already be pre-made? Still though, nothing is overly sweet and the boba is soft and chewy! The food comes out pretty quick so you can be in and out in 10 minutes! I haven't eaten so much banh mi in my life.
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,10/11/2013,33,231,1,9,2>Tacos Al Vapor is my new favorite taco spot in San Mateo. With all the competition, I really hope this place survives! What sets this place apart from others is the homemade tortillas and grilled meats. I typically order the al pastor tacos on the homemade tortillas (you must specify and they aren't on the menu, weirdly enough). The tortillas are soft and pillowy and meat is grilled and not oily (often a quality of al pastor). I also can't get enough of the pickled onions on the side. I have tried the steamed tacos (which is what they are known for), which are good too, but only come in the steamed meats of beef cheek and tongue. I now prefer this place over the tired El Metate, Las Cazuelas and the taco truck by Bevmo. They are closed on Mondays.
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2013,10/10/2013,128,442,3,6,4>I've driven by this place so many times over the years....never really glanced at it...just figured by the name it was a really small steak place.  Then JP did a groupon deal...and I discovered it was a burger place, and pretty highly rated at that.  So, I did the deal, and the wife and I finally made it in.First thought...the guy who complained that this is a fast food joint.  Um, methinks you were elsewhere.  This is a very nice, modern restaurant with a bar and patio.  And AWESOME waitresses.  Attentive, perky, and always smiling.Second thought....nice menus!  GREAT selection....but then.....I saw it.  Nirvana.  The Ultimate Bacon Burger.  Smoked bacon with maple bacon mayo AND bacon mixed into the sirloin.  O.  M.  G.The wife didn't have nearly the religious experience, and just ordered a cheeseburger.  I ordered, of course, said nirvana, with swiss.  Oh.  And garlic fries.  Can this place GET any more Holy?The food came...rather quickly.  I dug in.  O.  M.  G.  I have found the ultimate burger in the Bay Area.  I am SOOOOO not kidding.  This thing is amazing!  The wife thought her cheeseburger was quite good (rather rare...real cheddar cheese instead of that plastic crap that fast food places use).  The garlic fries were most excellent.In fact, the ONLY ding I can give was that the burger, although ordered as a medium, was more along the lines of well done.  BUT....given the incredible nature of the burger, I've got to let it slide this once.Go.  Order.  Worship.
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,10/9/2013,50,53,13,15,15>I found myself a new mechanic. The search is over, if your looking for an honest mechanic with skills go to Peninsula Automotive Clinic and your car will be in good hands. My driver side window started doing some funny stuff, making strange noises, rolling up and down by itself. What really topped things off was a normal trip to In n Out for burger and fries turned into a trip from hell. Trying to place an order my window stops working only leaving me a small crack to speak out of. After fiddling with the control switch for about a minute the damn window went kaput . The lunchtime crowd was growing and three cars pulled behind me I couldn't back up. I had to open my damn door to place my order.  Next stop- the pay window, I had to open my door again to pay. That's when I  started to get the funny looks.  Next stop- the pick up window, I had to open my door again.  It was awkward and light weight embarrassing so I knew I had to get it fixed ASAP.I looked around and found this place in San Mateo. I dropped my car off and told the guy my window stopped working can you fix it? He ran some tests and kept me up to speed with the parts that needed to be ordered. I dealt with Pablo, he assessed the problem replaced my motor, switch and regulator. He showed me the old unit he pulled out a pointed out where it went defective. He was honest and responsive and really professional. And to top things off they vacuumed my floors and added air to my tires. That was without asking. I talked to Pablo after he repaired my window and the guy is down to earth and didn't mind explaining everything and answering questions. The price was very good compared to what other places were going to charge me. My window worked better than ever and if anything goes wrong with my car I'm taking it to this place.Will I go back? Its a no-brainer. Win-win all day.
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,10/8/2013,220,362,8,14,9>I'm undergoing chemo treatment, and they say to avoid getting manicures and pedicures during this time due to the risk of infection.  I totally get what they say but my little piggies were starting to look pretty gnarly and long enough to snag on the bedspread, and I needed to do something.  Contrary to popular belief, just because I'm Vietnamese doesn't mean my hands automatically know what they are doing when it comes to nails, so I needed to find a professional, but a professional I could trust could be extra clean and sanitary considering my condition.Yelp lead me to Tina, and I'm so glad it did!  Tina is a one woman show in a tiny little office and she's just fabulous.  Even before I told her of my condition, she already had a double lined sanitized footbath, sterilized equipment in a bag, and lined the floor so my bare feet wouldn't touch any nasties.  When she found out, she felt so bad because she *only* disinfected the doorknobs and counters and massage control - she would have done a deep scrub down of the office if she could.  Now that's my kind of girl!  She did a great job with my pedicure, even though I wasn't able to get the full treatment.  She offers first time clients a discount as well as a trial of her scrub and foot mask - a fantastic deal considering her prices are right in line with your run of the mill nail salon (a regular pedicure runs $25)!  So for the same price as sitting in a crowded salon where the women are making fun of you behind your back (hey, I understand Vietnamese, and YES they do think you are a little chubby), you can have a private relaxing nail experience with a sweetie like Tina. :)
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,10/7/2013,905,867,4,13,8>A true treat.  La Viga, located just beyond the outskirts of downtown Redwood City on Broadway Street, had been nixed as a dining destination on a previous visit as we had difficulty finding parking in the area and our limited parking options weren't as friendly looking as the large parking structure located just blocks away in the newly renovated downtown area of Redwood City.But I've had La Viga bookmarked for awhile and after several very positive dining experiences at the up-and-coming Redwood City dining scene (esp Vesta), I knew I would be back.During the lunch hour, the place is quite busy with nearby workers and the metered parking spaces in front fill quickly.  But I was lucky and found a spot and quickly made my way inside.  The interior is clean and neat and the tables are all hardy dark wood with hefty benches.  I knew what I wanted to order without looking at the menu:Chips and Salsa - complimentary and brought out as you're looking at the menu.  The salsa is actually a pureed dipping sauce that has a nice creamy kick and wonderful flavor.  It was actually still warm when brought to my table (with steam visible) and it went great with the chips (and ice cold water). Michelada - La Viga is known for their great drinks and cocktails and it's probably very fun for dinner.  I was curious about the La Culebra (tamarind with snake bite beer) but opted for the Michelada (Bloody Mary with Beer).  It was perfect.  Nice salt rim, refreshing Modelo beer, and a large chilled mug with a huge straw.Culebra - another wonderful refreshment with beer, tamirindo, and lime.  So refreshing.Guacamole with Crab Meat - I didn't know crab meat could go so well with guac but it does.  Pricey at $10 for a small portion, but the chips were perfect with it.Taco de Pescado - ordered a fish taco to sample and asked if they usually fry the fish meat.  They do, but he gladly agreed to grill the meat if I wanted.  I asked for grilled than worried slightly about not just trying their item the way they like to serve it.  It was all for naught.  The grilled fish meat was fresh, tasty and delicious.  The slaw and the sauce was amazing and I really enjoyed it.  One of the best fish tacos I've had.  I liked it better than the acclaimed Dia De Pesca in San Jose.  A steal at $2.75.Caldo de Mariscos - their signature dish.  Prices have risen a tiny amount due to it's popularity but as a fan of soup (see my Pho list) I was looking forward to sampling their seafood soup.  A very large bowl was brought out on a plate with diced green hot peppers, cilantro, and onions as well as two lime wedges.  It's served with warm tortillas, but I enjoyed the entree as a soup.Two large chunks of lightly battered and fried red snapper topped the bowl and they were perfect.  Piping hot, fresh, and flavorful.  The other items were similarly high quality: giant plump prawns, savory clams, and succulent mussels.  Having just had subpar clams the day before, it's a night and day difference.The final exclamation point is the wonderful tomato broth filled with well cooked and fresh vegetables.  This soup is literally one of the best and most flavorful Latin American soups I've had.  Again, I had a similar item at Dia de Pesca and it was bland and one-noted.  It's $17.95 but well worth it.  Paella Mixta - $19.  Filled with wonderful seafood chunks of fish, mussels, clams and more.  The rice tastes fantastic and is a hit every time.  Cerviche Trio - good, but a touch sour for me and a bit too much filler.  I'd skip next time.Coctel de Camerone - similar to the Cerviche in being a touch too sour and a few pieces of shrimp but a lot of tomatoes, cucumber and little avocado.Overall, it was a hearty and delicious meal at La Viga.  I'm so glad I was able to make a return visit and actually sample their delicious food.  It's a gem, not just for Redwood City, but for the whole Bay Area.  This is Latin American and Mexican food done high quality and so right.  I'm a big fan already.If there's any criticism to La Viga, it's that their prices are on the high side.  If you choose correctly, you can have a hearty and satisfactory meal at a good price point.  But if you like to have a few drinks, a few appetizers, a main entree, and dessert, the prices do add up quickly.  I've spent $50/person here and while I don't mind it for great food, the location of La Viga isn't quite that price point.  It will be interesting to see what the prices are for their planned  (nicer) location in downtown Redwood City.  La Viga accepts credit cards, including American Express.
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2013,10/6/2013,322,220,4,4,5>Pretty darn cute for being in downtown San Mateo. The crowd was a bit older, but I much prefer that to trashy high school kids.It was surprisingly packed for a Thursday evening. I was happy to see an impressive wine list (can't speak for the "grain" menu, as I'm not a huge beer drinker), and was even happier to see how generous their pours are. So if you're thinking a minimum of $10 for a glass of vino is pricey, keep in mind you're essentially getting two for the price of one.You could easily forget you were in the suburbs rather than SF while you're here. The reclaimed wood tables and weathered paper menus are a nice touch. While I don't plan on hitting up the bar scene in San Mateo too often, it's nice to know there's at least one classy option.
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,10/5/2013,67,221,5,3,3>They actually suggest that you order from the secret menu! I love any place that clues you in to the existence of their secret menu. Upon it are fish tacos (cod) and that's all I really needed to know because I was psyched.I don't know what happened, but when I bit into my grilled chicken taco, I was magically transported to a land where nothing but the best quick Mexican food existed. How is it that this was pretty much the very best taco I've eaten in California? Was it the double layer of corn tortilla, the inner layer having been fried up a little crispy, and the outer layer left hot and soft? Was it the melty, beautiful chicken that kept developing its full yet piquant flavor with every bite? Were my friendly server and chef recent graduates of Hogwart's School of Culinary Wizardry? I really don't know. But I could hear myself making super embarrassing this-food-is-delicious sounds over the soccer match on their TV and that's kind of telling. So I'm telling *you* to try their grilled chicken tacos. They lost a star for leaving the front door open for a while so their buddy outside smoking could get their smoke all up in my food. Yes, they closed it, eventually.
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2013,10/4/2013,676,1464,4,12,9>I used to be a HUGE fan of Road Runner Sports in San Diego. Sadly, they seemed to have all the pretty bells and whistles and not much in terms of brain power. I was fitted with a pair of Nikes years ago and after 3 months of working out and jogging in them, my toes started hurting. After searching for running stores on Yelp, I stopped in on my lunch break since I was attempting to work out in my comfy walking shoes. Marc and Faisal were in the store and Marc fitted me with a great pair of Brooks. Marc first started off by measuring my feet and then having me walk up and down the store to study my gait. Psh. Road Runner and your fancy treadmill + camera, you got NOTHING on these guys! Immediately I was diagnosed with slightly rolling my feet inwards. I was then presented with 6 options to try on and the first shoe was the charm after trying on 5 pairs. No fancy bells and whistles because they use their experience to fit shoes! Would you go and punch in your ailments and let a computer run an algorithm to diagnose your illness? I wouldn't! I'd be at a medical specialist! Same thing with running shoes... GET FITTED PROPERLY WITH THE RIGHT PEOPLE!!Prices were right on target with MSRP but with the AMAZING help of a mom and pop store. Seriously! The people here love what they do, have a huge understanding of shoes and feet and gait!Extra points for being a local mom and pop store and having great running meet up events multiple times throughout the week!Thank you so much!
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,10/3/2013,169,398,7,8,8>Draeger's is THE best for specialty products. Do you want that hard to find whipped cream? (Yes, this is me!). Only at Draeger's. A huge range of salad dressings you can't find elsewhere? Draeger's has your back!And a journey into the never ending lane of mustards, sauces, and marinades? They never end at Draeger's. But, this quality and quantity doesn't come without a price so be prepared to cough up some dinero. Eight dollars for one of these sauces can be the norm.Bins: They still have great candy bins primarily filled with jelly bellies, some chocolates, and a couple of other unique candies.Hot Food Bar: Non-existent. This is one of the drawbacks of Draeger's that I previously mentioned. They do have a cold case with some interesting salads and products, but nothing that I really rave about. Salad Bar: Draeger's has a very extensive salad bar with interesting items. I usually frequent this area. Depending on what you put in, as it is priced by weight, it can get expensive. Go light on the heavy tomatoes lol. Produce: Yay for the cherimoya and a very extensive produce section! Draeger's is one of the only places with this tropical fruit that tastes like a pineapple gummy bear!Samples: There are always dessert samples right at the front, sometimes fruit samples. cheese samples, and random cold items. Score!Bakery: Omnomnom. Oh gosh, just delicious! The cookie prices aren't half bad either! Parking: Draeger's has its own lot which is never completely full. Especially by like 7:30 PM when Downtown is surprisingly like a ghost town. My dear Draeger's, I thank you for your array of specialty products. I wouldn't survive without at least a trip for those!
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2007,12/31/2007,73,163,13,8,8>I miss my Ramen shoppes near my mama's home!  (Such as Tantantei, Ho-pukenn, Bubuka, and Taisyoken: they are all Inogashira-train line).  I miss them sooooo much for not only how their Ramen tasted but the experience of eating Ramen in Japan.I was very agitated while I was at Santa Ramen today.  Because...1. A girl next to me at the counter had 2 cell phones...  Then she answered and talked on the phone at least 3 times then put on a speaker phone!  NO TALKING after receiving Ramen PLEASE!!!  You came to eat noodle right? why you need to talk on the phone.  Your mission is to eat the noodle ASAP before the noodle suck up all the broth.  That means you need to eat all the noodles within 6 minutes maximum.  Then, you finish the soup.  Then you leave,  Then you talk. 2.  The girl asked a waitress for a straw for her soda.  - Ok Soda doesn't go with Ramen...  and you asked for a straw and complained when they said they don't have one?  PLEASE  I believe, water, cold light flavored unsweetened tea or cold beer are the only beverage choices to go with Ramen.3. PLEASE no bitching and whining when some thing is sold out.I think customers at Shinsengumi in Torrence, CA behave much better (at lunch time since they become more like Izakaya at night).  I think the atmosphere of the restaurant and efficiency of the employees make the whole experience closer to the ones in Japan.Why Santa takes over 20 minutes to bring out the Ramen?  Ramen only takes 2 - 4 (very very thick one) to cook and Ramen shop usually have boiling broth already ready during their business hours.  So why do they take over 20 minutes?  That is why there is always a line outside... If they were in Tokyo with the high rent, they will not survive with that turn around rate.  And please do not make Curry Ramen.  That is wrong.No I'm not PMSing....  Let me stop talking shit...  I actuary liked their Ramen because...1. Noodle were cooked nicely.  Not too soft like Tanpopo.2. Toppings are "right" combination (most part). 3. The bowl and soup were very hot (the way they suppose to be). 4. Broth is flavorful (for the US) and right saltiness.  Yes I'll go back to Santa.  But next time, I'll bring gang of well behaved friends with me to have a better surrounding.
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2007,12/30/2007,658,593,8,12,12>It's really out of my way to get breakfast here but I do crave for it a lot! They have about 4 locations and one of them is located in Hayes Valley, but I haven't been there yet. Stacks is on my top to go breakfast spots. Weekends can be a drag to get up since you wanna sleep in after a long work week.. but if you want some good breakfast and not wait, get up early because there could be a wait on weekends! But during your wait, they serve you complementary coffee!I noticed every time I come here, I usually like to order the same things over and over again. Pancakes are always a good choice. The short stack, 2 @ $2.25, is always fluffy, with butter melting over he top, with a layer of maple syrup on top, I'm in breakfast heaven!Eggs - I like mine scrambled, nothing out of the ordinary. The thing I really liked about their eggs is that they are not loaded with grease!Chicken Apple Sausage - OMG! I wish I could have these everyday!Potatoes - semi-graded potatoes with some seasoning. Not my favorite. I wish it would of had more taste to it.. They have a lot of different menu items ranging from old fashion waffles, omelette's, pancakes, fritattas, french toast, HEALTHY BREAKFAST ITEMS!, and crepes. All are very reasonably priced!!! I can't wait to go try out the one in Hayes so I don't have to wake up 1 hr earlier just to come here...
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2007,12/29/2007,399,555,15,19,15>If I could issue six (or more) stars, I would do so in a heartbeat. My regular vet referred me to Veterinary Vision last summer when Baxter was diagnosed with some serious issues in his right eye. I took him to their peninsula office for his initial consultation and have since been going to the San Francisco satellite office (which is available three days per week) for treatments and follow-ups. Dr. Mughannam is the absolute best and not only has a Boston Terrier of his own, but I always leave there feeling like he has imparted some of his vast expertise to me. He really takes the time to explain all of the clinical hoo-ha in layman's terms, and avails himself to his patients like a saint. As a highly emotional pet parent when faced with anything scary, I am SO very thankful to have this team of wonderul, dedicated specialists in mine and Baxter Boo-Boo's lives.
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2007,12/28/2007,78,88,5,6,6>Dear Reader,Few things make my puritan work ethic feel conflict as much as a late breakfast or brunch.  Why you ask?-It's half way through the day and I have not accomplished anything...even eating breakfast.-I'm paying someone $15 to fry up some eggs and veggies for me. (oh, crap, I better go back to work to pay for that); -Brunch is inextricably linked to post-eating shopping.  If Mimosas were involved, post-drinking drunk shopping; and -If I attended church, brunch time would surely eat into my one-on-one time with the Almighty.But, this guilt is not enough to overcome my longing for Alana's oatmeal pancakes...their specialty.  They put cooked steel cut oatmeal into a lightly sweetened pancake batter.  The result is an indulgent little treat that needs no syrup, or butter, but what the hell, if your going to indulge, go full throttle, so pour it on baby.They have other options like the Farmer's Plate (eggs, veggies, potatoes) as well as the typical fare.  Also, be forewarned, this is the tiniest little restaurant around.  If you sit at the breakfast bar, you will end up smelling a bit deep-fried.  Last time I was there, the bathroom door wouldn't lock, or even shut entirely...it was a cruel joke and I had to use my contortionist skills to ensure that no one would pop-in at an inopportune moment...So reader, if Alana's can resolve such conflicts of my soul, don't you think it's worth a try?Oh, and please make a res  if you're over 2 people, it's tiny remember, and space is precious in this little gem.
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2007,12/27/2007,399,1188,3,11,10>An unseasonably warm and sunny day in November?  So much for hiking in South Bay.  Guess it's back to Pacifica...Sweeney Ridge is possibly even better than Mt San Bruno if you want some 360-degree views of the bay area.  Just about the only thing you can't see up here is downtown SF (behind Mt San Bruno).  But you can see just about every single city block from San Mateo up to Daly City, plus the East Bay, Marin, Montara Mountain & Pacifica, and the San Andreas Reservoir.  There's even an up-close view of the San Francisco Jail.  It's actually a pretty surreal environment, because for all the grand views, the immedate scenery is strikingly barren.  If you hiked it in the wind and fog, you'd probably feel lost on the moors of England or something.  The one exception is the dramatic descent into "the notch", a cleft in the ridgeline where they clearly have to work hard to keep the trail from being overgrown.I started the hike at Skyline College and went south to the Discovery Site and back, which is a round trip of 4 miles.  Looks like you can also start at Sneath Lane, which is the south end.
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2007,12/26/2007,1241,362,4,10,10>3.5 stars really. Went here today for a really late lunch (I ate at a restaurant on Veterans Blvd on Veterans' Day! There are 2 other locations, one in North Beach and the other in Napa). When my friend and I arrived at 3PM, there was a line out the door! (The place was on KQED's Check Please on Nov 2: blogs.kqed.org/food/?p=4). It took about 20 minutes before my friend and I were able to get to the counter and order and get one of the two tables outside. While we waited, they were nice enough to ask us our drink orders. I'd heard that the New England Clam "Chowdah" was disappointing, so instead I had the Lobster Bisque, $7 for a cup, which came in one of their mugs ($5). Quite yummy, especially with the Westminster crackers, baked in Vermont. They were out of the Steamed Mussels with White Wine and Garlic Butter that my friend wanted, so we settled for the steamed Maine Mahogany clams aka quahogs (hardshell clams; A mahogany clam is a marketing name for small ocean quahogs) , $12.75. They came with a toasted, buttery, hot dog -style bun, the same kind the lobster rolls come in. Speaking of the lobster rolls, executive chef and owner Russell Deutsch offers them in a Double Play, two lobster rolls of your choice in one basket for $33; they actually come in separate baskets, and individually they cost $17.75, and come with sweet pickles, cole slaw, and potato chips. These lobster rolls are the reason to come here, are a must-have, and totally worth the price. Imported Maine lobster is mixed with Hellman's mayo (very lightly), green onions, salt, and pepper, or available naked with sides of mayo and drawn butter, inspired by the rolls at Jake's Lobster Pound in Nantasket Beach, MA. This is what a lobster orgasm tastes like! And to wash it all down, I had capt'n Eli's Blueberry Pop, brewed and bottled in Portland, Maine, $2 (there's also blueberry wheat ale on tap, as well as Sea Dog and Shipyard IPA). My friend and I observed that the carbon footprint of this place must be extraordinary, what with everything being imported, the only thing local I noticed was the malt vinegar from Rancho Cucamonga, CA. But who cares when you're having a lobster orgasm? Even more ironically, an H2 Hummer pulled up right in front of the restaurant, its license plate reading "HUMNJAG", and the driver even reparked the thing so that it fit correctly between the lines (well, it was more to allow the passenger side to open). Two older women got out and walked in. At least they knew how to drive the thing. Compare that with the misparked passenger car straddling the lines of a compact parking space. But none of that will matter, because the lure of a lobster orgasm will have you wanting to "bang, bang, bang on the door baby" of this lobster shack!
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2007,12/24/2007,618,1242,7,4,6>Half of my club sandwich is staring me down as I type this review.  If it had a voice, it would be laughing, "That's all you got?"  It's got thick slices of cheese, a few thin slices of ham and turkey, peppers, sprouts, tomatoes, mayo, Dijon mustard, cucumbers, and a few other greens in there.The club is about two inches tall.  That's pretty tall considering the bread is squished flat as they pack this sandwich down.  It's even taller considering that it's intimidating me.  But one thing is certain: There's only room enough for one of us in this cubicle.  At $6.25 a pop, it's definitely worth the showdown.
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2007,12/23/2007,114,142,,8,5>Day #3 of re-opening. Ambience: I think the restaurant is now a little over twice the size it was and everything is brand new. Definitely not as quaint but much more spacious. We waited 30 minutes to get seated at dinnertime. You now have to stand in line as they are no longer using a sign up sheet. Once you get to the head of the line, a server comes to take your order before seating you, without handing you a menu...they assume that everyone is a regular and already know what they want (which is probably the case)!Food: same items on the menu but the prices have gone up a little, I think. A bowl of kimchi pork ramen is now $10.50 and the grilled squid appetizer is $7.50. The ramen was good although not as good as usual. Nothing new there, they also had slightly off nights at the old location.
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2007,12/22/2007,126,107,11,3,6>I used to have a job that required buying cakes on a nearly weekly basis. This was my absolute favorite bakery because the cakes are beautiful and impressive. The swedish princess cake is wonderful. Last February, I ordered a heart shaped cake for my sweetheart, dressed in pink marzipan with something cheesy and mushy written on top. I ordered this cake a few weeks before Valentine's day b/c they get pretty busy. During that time, the boy and I got into a fight because he said he'd do something with me for Valentines, only to renege a week later due to the fact Valentine's is just a marketing ploy by Hallmark. (Ok, fine. but Hallmark wouldn't need to invent holidays if guys knew how to be romantic in the first place). Since the cake was paid for, I picked it up and left it in his refrigerator, then left to spend Valentine's with my girlfriends. And you know what...he ate the whole thing. By himself.It was a good tasting cake. Or so he told me.
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2007,12/21/2007,80,116,1,10,8>4 1/2 Stars!  What a wonderful dining experience!  I was pleasantly surprised to finally stumble into Vigonier after having on my dining radar for many years.  Viognier delivers a warm welcome the minute you enter the dining room.  The service is attentive, but not stuffy or in your face.  The wait staff is polished and appear to have an intimate knowlege of the items on the menu and are eager to share each and every detail about each dish.  The Sommelier makes a point to come to each table and introduce himself and offer his advice on your wine selection.  The menu at Viognier is always evolving which is a draw for me to come back and taste the new and exciting food selections.  My only complaint would be the lighting in the main section of the dining room as it seemed a little bright.  I was fortunate enough however to be seated along the wall next to the windows where it was nice and quit and perfectly lit.
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,4/2/2014,275,494,4,7,6>I used to come here for lunch on Sundays after church but it's been a while and my coworkers asked me out to lunch here today. It was my first time for weekday lunch and I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by their menu prices. A lot of the lunch items are under $10. There are two items that were $6 which we ordered!! Both were rice bowl dishes came with sliced marinated beef. The beef was flavorful and the portion was perfect for lunch. One coworker ordered the teppanyaki that came in a sizzling plate for just $8 and came with rice, soup and kimchi. Very very very good deal, unheard of for Menlo park!The restaurant was not crowded but not empty.. Service was friendly and courteous. We shared an order of Honey toast $8.95. It was huge.. Good for sharing. It was yummy too even though the idea of the dish is quite simple... Just two thick pieces of toast, toasted that the outside was a bit crisp and the middle part of the toast was carved out in cubes, served with two large scoops of ice creaming drizzled with honey. Yummmmmmmmmm!!!!We will certainly come back here more often during slow time at work (it's a bit far from my office) .The restaurant is pretty elegant too, good for business lunch.. Although depending on what you order, you might smell like BBQ after lol.
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,4/1/2014,227,292,3,6,4>Same owners as Talk of Broadway and the sushi place next to it.  Gavin? is a great host.  We only waited about 10 minutes for a table on a Friday night.  He let me try some wine while we waited as I was trying to decide what to drink.  The young server was very nice and attentivie.  I had the sliders which were delicious.. we also had  shrimp scami appetizer which was also good.  Great new addition to the downtown restaurants.  Cant wait to go back and try something else there.
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,3/31/2014,349,263,9,11,10>O.M.Geeeee! Ermahgerd! Yummers! Deeeeeee-lish! Ahhhhhh!Favorites: Mentaiko pizza - super SUPER greasy, but it's crispy, salty, cheesy. This would pair perfectly with a cold beer! I wouldn't really consider this a pizza, though...maybe an open-faced Japanese quesadilla? The mentaiko pizza is so tasty, you might consider cheating on your diet with this seriously guilty pleasure.Unagi Meshi - Unagi clay pot with rice with the side of dashi soup. Soooo good.  Love the salty, savory, sweet flavor profiles. Especially pleasurable on a cold, rainy day or any day you need a pick-me-up!Complimentary green tea, plus plenty of attentive refills!Okay: Hamachi carpaccio - hmm...not bad, a little salty, but didn't do anything for me. Kaiso salad - beautiful presentation, with a good mix of baby greens plus seaweed, but as much as I love salad, I wouldn't order again.Hotate Tomato - pan seared scallop & roasted tomato in shiso-pesto yuzu. This dish features a delicious combination of flavors, but I would have liked a crispy seared crust on the scallops. The scallop and tomato was difficult to pick up with chopsticks...I had to use the "stab" method!Jako Mentaiko Meshi - dry fish & spicy cod roe clay pot with rice. Delicious and full of umami, but the Unagi Meshi is the clear winner for me!The desserts are on the smaller side... Green Tea Creme Brulee - yumBlack Tea Mousse - yum :) Less sweet than the Green Tea. Friendly, attentive service. If you are in the mood for Japanese izakaya, and have some $$ to burn, you can find a deliciously superb meal at Gochi Japanese Fusion Tapas!
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,3/30/2014,171,226,4,17,7>My favorite Turkish/Mediterranean restaurant. I actually prefer some of their dishes to food I had in Istanbul this past spring.  It gets quit busy so make sure to reserve a table ahead of time on the more popular nights (Thurs - Sun).  I have eaten here many times and tried several dishes but I keep going back to the same thing....  Try not to fill up on the warm bread they serve you with olive oil and balsamic vinegar dipping sauce so that you have some room for the main courses.   The appetizers are good--I've tried the falafel which was quite good and the Lahmacun "lamb pizza" which was interesting to try once but I probably wouldn't order it again-- but the main dishes is where Sultana really shines. 1) The Pomegranate KebabThis is simply the best dish at this restaurant and comes recommended by all the servers.  The menu description is: "Ground lamb & beef wrapped with spinach over garlic yogurt topped with pomegranate sauce and pomegranate seeds served with rice" but it does not capture how well all the components of this dish go together.  The sauce is to die for and every time I order it, we send the plate back clean. I would probably lick the plate if it was socially acceptable. 2) The Pistachio KebabThis is a close second to the Pomegranate Kebab. "Seasoned spicy minced lamb and beef mixed with pistachio served with rice and grilled vegetables".  The meat is so juicy and full of flavor.  I always wish I could order two portions for myself whenever I dine at sultana.   Comes with a nice selection of grilled veggies on the plate. Yum! 3) Divan Kebab"Spicy seasoned minced lamb and beef  grilled and rolled in lavash bread with mozzarella cheese and fresh tomatoes baked in the oven served with sauté  spinach and yogurt (Chicken also available)" This is also  one of Sultana's most popular dishes and is delicious if you love cheese.  I've tried both the chicken and lamb/beef versions and prefer the lamb/beef version.  I think the chicken just tends to be a bit drier in comparison.  I am not the hugest cheese fan so I'll order the alternative "Beyti Kebab" which comes without cheese and without spinach.  I'll usually come with a friend and we will share an appetizer, the Pomegranate or Pistachio Kebab and either the Divan or Beyti Kebab. I've tried the chocolate baklava once and it was just okay.  Perhaps we were too stuffed from the meal to really appreciate the dessert.  Definitely one of the best restaurants in downtown menlo park that has great food, great service, and a nice ambiance.
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2013,3/29/2014,113,362,6,8,6>As a Bay Area native, I confess I mourned the passing of the See's Candies that had been in this location for a long time. But truth be told, I sort of knew it would happen eventually; there's a See's at the mall, rent downtown can be pricy, and the service was, at best, meh.For this reason, this loyalty to See's made me reluctant to enter Sharona's for a while. But tales of fondue parties and locally made chocolates eventually drew me in. And once I'd entered, I no longer rued the passing of (this) See's.Ya see, Sharona's local, too. And she makes some pretty fantastic chocolates! I love the big candy cups filled with chocolate and peanuts or almonds. But you'll also find gorgeous truffles in many different flavors. If those don't suit you, never you worry; you'll find SOMETHING, because she offers quite the selection.More of a bar person? Sharona makes bars! And she sells super brands like TCHO (watch out for the Blue Bottle Mokacchino bar!), Moonstruck, and Chocolove -- with several varieties available. Not into chocolate? Well, there's something for you, too! Gelato! And macarons! Not sure where she sources those, but they were cute, too.And... parties. If you want chocolate decadence, arrange a party here. For a fairly reasonable price per head, you'll have tons* (OK, I doubt it's "tons," but you get my meaning) of chocolate and dippers at your disposal. I haven't done so yet, but man... sounds like an experience to me!   If you're downtown and need a chocolate fix, stop into Sharona's. Tasty goodness to suit just about anyone's chocolate cravings!
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,3/28/2014,305,547,7,10,8>Late last night, my car was the target of 20 friggin pigeons who decided to relieve themselves on my brand new white baby. Did some Yelp research to find a car wash near my apartment and came across Jack's... saw that there was a coupon listed on their website, so I mentioned it to the cashier before purchasing my wash. He said the discount didn't apply to the cheaper washes, but he gave me a $3 discount anyway.As my car was exiting the washer, one of the employees knocked on my window and told me they'd re-wash my car again because all of the bird crap wasn't removed. So, I got two car washes for the price of one (and a discount at that)! I thought that was really awesome and a great act of customer service - offering to do the right thing before I even had to ask. It doesn't get any better than that!
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,3/27/2014,1556,579,14,17,17>Holy S***! I don't think I've ever had a messier start to a new year. I frantically called for what I thought would be a quick snake to the shower and wound up with my boyfriend's recently purchased home needing a whole new sewer line to the street! I needed a company in Menlo Park, who responded that Saturday morning, and could come out, pronto! As soon as Gary picked up, he communicated well. He even showed up earlier than projected. He was very thorough when it came to explaining what was happening and fair when it came to all the unexpected costs.Not only would I highly recommend but I would strongly suggest you contact Gary and his team for any and all of your plumbing needs, big or small.
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,3/26/2014,64,375,2,9,7>Very serene setting amidst sharon heights golf and country club. Hubbie and I shared the flank steak salad and the special of the day chicken meatball with polenta. It all tasted fresh and delicious. Sauce over meatballs was excellent. Other dishes on display looked really good.The people who work in this area are lucky they have this place as an option for lunch! I would come here all the time!
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2014,3/25/2014,41,138,4,16,7>At first I was lost as at why Delfina Burlingame only has 3.5 stars... (seriously people?) I was starting to think that peninsula folks are missing the mark on this SF staple. Because, lets get things straight...this isn't your typical ma' and pa' pizza joint. It's true: the pizza is darn good. fresh, crispy, and interesting seasonal toppings. The experience: Recently my husband and I dined here and 10 minutes after getting seated I started to see what other Yelpers were referring to: poor service (or lack of), quality control on the food (nothing near the delish food in the city), loud annoying kids everywhere (okay, not delfina's fault)...It took us 10 minutes to get a server to us. The young lady that was our server served us a load of attitude served with a side of more attitude. The food: The menu offers a variety of options, but you should at least order a pizza (Panna pizza is good...amazing at the sf locations...again, quality control). The burrata and sardines area must try. Will I be back? Perhaps. Maybe once more to see if this was just an off night...So why the 4 stars? because 3.5 isn't an option and because I'm a fan of Delfina in the city (I used to live a few blocks away from California street location and would frequent very often) I think this location does have potential. Good luck Delfina...maybe take notes from your better halves in the city (ie. train your people on customer service....)
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,3/24/2014,153,133,5,9,7>Visited Paul Martin's on their first operational Saturday evening and I have to say we were very impressed. Sophisticated ambiance with a friendly feel; a "Norm!" experience after a few visits wouldn't be too far fetched.The wait staff was very attentive without becoming overly intrusive; they had a good understanding of the menu and were very friendly. The management staff was out in force watching, correcting and chatting with guests. We were seated in a comfy booth that gave us an excellent view of the bar area. The dining room layout is rather busy but again not intrusive; we were able to hold a causal conversation without raising our voices.Food was excellently prepared and presented. OMG the Roasted Butternut Squash Soup was amazing; took one sip from the wife's bowl and almost mugged her while getting more!The skirt steak was cooked perfectly and the roasted sweet potatoes were fabulous; they could easily be on the appetizer menu. Pork chop was perfectly cooked medium rare and was very moist. I have to say that the hoisin sauce tried very hard to over-power the meat, next time I;ll request SOS.Free valet is a huge bonus considering parking looks limited. Exit Ambassador really wanted to get your feed back; cool idea which should pay back huge as they settle in.I'm giving Paul Martin's a conditional 5 stars as there were a few "Start Up" hicups; minor overall but not good for such a nice place in the long run. We'll be back to follow-up!Cheers!
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2013,5/22/2014,77,335,,4,2>I really like the girls at Forever Nails. I think they do a great job and the prices are great too.They do everything from gel nails, regular manicures, pedicures to nail design.What I like about this place is the amount of time they take for any service. I never feel like they are in a rush and trying to get to the next client. They rarely turn people away and give pretty accurate wait times.Personally, I recommend getting an appointment. I do a lot of walk-ins but appointments are better if you like a certain nail tech.I usually get a French pedicure and they can last me two weeks without a chip!Occasionally if I messed up a nail, I've gone back in and they've fixed it for me. (Repairs need to be done within two days, I think)Though everyone is great and does a wonderful job, I am extra fond of Tina for pedicures. She doesn't seem to mind if I'm doing work and I don't talk much.One of my favorite thing at the shop is the massage chairs. I could sit there for days.
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2014,5/21/2014,158,133,,17,6>This place hasn't even been open one full month yet, but business seems pretty good. Don't discredit the hype - with a nice beer selection and tasty snacks and burgers that amount to a filling (although heavy) meal, there isn't really a place along Castro that's like this one (as opposed to the multiple pizza, milk tea places). The staff was also accommodating to our large group of 8 which ended up ballooning into about 16 by the time we were finished. This probably could not have been done any later than 6ish in the night, especially on a Friday.Favorites of the night: - furikake fries. I still get hearts in eyes when I think of the furikake popcorn from Roy Choi's A-Frame in LA. This dish reminds of me of that and the flavor is nice. - karaage chicken bao, pork belly bao, and duck confit bao were all very tasty. I am partial to duck in general but all were pretty great. - *220 slider* = possibly my favorite of them all. eagerly imagining what the 220 burger will be like! Hoping this place continues to do well. Interested in seeing what the beer rotation will be like. Still wishing/hoping to find a place out here with Michigan brews...
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2013,5/20/2014,141,329,2,5,3>I've brought my VW Passat here a couple times now and these guys are always great. They're very good about communicating and not pushy at all when they see stuff on my car that needs attention. Just recently it was getting toward the end of their Friday and I swooped in with a minor air hose issue. They were real champs and helped me out! If you want great service by some really stand-up guys, check our Burlingame Independent!
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,5/19/2014,132,97,,8,3>I love Lozano's! They are a South Bay tradition. The friendliest people wash your car and they really have the production line down to a science so you get a lot of clean for your money. They're so efficient, even when the place is packed, which it usually is.It's quite the production and young kids like watching the cars go through the wash -- not to mention the one cent horse ride and free hot, fresh popcorn. Not to mention they're crazy honest -- after 24 years of patronage they dented my mom's car (something was bound to happen after that long, right?) and they not only took complete ownership, they had the cash to my mom within the week -- no need for hassling or reminding them -- they made sure it was as easy as possible for her.Pro-tip: Go on Tuesday or Wednesday off peak hours for a crazy discount -- you'll pay just $11 for the best car wash!
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,5/18/2014,321,372,4,6,5>This lovely little nail salon just a few blocks down from my house has many advantages, other than the fact that it is just a few blocks down from my house. These include: Spa Chairs! I love Spa chairs. They massage me with looooove. New nail polish! No old, separated clumpy nail polish here. No sir-ey. All fresh and new. Modern decor. Like, this century. Amazing as it sounds. Though I am also a fan of the 1800's, I am glad they chose to skip over the 1970's and went strait to the 2000's. Nice people. You can talk to them, and they respond, and carry on conversations, and seem interested. Not even for a bigger tip. Well, maybe for a bigger tip, but that could just be a wonderful acting job...Did I mention the SPA CHAIRS? Heaven, I'm in heaven...
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,5/17/2014,437,748,4,6,5>The only way to really describe this: the color run without the run! Well, there was little bit of running... when everyone is chasing you trying to throw colored dust in your hair, face, clothes...Asha Holi is an Indian holiday where they celebrate spring! You go to this big field and they give you colored chalk/dust and literally run around throwing it at EVERYONE! Even people you don't know! I guarantee that you will be covered in a matter of minutes! I went with just my one friend and we were worried that we would just be throwing it at each other, but everyone there (it's mostly college students) is super friendly and loves getting you covered in color. Watch out though - I've have my fair share of random people touching my hair and even smashing some dust in my face! Just a little TOO friendly at times...Tips for going:- If you're driving, there's free parking next to the field, but bring a plastic cover or towels or your car will be covered in colored dust!- Bring bags or cups or something so you can collect your powder so you can wander around instead of trying to hold it all in your hands- There are water stations which is really nice to have - you will most likely need it if you get the dust in your mouth or eyes- Bring cash - they have really good Indian food at a really affordable price (especially for a festival!)- Watch the performances and get your dance on!- Make sure you stop by the photobooth and take some pics!- If you're using your phone (or camera), cover it in plastic. It will get dirty.- Get your tickets once they say you can purchase them- I heard it gets sold out quick!- The proceeds go to supporting education projects for disadvantaged kids and I always love supporting a good cause!Overall, I had and awesome and fun time and i'm so going back next year!
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,5/16/2014,809,645,9,15,10>Hubby and I were in the mood for food. Well, not just any food, but Sunday brunch type food. So of course we jump onto Yelp and start digging away for a new place to partake. Low and behold, we stumble upon Whispers. Now, although the name may make you want to lower your voice, I say shout out to the rafters that this place is hopping with good food and great service. Walking up to the restaurant was a bit intimidating.  The line was LONG. Being Whisper virgins, I had to scope out the place and figure out the right way to approach things.  Turns out the line goes to where you place your order, they take your money, hand you a number and the food is brought to your table.  Since we were absolutely starved for instant gratification, we chose to pass on the cute little tables, both inside and out, and instead belly up to the bar for quick service. They have a full bar and the waitress behind the bar was awesome. Busy as she was, she never missed a moment to chat or make sure we had everything we needed to make our breakfast enjoyable.  Her laugh was absolutely contagious and we did everything we could to hear it often.  Hubby and I both enjoyed our meals.  Of course I ordered a delicious Benny that was served up hot, fresh and with gobs of Hollandaise. Hubby had a crepe that was quite pleasing.  The menu is extensive and guaranteed to have something for everyone. I highly recommend Whispers for breakfast, lunch or Sunday brunch. Be prepared to wait for a table or if you're impatient, belly up to the tiny bar for intimate service with a laugh and a smile.
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,5/15/2014,146,108,6,7,5>Living in Palo Alto has been pretty difficult for me...as far as food choices go. Good food can be found (before 9pm) but it comes with a hefty price tag. So those times when I'm low on cash, Three Brothers Tacos has saved my butt. A full meal for two in Palo Alto can cost you anywhere from 20-30 bucks, easy. But go East and you'll find that a dinner for two will only cost you about 13 dollars, including tax. Now i'm no scientist, but that sounds like a steal to me!Three Brothers wins for authentic taste, size and price. Is it the best Mexican food I've ever had? Probably not, but it's up there. I can tell you that it's better (and cheaper!) than most of the Mexican places in Palo Alto too. We tend to take it to go, as it is a bit dreary inside. It would be pretty awesome if they played good music and put up fairy lights! But regardless of where I eat the food, I will be back for more :)
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,5/14/2014,82,86,7,9,5>My first time here, I was introduced to this spot by fellow colleagues from work. When I drove up and noticed it was located in a gas station (Vallero) lot, I had a difficult time understanding how this could be as good as they were bragging it to be. It is a cash only walk up to the window to order and wait for your number to be called type spot. Now, if you are fancy, don't go here. If you expect white towel napkins, don't come here. If you're not open minded, don't come here. Now onto the tacos. Best tacos I have ever had and most likely the best in Northern Cali. I love Mexican food and been to many... not the gringo places, the legit and order in spanish type places. Poco espanol, but I get by.Tacos, again, the best tacos! I've tried asada, cabeza, lengua, and carnitas. They must be laced with something because I am hooked like a user at NA meetings. Good thing these scrumptious creations are affordable. Why am I writing this review at all, this is a hidden gem and should only be reserved for those who appreciate street food. Enjoy.
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,5/13/2014,9,27,9,10,7>Whoa, I am not sure that I should drive after the bliss I experienced at this amazing spa.My partner and I purchased the 10 visit spa pack for $200, which takes $5 off each visit for the spa facilities. What a crazy value for such clean spa facilities that are not charged by the hour like other local spas! The salt room is so relaxing and I had never tried the ice pool before and was slightly scared, but ended up loving how invigorating it felt each time.My body and mind feels so blissed out, I can only remember feeling this good when I was limber and doing somersaults when I was like 3.Wow.Yeah, it's not for the modest, but if you can get over being naked and others too, you'll be greatly rewarded here.Oh yeah, I also observed not many people taking time to really enjoy the spa pools, steam room and dry sauna. Just wanted to say that if you haven't ever sweated out your stress, think about giving it a try.
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2008,1/31/2009,85,1621,11,11,12>i came here without any expectations and left this restaurant wanting to come back soon. i heard about this place and wanted to try it out despite of all of the negative reviews. had dinner here tonight. the phoenix game was on and what better way to watch the ballgame and eat dinner at the same time! what a cool, unique and fun concept..we ordered our food via touch-screen, the food arrived in minutes, we played games while we waited and played after dinner. they even had a multi-player all in house game which we participated in called "unscrambled" and ranked 7th place. oh well, better luck next time! i was pleased with the user-friendly screens and service and loved noshin' on the sliders! ken enjoyed his bbq beef salad. i'd definitely come back again and kick it here. dinner for two was less than $30! not bad, at all! with an easy check in and check out, paying the bill was effortless! *mikaWinked back*
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2008,1/30/2009,2146,741,15,14,15>My boy declared, "I would bring a date here." My only fear is that Cafe Pro Bono has inspired him to cheat on me for the sake of impressing a first date ='(If that happens, one star!The truth is, Cafe Pro Brono *is* a lovely restaurant, with beautiful decor, solid service, and great food. The crowd is mostly of older people, not surprising with the sophisticated ambiance and all. The surroundings aren't anything special...they somewhat remind me of downtown Berkeley in fact, only much quieter and devoid of hobos. Choose between indoor and outdoor seating. The menu consists of appetizers, salads, pasta, and meat entrees (cafeprobonorestaurant.co) I decided on one of the dinner specials - Fettuccine with prosciutto and peas in a light cream sauce, while the bf ordered Cappellini with fresh tomatoes and a bowl of clam chowder.We were started off with bread, which was very soft and chewy, but not warm and probably store bought. The dipping sauce was a great flavorful oil.The food:-Clam chowder: Way better than canned. Bursting with clams, corn, potatoes, and other goodies, all finely chopped. Definitely a winner.-Cappellini: I only had a bit, but it was great, fresh, and beautifully presented.-Fettuccine: Mmmm...I was very happy with my decision. Again, lovely presentation. Pasta was cooked perfectly, and indeed the sauce wasn't too heavy. I savored every bite.The desserts looked delicious too, but after the fettuccine I felt pretty satisfied and not in the mood for dessert (a travesty, I know). Maybe next time.And, when nighttime falls, candlelight brings the perfect touch of romance, which is, in my opinion, appropriate even for someone who is already yours.
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2008,1/28/2009,6,79,4,14,9>Once upon a time, I was a La Monique regular.  Somewhere along the line, I started going to Capri, partially because communicating and getting an appointment is easier.  Plus, I've only had one pedi failure at Capri, where the polish chipped in a day; otherwise the polish lasts for many moons.Anyway, the last two times at Capri had issues--rush jobs and then the issue with chipping.  I WAS going to go back today, but needed a late appointment close by, and La Monique fit both bills.La Monique was never bad--but they've kicked it up a few notches!  They are super, super aware of sanitation now, showing off the sanitation steps, although I always trusted them.  They rid themselves of the stick-your-hand-in-the-wax machine, as part of this.  All the ladies were dressed in lovely matching outfits, of red and black--nice touch.  The between employee speaking was at a minimum and very quiet, really sort of pleasant, actually.Another noted improvement (not that this was done badly before) is attention to details on cuticles, perfect shape, etc.  My goodness, did they work this angle, more so than I've seen anywhere in ages.  I was told this was something they are now really focusing on, which is awesome.The best part was being reunited with Moui, always a lovely woman.  As part of my sport manicure (read manicure for tomboys), she gave the most kick ass arm massage I have ever had in my life.  I was in utter heaven.  She is a trained massage therapist, and it shows.La Monique--I missed you, I will be back!
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2008,1/27/2009,211,461,15,13,16>This place is my standard for a dive bar. Required standards--If you can: (A)be shnockered at a bar at 4 o'clock or midnight. (B) be chatting up with the bartender or quitely peer and contemplate your day/ latest drama/ life while staring into your drink and no one bats an eye either way. Check and check.Expert standards: Most (if not all) drinks under the $5 dollar mark. Jukebox has Sinatra. Booths with vinyl seating reminiscent of everyone's other favorite drunken hangout, Denny's. Selling Lotto tickets. Playing Fletch en espanol on Saturday night. Superior standard: Being located down an alley away from the cleanliness/ pretentiousness of Mountain View and having NO windows or any other source of natural light. If a dive can truly create that dark magical vortex of timelessness well than that, my alcohol drinking friends is (a) not only a dive bar but (b) priceless.
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2008,1/26/2009,64,183,8,7,7>This is where my sister comes to cheat on her vegetarian lifestyle with some good ole spicy beef noodle soup. Apparently it's that good that once a month or so, she forgets she was ever vegetarian and dines on a hearty bowl of this soup.  I on the other hand, remain true to my lifestyle of beef restriction and ended up eating family style dishes. I'm not sure what other people were talking about with respect to bad service because when I came here, it was pretty efficient and quick.  The quality of the food was a little heavy on the salt, but to be honest, I'm actually halophilic (well, I don't like to live in salty environments, rather I just like salt) so i do well with salty foods. There has to be something wonderful about this place that keeps people like my mom and my sister coming back for more (it could also be the cheap prices....always a hit with our family).
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2008,1/25/2009,154,64,7,10,6>"Lord O' Lord.  I always come here to get a good burger.  Yesterday, my boss and I were coming back from the bank and didn't know what to eat.  He had mention burgers but we ended up eating Togo's.  So today, made up for the burger withdrawal I had all night.  My stomach was practically screaming - BEEF!  I WANT BEEF! @ 2:00 AM.  So you know what, I gave it beef today and it's finally satisfied." - Side Note...The Canyon Inn is a great place to just hang out with the guys or gals and watch a football game.  They have a lot of 49ers pictures and my all time fav. 2 Patties + 2 slices of American cheese + with LTO = THE HACKSAW!  Less then $10 for everything including a large drink excluding the fries.  They also have 7" to 14" pizza and several items south of the border for you dining pleasure.  I would recommend if your in the area give this place a shot - I highly recommend it.
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2008,1/24/2009,109,148,4,14,10>I'll be honest: I consider myself an expert in the falafel/hummus category.  I've eaten falafel late night in Israel at the best insider joints.  I know where to find the best tahini in Mountain View.  I'm critical of the acidity, the salt, everything.  Having said this - this is my best pick in the Mountain View area for falafel and hummus, and shwarma.  The salads are fresh (vast comparison from the other place down the street).  Service is grateful and friendly, and very neighborhood-like.  I visited this place for the first time 6 days after it opened, and was offered to try anything I liked, from the falafel to the meat to the salads.  Very nice.  I would like to give this place many more chances indeed.
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2008,1/23/2009,501,1477,11,15,15>Chanpon, where have you been all my life?  I don't understand how I'd never had this before.  It's not ramen, it's not udon.  I liked the chewy noodles, the squid, the clams, the flavorful but light broth and the kimchee in the kimuchi (why do they spell it like that?) one.  The best part was the pork.  Now, when it's in a soup, I generally can't distinguish between beef and pork but once I knew it was pork, I loved how tender it was.  We also had the baked squid tails and they were fantastic.  I enjoy tentacles.  The onigiri was good but too dense for me which resulted in a conversation about the need for mini onigiris, like mcnugget sized.  That doesn't sound so classy now that I think about it.  Maybe bon bon sized.  That would be perfect.Oh, I'll be back to try the whole menu, believe you me (what does this expression mean?).
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2008,1/22/2009,270,226,10,12,10>After a stroll around the beautiful Stanford campus, I couldn't hold out another hour for dinner. We were driving down El Camino Real, when a cute little diner caught my eye. I was glad it wasn't Denny's. Just as we got in there, a lady was frantically asking for someone that may know the Heimlich maneuver. The next thing we knew, a waitress was saying "he's not breathing" on the phone. That's when we left. Five minutes later, we found a parking spot half a block from our taqueria. There were a couple of tables outside, but settled inside instead. We were told to seat ourselves. Bull horns and rifles adorned the walls. Families, couples, singles, and college kids in the mix. The service was prompt and friendly.My friend ordered a Giant Quesadilla w/ BBQ Sauce, and I the Camarones al Mojo de Ajo. Mine was delicioso, but my friend says "the BBQ sauce wasn't that great." That's sad :(  Well at least I li-ked my camarones :)  The ajo sauce was awesome. My Coke came in a can with a glass of ice. Good - I prefer it over fountain soda anyway. I got a whole lime - more than enough for both my Coke and dinner :) The bill for two was $18 n change.My breath is scary, but I'm happy.
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2008,1/21/2009,460,387,23,25,25>I only had the pies here, so many might think I'm not qualified to review this place until I've tried more off the menu.  Yeah, you're probably right.  But I did get to try a bunch of different pies as there were many Yelper friends who love to share and that means I need some notes to remember what to order next time, hehehe.First off, the location.  It's just south of the 92 on El Camino.  Just south means a coupla hundred yards.  It's a free standing building with a private parking lot and from the outside and in, essentially seems like a friendly, comfortable, mid-upscaly diner with some family restaurant touches.The restaurant probably seats 75 or so, and the décor is set fairly low, giving an open airy feeling.Now, on to the pies.  I got to sample quite a few, they were all good.  I like pies, and the ones here are very different from Baker's square.  The only problem is the distance.  This place is too far from either work or home.  Hmmmmm....Gonna be tough, but I'll try to get out here again.Apple Sour Cream - 4 stars- Mmmmm...Yummmm.  (you're gonna read that a lot...hahaha).  Sour cream and Apple and a nice pie crust?  I never would have thought of it, but it's dang good.  Loved it!Blueberry Sour Cream - 5 stars- Yum yum yum...This one gets props more often in reviews than any other it seems. And with good reason.  It is dang awesome.  They throw tons of blueberries in there and since blueberries are already tangy, they go really well with the sour cream.  I was taking just little bites of pies, but this one I finished completely.Cherry Sour Cream - 4 stars- You know, I gave only four stars, but this is one of those pies I really could picture eating again and again.  I sure wouldn't mind having a Heidi's Pies place near my home.  I'd buy a pie a couple every week, and you can bet that the Cherry or one of the other sour cream pies would be on of them.Cream Cheese- 2 stars- You'd think that being a New Yorker born and raised, I would love the thick and rich cream cheese that is so popular there, but...no....I don't.  If you had a really light dinner and want a really filling dessert, than this if for you.  But if you like your desserts decadent but not totally filling after just a bite, I wouldn't recommend it.  Judging just on the cream cheesiness of the dessert, I give it two stars mostly because I believe they can and should make it the lighter type of cheese cake filling that is more popular on the West coast.  French Apple- 3 stars- I give this one three because...I'm a snob....I would like them to change the topping to be more of a Dutch Apple pie, which is larger crumbles rather than this nearly powdery leftover kind of topping.  The taste was just fine, 3.5 to 4 stars, but the topping really was not as good as I think a crumble topping would be.Pecan- 3 stars.- So...I don't know much about pecan pie, so who am I to judge right?  Given that, I want to give 2 stars, but I'll give it the benefit of the doubt since I don't really like pecan pie to begin with.  It'd have to be pretty amazing to get more than 3 from me.Key Lime- 1 star- What can I say?  I don't recommend it.  It's a heavy dessert with an unusual flavor that I can't figure out but wasn't key lime...something....I dunno.  But didn't like it.Lemon Meringue - 4 stars- WOWOWOWOW.  Lemon meringue is not my favorite, but Walter mentioned that this is really hard to make, and I gotta say, the presentation looked just fantastic, and the meringue part of it was soooo light, and the crusted top was a beautiful gradating shade of brown and white.  Just beautiful.  And it tasted just fine too.Banana whipped cream pie- 3 stars.- Yeah, this was good.  I think it would have shined more if there other pies weren't so amazing.  But I would never complain if this pie was served.  One pie I didn't get to try that I really wanted to was the pumpkin.  Next time....next time.All in all, I have to give this place 4 stars.  I may increase or decrease this rating after eating some of the regular food here too, but since this is a pie place, I'm guessing it deserves added weight in the rating.Way to go heidi's, I'm a fan!
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,1/1/2014,167,739,2,4,6>La Viga lives up to the hype. My brother and SIL have been raving about this place for a while, then my parents started raving about it as well.So, now I've tried it, and indeed it's excellent. My first visit I had the ceviche trio, which was perfect. A nearby table proceeded to shower us with beer from their bucket of beer. I guess one of the beers was under high pressure - 2 of us got beer sprayed on our backs and 2 got beer in their faces, and we ended up helping them wipe beer off the walls but we all laughed it off.The second visit I had fish, which was also delicious. Note: their chips and salsa are the most addictive I've ever had.Their prices are a bit higher than most Mexican places, but their presentation and quality I think is also a bit higher, so it all works out.Probably by now everyone who lives or works nearby had tried La Viga, but if you by chance haven't, go now! When they open their second location in downtown proper, that will be great - they need more seats for all these new fans!
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,12/31/2013,100,285,68,72,70>I believe in eating healthy, and try to include something from each of the five basic food groups in every meal.  My list of these essential food groups (in order of preference) is: wine, pizza, meat, beer, and chocolate.  Whenever I manage to poll down to #3, Pampas immediately pops on to my mental radar screen - it's unquestionably Carnivore Heaven! :-)A while back, I went back here to catch up with a friend who's known me since the days when I was Nick J. on Yelp.  Wine is conducive to catching up; I don't enjoy paying $100 for a $40 bottle of wine, so I usually bring my own and pay corkage.  The $20 corkage fee is well worth it here; the restaurant provides a single-bottle sized decanter, yelp.com/biz_photos/pamp and unlike in far too many places, the waiter was quite solicitous with it, even when I trotted out my trusty aerator, and instructed him in its use.On to the food - Pampas is listed on Yelp as Brazilian.  I don't know if this is the "authentic" stuff or not, but I must confess I really enjoy it!  First up, the bread they start you off with is amazing.  There's a deep-fried banana, some fried polenta, and a cheesy popover-like bread on the plates they bring out right after you're seated.  yelp.com/biz_photos/pamp Pampas' claim to fame is their "Rodizio".  Ordering this allows you to sample an unlimited quantity of their Chefs Selection of meats, and is supposed to make any and all meat lovers die happy.  I've never done Pampas that way before, which is probably why I'm still alive and kicking...So instead of the Rodizio, we first shared an order of the Empanadas, which our server described as Brazilian Empanadas.  yelp.com/biz_photos/pamp These are stuffed with chorizo, manchego, and molho verde (A decidedly different taste, but they're fried and quite good!).  We also shared two entrees - a Ribeye Steak that was surprisingly flavorful and delicious!  yelp.com/biz_photos/pamp It was served with a broccolini sauté I immediately wolfed down half of - I LOVE broccolini, and this one was very well prepared.  The chimichurri, whipped potatoes, and ciopollini onions were pretty darn tasty too.  The second entree was a Pork Chop yelp.com/biz_photos/pamp which was nicely cooked and well seasoned.  It was tasty, but I keep comparing it in my head to that Ginormous hunk of Mammoth Meat disguised as Pork that Chef Jason serves at The Playground in Santa Ana - a really tough act to follow...I've been to Pampas many times, and will doubtless go back many more.  Excellent food and good service with a modern, simple, chic ambiance that I really like.  I'm torn between 4 and 5 stars; I'll give continue to give it 4 stars for now, but I'll come back with reinforcements to check-out the "Rodrizio" and see if a fifth star is in order.
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2013,12/30/2013,103,78,15,19,16>Ephesus is competing in the crowded Castro St. restaurant market against at least two other Med/Greek establishments. They've carved out a nice nice - high quality food, at a reasonable price. The service was excellent, and so was the overall value.For appetizers, we had the Turkish chopped salad and the Greek Fries, both nicely seasoned (fries could be more crisp). For entrees, we had the Lamb Shanks and the Beyti/Lamb. Both were solid 4star dishes. For dessert, they actually had a GF offering (rice pudding) that was also very good.Beer snob report - a wide selection of Mediterranean bottled beers, plus Sierra Nevada Pale on tap - not bad!
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,12/29/2013,128,442,,4,5>The wife and I FINALLY had an opportunity to eat here.  We've been missing Thai since Bangkok House changed owners (and went seriously downhill)...and since this is owned by the sisters from the original Bangkok House, we were pretty sure we wouldn't be disappointed.The wife ordered yellow curry, I ordered red curry, extra spicy....and we also got a side of chicken satay.  The satay was PERFECT, as was the peanut sauce.  Our meals came out, and was absolutely awesome.  The red curry was delish, and the wife's yellow curry tasted just like it does in Bangkok....awesome!Highly recommended.  I suspect that it's quite crowded during the weekday lunch hour, but we hit it perfect, and loved it.
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2013,12/28/2013,190,436,2,5,3>Super satisfying lunch. And even though people seem to peg this place as a smoothie/boba/drink stop, it really seems to be more of a vietnamese sandwich shop..so go here for lunch! And pick up a drink as well!Vegetarian options - check!Try the grilled pork or lemongrass chicken bahn mi.I particularly liked the amount of pickled daikon and carrots, cilantro, and jalapenos (seedless) on my bahn mi!Price is a bit more than other bahn mi places but hey that's okay. Its quality seems a bit better and the location is great for Burlingame/San Mateo lunch seekers.I also like that they offer thai iced tea and combo meals!
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,12/27/2013,292,536,7,10,8>Seasonal menu, farm-to-table and mostly healthy. Sandwiches, salads, flatbreads - kids bento box gives parents lots of options too.Service was friendly. Best for kids, would recommend patio seating for an adult-only lunch.Food:* Chicken + caesar salad with pomegranate vinaigrette instead of caesar dressing. So good! Dressing was tangy yet not overly sweet.* Burger: coworkers said it was delicious, juicy* Turkey BLT sandwich: coworkers loved the bacon and texture of the fresh avocadoDessert / Drinks:* S'more: homemade marshmallow + cookies. A bit too sweet for me* Soy latte: very delicious, great coffee and perfect froth* Green elixir: very tasty healthy vegetable-based drink. Overall, I'd come back -- place is cute and small, food is pretty tasty. I'd just sit on the patio next time to avoid too much chaos :)Tip for parents: 1. There's a connecting day care service that collaborates with Bumble.2. Wednesday date night special - $65 for prix fixe dinner, and an hour of free daycare. Pretty sweet deal for parents!
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,12/26/2013,46,224,,13,3>The Dish is a great place for a hike or jog. If you start at the Stanford Ave main entrance and and do a clockwise loop, the total distance is 3.7 mi. The path is paved, so it's quite easy for people with little experience hiking.This place also provides spectacular views of Stanford University and the surrounding area. On a clear day, you can see Palo Alto, the Dumbarton bridge, the San Mateo bridge, the Bay, the hills east of Fremont, and possibly even San Francisco. If you're into photography, this is one of the best spots in the immediate vicinity of Stanford.97/100
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2013,12/25/2013,93,917,4,4,4>I recently checked out the Happy Hour at Xanh, and man, what a great find in Mtn View! Not only does Xanh offer a fairly nice selection of cocktails for $5, but an even more extensive selection of appetizer items and small plates also for $5-7. Pretty amazing pricing for otherwise slightly spendy food.We ordered the veggie Buddha rolls, the papaya salad, and garlic noodles. Both the Buddha rolls and papaya salad were fresh and crisp, and great options for a healthier happy hour, which you don't often find. The garlic noodles were definitely on the oily side, but with a slight parmesan taste, these were not your average noodles and rather tasty. Too bad the portion size on the noodles was miniscule.I'm definitely going to be a regular at Xanh's happy hour!
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2013,12/24/2013,85,147,2,6,4>Great service and very reasonable prices! I am an aspiring gardener and I hope one day I can grow a couple of fruit trees and a herb garden.  I went in a couple of weeks ago to ask for advice on getting my friend a plant as a house warming gift.  The guys were friendly and explained to me what is easiest to grow / maintain and how to treat all these plants.  I had intention of buying only one plant but wanted to learn about the variety of plants and options.  The sales rep I worked with was exceptionally patient and kindly walked through every plant I asked.  He then helped me choose the best plant. I paid for the plant and another sales guy helped me put it into my small car.  He was very thoughtful and made sure there were some type of cover over the carpeting in my car before putting the plant in the car. Will definitely come back!
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,12/23/2013,181,676,9,11,9>From the outside, it doesn't look like much.  The lone burger on the clean white plate in front of you doesn't look all that special, either.  But this place is about to unleash something so delicious at your tastebuds that it can only be described as "umami."For my first visit, I opted for The Original.  It was everything that I imagined it could be.  It was just abounding in juicy, awesome deliciousness.  Usually off-brand ketchup would sour my experience, but their homemade ketchup was uniquely amazing, and is now the world's only known true competitor to Heinz.  They are seriously dedicated to overwhelming your tastebuds with awesomeness in every aspect of your meal.  Rather than serving soda from a fountain (how pedestrian!), Coke is served in a bottle (aka Mexican coke), with real sugar instead of HFCS.  They also offer about a dozen different varieties of specially-selected craft beers from all over.  Sure, Umami is a little pricey to be an everyday experience, but it's definitely worth it for the quality and taste.  You have to treat yourself to a burger here every once in a while.  I'm actually a little sad that it took me so long to try an Umami Burger, though I am still excited to return and try more!
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2009,4/17/2010,125,185,9,11,10>This place is fantastic!My friend and I showed up rather late in the evening, and when I expressed my disappointment with the full outdoor seating, the waiter picked up a table and brought it outside so we could sit and enjoy the evening. Furthermore, their french onion soup was perfect; covered in a thick layer of cheese and fresh baguette slices, covering a thick, brothy onion soup. It was brought out as a first course, since I ordered the croque monsieur as well; a nice touch since it meant both of my meals would be hot when I get to them, rather than getting both at once, eating the soup, and then eating a cold sandwich.Overall, great food and great service.
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2010,4/15/2010,751,680,25,28,25>The last time I was here, I had a lunch date with just my wife. This time, I'm back with for a lunch date with another lovely lady, my youngest daughter. It was 11:45AM on a sunny Saturday, a nice break in the weather from the rain we had that week. The restaurant just opened, and we had no problem getting a table next to a window (static2.px.yelpcdn.com/p). I told my daughter she can get anything she wanted. For a kid's menu, Sam's has a pretty good variety. In addition to the usual offerings of chicken fingers and fries, fish and chips, spaghetti, etc., they also have grilled salmon. My daughter just wanted mac and cheese (static2.px.yelpcdn.com/p), and asked for a side of fries (static4.px.yelpcdn.com/p), which I said was OK. For a kid's plate, the mac and cheese bowl was pretty big. This wasn't your Kraft mac and cheese. This one looked like it was house made, with a mix of white and yellow cheddar cheese. Looked so good I had to take a bite. Creamy, cheesy, but not too thick. Not bad. The fries arrived in a large basket, and my girl's lit up. Thinly cut, and seasoned, these fries were tasty. I ordered my usual. A cup of clam chowder (static3.px.yelpcdn.com/p), and their lobster roll (static3.px.yelpcdn.com/p). The chowder was good as the last time, and the lobster roll was warm and buttery in that slightly toasted roll. My daughter was looking forward to a cone of their soft serve ice cream cone for kids, but we were told that they out of chocolate. She was disappointed at first, but I told her I know what she may like. A few minutes later, the server came by with this (static3.px.yelpcdn.com/p). This was a Soft-Serve Swirl Sundae, vanilla soft serve ice cream with chocolate chips, caramel sauce, chocolate sauce, toasted almonds, and topped with a cherry. I ate the part with caramel and toasted almonds, she ate everything else. She was quite happy with my choice. Yes, Daddy knows best!
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2010,4/14/2010,871,84,8,9,8>Eating at Sakae reminded me so much of Japan... It really felt like eating in Tokyo... they got the atmosphere down to a T. Fresh fish flown in from Tsukiji. It truly feels like one of the better places in Japan.I chose the omakase sushi set which was $68 for 12 pieces of superb pristine sushi. For starters they gave me some ankimo wrapped in shiso and striped bass. They hit a homer right off the bat. Every fish I had was unimaginably good... they couldn't have gotten any better, but to me the highlights were: - Seared Salmon belly- Hokkaido Uni with Squid - Alaskan King Crab with Caviar - Chu-toro - Aji - Kanpachi- Wagyu Beef- Kohada - Tai - BonitoFor what you're paying, it probably doesn't get any better than this...
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2009,4/13/2010,358,1030,14,16,15>What I like the most about Fraiche that the yogurt actually tastes fresh and purely yogurty. It's not tart or icy, but rather it's simple and creamy...and probably what froyo is traditionally really supposed to be!Having said that, the "natural" yogurt is a little too plain for me, so the fruit toppings (which are also fresh) can help enormously. Toppings, such as the puree, are a must if you're getting the milk yogurt...it has no added sugar.I also like Fraiche, because unlike the other froyo joints, it makes a good breakfast place as well. I would like to think that a Fraiche's cup of yogurt with fruits is as healthy, or even healthier, than a bowl of sweet cereal with milk...Lastly, the store is removed a few blocks from the busy University Ave, which is great because you have less trouble finding parking.SUM: Definitely a nice change from the icy, tarty froyo that has become so conventional around here!
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2010,4/12/2010,263,388,5,6,6>Great organic and sustainable grocery store for the coastal community.  I would definitely liken it to Whole Foods.  That being said, if I lived on the coast, this would be my go-to place for groceries since I wouldn't have to go over the hill.I was dog-sitting on the coast and finally had the opportunity to experience this place.  It was bustling.  They have a small-scale hot food cafeteria section, meat counter, and what appeared to be a pretty extensive corner fully stocked with wines and cheeeeese!I found everything I needed here for my staple food items.  And they also have a well-stocked health and beauty section. They had organic, unfiltered apple juice on sale and it was displayed throughout the store but all I wanted was my organic Gravenstein apple juice - none to be found.  If you've ever tasted this juice, you'd want it in stock, too.  I'll have to go to Whole Foods for my Gravenstein fix.It's an open, clean layout here and I would definitely come back again since I like to get myself out to the coast as often as possible.  I'd come here for hot meals, snacks, groceries, picnic supplies, etc. Places like New Leaf Community are very conducive to a healthy and satisfying lifestyle.  Couple that with the fresh ocean air and energy, and you've got a community of happy people.And if that weren't enough, New Leaf contributes over 10% of profits annually to local non-profit groups.  That scores big points in my book.*if you're looking for a job here, check out their website.  They have some pretty awesome benefits.  **Main offices are in Santa Cruz but they have locations in Half Moon Bay, Capitola, Felton, Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz.***Yes, they're on Facebook and Twitter.
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2010,4/11/2010,127,1093,2,7,5>The cute house Flea St Cafe sits in reminds me of small East Coast restaurants.  It has a very homey and welcoming feel, and the staff is super friendly.  The crowd ranges from families to couples, young to old, casual to formal.Service was impeccable, as my water glass never even reached halfway empty, and if the server didn't know the answer to question about the seasonally changing menu, he made sure to run to the back and find an answer for us.We started with an amuse of local roasted potatoes and beets.  The bread basket was warm and had the most amazing biscuit.  It was slightly crisped on the outside but very fluffy inside; it was topped with crunchy sesame seeds, and it was so flavorful but not overly buttery.I started with the special appetizer of the night, the seared scallops.  They were crusted in cornmeal and lightly pan fried, sitting in a citrusy meyer lemon oil.  On the side were pureed parsnips and a fennel-radish slaw, which had just the right amount of kick to contrast the smooth root puree.  The scallops were naturally sweet, and the oil helped bring out the freshness, but I prefer my dishes with less oil.We also had the pureed rutabaga soup, which was very silky and smooth.  It was topped with creme fraiche and had a spoon of dungeness crab on the side.  The crab was a nice accompaniment, but the soup was only lukewarm, which was a disappointment, as I like my soups piping hot.  Flavor-wise, it was not overly salted, and it just tasted of the natural vegetable, which I enjoyed.For my entree, I had the Flea St Cobb, which has crispy strips of bacon, grilled chicken breast, pickled onions, roasted beets, chunks of strong blue cheese, and purple hardboiled egg.  It sat on top of local greens, and it was a very generous portion.  The dressing was a light and slightly sweet mustard vinaigrette, and the whole dish just went well together.  It was very satisfying and hearty but still light at the same time, and it provided a unique, local twist to the traditional salad.We also had the tasting of vegetables, which featured caramelized broccoli (my favorite), carrots, bok choy, and rainbow chard.  It was a bit oily, as most vegetable dishes are.  The best part was the goat cheese croquette, which was crisped outside and super melty inside, with just a hint of mushroom.  Also, there were black eyed peas with sweet roasted squash - I loved the squash, but I'm just not a big black eyed peas / beans person.We were both very full at the end.  To our surprise, because they initially forgot to put my dressing on the side for my salad, they took the scallops off our bill.  They definitely get 5 stars for service.  They were very apologetic about the mistake, which happens all the time at other restaurants.  It shows they really care about the dining experience, which you often don't get at larger restaurants nowadays.We were too full for dessert, but everyone gets a complimentary house made truffle.  It was very chocolatey and smooth, just right to satisfy my sweet tooth.I would give 5 stars for service and the dining experience, but the food is just a bit lacking for that.  I appreciate that they use fresh and local ingredients, and I love the setting.  Hopefully on my next visit, the food execution can push them into the 5 star range.
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2009,4/10/2010,131,459,2,4,6>Mmmm!  I came here two weekends ago and I am definitely a fan.  Here are the reasons why:1. Fantastic broth: My miso ramen's broth had a very strong taste of both seafood and bone.  Some people may find it off-putting; others will appreciate the depth of the soup.2. They actually have a fully vegetarian option (I think it's completely vegan, in fact), which is always rare as heck for me to find in any ramen-ya.  I appreciate that this place actually has one.3. Free kimchi, as much as you want, for the taking.  It's not the best ever but it's pretty good, pairs perfectly with the ramen, and turns your ramen into a full meal.4. You don't get water when you sit down; you get mugicha (roasted barley tea).5. Casual eats at a good price: Unless you order some extras you'll be paying around $10 or $11 after tax and tip for a generously-sized meal.Definitely a fan!
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2010,4/9/2010,275,727,9,14,10>Tucked away in the middle of an office park is one of the friendliest local businesses in the entire area. Within a few visits you will be on a first name basis and will take careful care of your clothes better than most.They are on the pricey side, but are very reliable and you can expect to pick up your orders on the day promised without fail. Plenty of free parking right in front and never a wait.
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2010,4/8/2010,896,808,21,30,25>For my 400th review, I wanted to write about something that had significance in my life. This qualifies.Last spring I had a TMJ (jaw pain) flare up the likes of which I hadn't experienced before, despite it being a problem I've had for years. In desperation, I let my Kaiser docs know, having no idea that they could help me. The response I got was surprising - a referral to Redwood City Kaiser's TMJ Specialist NP Laura Hutkins. Really? Kaiser has a TMJ Specialist? Why did I burn all that money seeing an expensive and useless TMJ dentist in Alameda when I could've gone to Kaiser for a $20 co-pay? Damn.I couldn't get in right away, but I was ready. NP Hutkins knew her stuff, examined my jaw, took measurements, and did a thorough evaluation.She made some recommendations (some familiar, others new to me) for self-help for jaw pain:* Don't chew gum or ice.* In some cases, go on a soft or semi-soft diet.* Wear sunglasses to prevent squinting of the facial muscles.* Continue with massage and alternate therapies.* Wear a bite guard that fits properly for pain management.* Take breaks during dental exams & procedures to rest jaw and prevent trismus (tonic contraction of the muscles of mastication).* Never use a bite block during a dental procedure.* Join tmj.org* Avoid chewy foods, crusty bread, tough meat, and crunchy raw vegetables.In fact, she advised me not to put anything big and hard in my mouth - the worst being raw carrots. And I can forget taking up the flute or becoming an opera singer. Yeah, I know that's what you were thinking.Outcome:+ NP Hutkins referred me to an orthodontist in San Francisco who made me a bite guard - and Kaiser paid for it. Amazing.+ I asked for a referral to a particular TMJ Physical Therapist (PT) in San Mateo. She wasn't able to refer me to PT outside of Kaiser, but she referred me to a PT within Kaiser who has experience with TMJ.I never would've expected this of Kaiser. It just goes to show, it's worth asking for what you want. Sometimes you get it.
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2009,4/7/2010,206,417,5,7,7>I never really knew about good Taiwanese food until my roommate took me to a hole in the wall place near our school in Irvine. Ever since then I randomly craved onion pancakes, spicy dumplings and tasty rice plates. When I found China Bee, I was in heaven. It totally satisfied my Taiwanese food cravings. Their chicken wings and salt & pepper pork chops are a MUST. You won't regret it! I also love that this is a family owned restaurant. Mom & Pop places are my favorite, and the Bees are super nice! :)
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2012,2/7/2012,613,401,1,16,10>This is on my top 3 favorite outdoor workout spots on the mid peninsula. 5 stars for the following:1. Beautiful view of the "lake" (a.k.a. the Crystal Springs Reservoir) to take friends or family out for a walk on a nice day.2. At each half mile there is a mileage marker to help keep track of how far you have gone. I have gone from the park entrance up to the 4 mile mark and came back. That is an 8-mile walk/run! The trail actually continues all the way up but I have not tried that far yet. 3. Easy access either from 280 or 92. I used to be able to take the Black Mountain exit from 280 to go to the park entrace though, which is closer. Since they started the bridge construction a couple years ago you have to either go a little further up on 280 to take the next exit or take 92 and get off on De Anza Blvd then take the local road to take you to Crystal Springs Road.4. I wouldn't say that parking is plenty, but I could always find a spot on the side of the road up the hill from the entrance. 5. The place is popular so you will never feel lonely if you go there by yourself. Especially for the first 2 miles, you will see many people, some families among them with small kids or even strollers occasionally. 6. I almost always see some deers in the woods by the road. Sometimes they even venture out to the road even when there are people walking by. I guess they are used to seeing people so they find us harmless.The trail is paved and is not very wide and you are sharing it with other runners/hikers/bikers so need to watch out for traffic. I even came here roller blading once, but never did it again. The road is a little too rough for roller blading.There are at least three bathrooms in the first 4 miles. First one is at the park entrance. Then there are at least two more at about 2nd and 4th mile markers. These are just the convenience toilets without water facility though. But they do provide the hand sanitizer inside the bathroom.Oh and this place is popular for some bike or run race, so in the summer time it may get shut down for a few hours to hikers.
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2011,2/6/2012,1187,969,7,8,8>These guys are Awesome! My attempts to get hubby to workout more paid off when (to my amazement) he decided to buy a Bicycle so that he could cycle to and from work. While we were looking Summit Bicycles was the one place that not only had the particular Bike he was looking for but had excellent customer service. All of the other store's we visited (and there was a lot of them!)  were really unhelpful and didn't seem too knowledgeable.We made a number of visits to this store while trying to figure out what was needed and test riding different frame sizes and each time the staff were so friendly and helpful, they really do know their stuff and genuinely seemed to care more about sorting us with the appropriate Bike than just making a sale.2 weeks on, hubby has his new bike complete with accessories which he got 20% discount on and is really happy with his ''new toy''. Happy Hubby = Happy me too.*Update: 4th February 2012*Another excellent experience with Summit Bicycles today. I decided it was now time to get a newer better Bike for myself and this was the first place I came. I was in the store for over an hour talking with the sales guy and test riding 3 different ones. He was really eager in helping me find something to suit my needs which isn't an easy task! Being just under 5 foot tall (or is that short?) there isn't that many adult bike's that fit me but we succeeded in the end and I simply love it! I'm going to be whizzing around the bay area in style now.*Tip* Buy a Bike from here and you also get free life time tune ups and 10% off of all equipment for a year.
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2011,2/5/2012,203,272,5,36,47>I had the nicest surprise this evening. I was in a rush to get some postcards mailed. I send postcards to people who are facing foreclosure, and wanted to be sure to get the cards out today since there will be no mail on Monday because of the Memorial day holiday.  I missed the cutoff time so I had to drive to the airport post office.I got there JUST in time. One of the workers, an asian man with glasses, said I just made it and he took my cards. I was soo relieved after driving a good 20 minutes to get there.  Well, I decided to buy some stamps, and asked the lady behind the counter if i could see different ones in her selection.  While I'm standing there, i notice the asian man with the glasses (whose name is Johnathan) has resurfaced, and is talking to one of the women behind the counter. He doesn't seem to notice I'm still standing there.  He was holding my postcards and I could tell by how he was gesturing that he was talking to the woman about the postcards.He was actually telling the woman behind the counter that he wanted to buy about 35 cents worth of 1 cent stamps, because "the lady who dropped these off didn't have the correct postage."  I kid you not. He was actually reaching into his pocket, about to pay for the stamps with his own money, and stick all 35 or so 1 cent stamps on the postcards (and he'd have to hustle to do it because they were about to take the mail away).   I went over to him and thanked him for doing that (and yes I paid for them - I was at the counter buying stamps anyway!). He said something about how, if he didn't do that, then they'd all get returned.  It sounds almost like, it was worth the 35 cents to him just to avoid the hassle of having to see all those postcards returned, but... whatever the case, I couldn't help thinking of all the people out there who would have taken the attitude of, "I don't get paid enough to give a crap about these postcards."  "So they get returned... Oh Well... Not MY problem!"  I think postal workers must be constantly fighting off the stereotype of those who created the phrase, "going postal."  I just want to say thank you to Johnathan for defying that stereotype. What he did was truly one of the nicest things I have ever seen someone do in my lifetime. I really appreciate it and  hope good karma comes back to him for his nice gesture. People like that are really rare and the post office is lucky to have Johnathan as an employee.
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2011,2/4/2012,190,256,4,3,4>Go to Izzy's.  Order a bagel.  Any type of bagel.  Then order the cucumber scallion cream cheese to go with it.  Feel free to send me a thank you note or yelp compliment after.
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2011,2/3/2012,186,252,7,9,11>It is possible to have more than one love in life. I know - I experience it every time I walk into Blush.Seriously - butterflies in the stomach, a grin from ear-to-ear, and just an overall giddiness are the feelings I get when I know I'm going here.Thick and slightly tart yogurt (recently tried their cookies n' creme and chocolate flavors - delish!!) fresh looking and sweet fruit, fresh and chewy mochi, clean place, and Pixar movies always playing on their tv's.  I usually go for their original with granola, fruit and a bit of yogurt chips. They gave me a frequent buyer card - dangerous.
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2011,2/2/2012,562,1006,4,7,7>One of my favorite libraries on campus - it's clean, bright, and has a balcony with a nice campus view.  The staff is also really friendly and helpful.   I'm taking an engineering class at Stanford so I come here a lot because they have the books I need and its conveniently located to my class (and Ike's!), but I really enjoy coming here to study for a few hours.  In addition to the books, they have a table full of gadgets (iPad, Kindle, etc) you can play with.   My one complaint is that the study spaces, while nice (carrels and comfy couches) aren't plentiful enough - often when I come here they're all taken.
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,2/1/2012,275,494,9,16,13>I'm new at any type of Yoga, in fact before attending my first bikram yoga class I had only taken ONE regular yoga at 24 fitness a couple days earlier. I was extremely nervous with the "heat".. I hate heat! But I pushed myself and showed up for the 8AM class.I paid only $20 for 10 consecutive days of bikram..dirt cheap!! good for "trial" I said to myself. The studio is fairly clean and new :). I really love that inside the locker room, they provide a hairdryer, cue tips, klenex,plastic bags to put your wet sweaty clothes and towels AND hair ties!!!!! In the shower (4 stalls), they have liquid body soap, conditioner and shampoo (costco brand) so showering after the class felt really comfortable as I don't have to pack a lot from home! The locker room is fairly small though, so it does get crowded and totally "naked roll call" lol :)The people at the front desk and the teacher (especially Cynthia, Christine and Jen) are super duper friendly and personable. The front desk staff are also all very sweet :). On my first day the two ladies at the front desk was assuring me that the heat would not be too hard to handle, especially since it was the 1st class of the day, so the room just started getting heated.RE: bikram yoga... luckily, In general, I'm pretty flexible and I could reach the floor without bending my knees BUT overtime, I realized that I became even more flexible and manage to touch my head to the ground (seriously, it was like an accomplishment, I felt really good the first time I did it!). There were still many poses that I still haven't mastered..but I'm keeping my hope up and will continue trying!!!FYI, during the class.. the teacher usually opens the door a few times allowing cooler air to come it... seriously, it always feels like "heaven" every time I catch the breeze even though in just such a short period of time.Bikram yoga is not easy BUT I do feel healthier...I've been going for 10 times in the past 12 days..(yup, I've been going daily :)) and I couldn't be more proud of myself. Just a warning though... it's not a pretty sight in the class...everyone sweats like hell... like just get out of the pool LOL..dripping sweat...gross!! lol..lots of people wear minimum clothing (recommended to wear tight & skimpy clothing lol) but no worry about others checking you out as everyone will be too busy trying to survive the class LOL.Do arrive at least 15 minutes earlier to get a good spot! I usually try to arrive at least 20 minutes early. Evening classes (6:30) are usually really crowded and therefore the temperature is higher too...Sunday 4PM classes are also pretty crowded but 10AM and 8AM are usually not as crowded.I do bikram for conditioning...I'm not looking to be able to "fly" in the air LOL... so doing bikram at BYMV has been a great experience to me. I ended up purchasing $250 for 20 classes at the end of my 10 days promo period. I must admit that the cost is not cheap...but I do hope I can afford to continue going at least once or twice a week :).TIPS: bring your own yoga mat & towels (I usually bring one big one to catch perspiration and one small one to wipe sweat) and a BIG bottle of water!
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2011,1/31/2012,905,867,6,12,12>Quite simply, Sumika serves one of my favorite lunches of all time.  Complimentary miso salad, miso soup, and tsukemono pickles w/:"Oyakodon - chicken - egg rice done perfectly.  The egg is never overcooked.  The chicken is always tender, fresh, and cooked.  The rice is never too soggy.  Absolutely the best I've had.Karage - the best organic chicken prepared with a house seasoning and batter mix.  Never oily.  Juicy, dark, tender meat.  Crispy on the outside, tender and juicy on the outside.Perfect.  Around ~$15 pre-tip.  Usually quick weekday in and out.  I like dinner here too, but parking and reservations for dinner (and forget drop by seating) are much more of a hassle at night.  Sumika accepts credit cards and American Express.
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2011,1/30/2012,275,727,16,20,19>Awesome ServiceCheck!Spectacular ViewsCheck!Delicious FoodCheck!What a find this place is! Tucked away in the hills of Menlo Park, Restaurant 3000 is open for breakfast and lunch Monday through Friday and mainly caters to the powerful VC firms that are scattered within walking distance. The dining room is casual and offers a peaceful setting. There is also an outdoor patio that wraps around the restaurant and situated on the sunny side of the building. The breakfast menu is small, but offers enough variety for everyone. Farm fresh eggs with thick crispy bacon included! But it's the lunch menu that will bring me back. Specifically the Painted Hill burger. This is served on a brioche bun along with a side of truffle fries. Did you hear what I said? I said TRUFFLE FRIES!The Cuban sandwich also sounds very interesting. Citrus flavored Kurobuta pork shoulder, French ham, gruyere cheese and pickled jalepenos. Now this is something you can't just anywhere. The lunch menu also offers some more substantial entrees like the grilled flank steak served with goat cheese macaroni gratin. For you pasta and seafood fans, there are options here as well.Considering the location, service and views Restaurant 3000 is reasonably priced. Most entrees are priced $10 to $15 dollars and the portion sizes are Flintstone giant. If you plan on coming for lunch, reservations are highly recommended.
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2011,1/29/2012,134,95,5,8,6>I love this place because it's a first for many things as a milk tea store1. FINALLY, a REAL MILK TEA place (with even more emphasis on the milk and tea) that's freshly made. How many years have I been drinking pre-made milk tea that was scooped out of a bucket (Not to mention tastes more like chocolate milk power with 3 cups of sugar mixed in) YUCK. soo over that. (that's right i'm talking about you guys, aka every other milk tea chain in san mateo)2. finally a milk tea place that is UNDER 3 dollars for a cup of milk tea. Like I said before, other place's milk teas scoop sugar water from out of bucket and charge you almost 4 dollars for that junk. 2 dollars here for a medium sized regular cup. just 50 cents extra for the GIGANTIC "wonton bowl sized" cup. what a deal3. finally a milk tea place that takes credit card (Even amex) that doesn't charge you a minimum purchase for each transaction [against credit card contract policies by the way]The only set back is they take a LITTLE too long. I was on the way to the airport 2 weeks ago and almost missed my flight by coming here because they took 20 minutes to make a cup of milk tea for me. The lady in front got so pissed she complained and the owner said "it's because we shake our teas by hand." The lady just looked away. I understand her feeling because Verde in Mountain View and SJ also shake their teas, but they don't take that long.I assume it's because they are new so they haven't gotten all their timing down? Also, a small warning, drinks very day by day, employee to employee. A little consistency would be nice, but I assume, in time...  Also, a little more seating would be nice!Either way, I love this place. Only come here for milk tea now.
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2014,10/31/2014,128,123,2,7,9>"Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise." -Victor Hugo, Les MisérablesFifteen years ago I was sitting in a small cell in juvenile hall where I was incarcerated for the majority of my junior year of high school. Despite my wild, wayward adolescence, I had a deep love of literature, and I took that time being locked-up to read one of the greatest French novels of redemption and selfless love, Les Miserables. Unknown to me at the time I choose the novel, the story is about a convict who spends 19 years in prison, is released, and must absolve himself of his past resentments and transgressions and reinvent himself in order to live his life; ultimately, the life he leads is dedicated to helping others. Nowhere else would I have had the time or focus to read a nearly 2,000 page, early 19th century novel taking place during the French Revolution; I am so lucky I did, as it not only enticed me into French culture and history, it truly is a book that changed my life forever, and instilled in me a message that has come to fruition just today. It seemed fitting to celebrate at a lovely French restaurant.It's fifteen years later, and I started a program to help teenagers in juvenile hall have access to higher education, and especially, literature. I wanted to give back what ended up changing my life for the better and provide hope to kids, many of which have just lost their way and need a positive path. This program was just an idea last summer, and in a year, I piloted it at the same college I attended, and I have students enrolled and excited about higher education and their futures. I wrote a grant (which took three months to compose) and I just found out today that it was approved and I was provided over six figures to fund my program and direct it full-time. There are no words for the dream that this is: to help at-risk youth find a positive future, to have an idea and have others believe in it with you, and to make a change in your own life and have the privilege to serve others as a result. I'm no Jean Valjean, but his literary spirit stays with me.I couldn't think of a better place to celebrate the culmination of so many of my worlds and efforts uniting than French comfort food, and I have been endlessly told of the culinary delights of Cuisinett. My husband and I decided to share all of our dishes, and each one was better than the last. We had the quiche Lorraine, which had perfectly crispy crust, oozing soft and decadent gruyere cheese, and crispy bits of bacon embedded in the egg. I have never had a better quiche, ever. The side salad also has a light lemony vinaigrette, which was paired well with the quiche. We shared their mussels and pom frites (with truffle oil). As mentioned previously, the broth for the mussels is so flavorful, you want to just tip your head back and consume every last drop. The truffle fries were incredible: light, crispy, and saturated (in a good way) in truffle oil. We ended our celebratory meal with macaroons. We tried one from each variety. My favorites were the caramel and cappuccino. Thank you, Cuisinett. Not only are you an excellent restaurant fulfilling my French food fixation, you also were the perfect ending to a magical day, that I know is only the beginning."There is nothing like a dream to create the future." -Victor Hugo, Les Misérables
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/22/2014,10/30/2014,303,87,18,18,18>My lil' babygirl Kiwi is a bit of an introvert (just like her mommy), so I thought it would be best to take her to her first doggie trip to the Foster City Dog Park to help her work on her socializing skills (lol). At first, she was filled with excitement, thinking I was on the way to PetSmart for her monthly "spa" day (grooming day), but *SIKE!!!* was later shocked to find out, as she peeked out the window, to see a park filled with those of her kind (she has this belief that she's human).I prepped her leash, carried her off the car (she's scared of heights, apparently), and we both walked over to the dog park for the first time.There were two play areas at the dog park - an area for small-medium sized dogs and another area for bigger sized dogs. Kiwi thought she was a giant, so she initially proceeded to the big dog area until I stopped and told her that she's a shih-tzu and not a pit-bull so she belongs in the small-medium sized dogs play area. -__-Reality hit Kiwi hard when she entered the play area as she noticed many other dogs who were about the same size as her and who had similar features as she did (did I mention she believes she's human, not dog?). I took a seat at one of the complimentary plastic chairs the park provided, took off her leash and allowed her to proceed and play. After several sniffs, peeing here and there, she proceeded to meet the other dogs. Cautiously, she followed-through with the "sniff and tell", as she likes to keep her crew knit close. Occasionally, she'd look back to make sure I didn't move out of her sight (talk about overprotective).After Kiwi completed her "sniff and tell" mission with all the dogs, she proceeded to walk back to where I sat to confirm if mommy approved (oh, how kind of her). I confirmed with Kiwi to go ahead and play with the other doggies. I found this quite amusing as she was quite the shy one out of the crew. She played with the other dogs for almost an entire hour, running, hopping like a rabbit, and play-jumping on the other dogs in the play area. I believe Kiwi had a great time, although I can't speak for her entirely.Word of advice would be to bring:1. Extra bags in the event your dog lays a dookie on the grass2. A compact water container for your dog in the event they get thirsty so you don't have to leash them every time you take them out of the play area to have some water3. Play toys as it will definitely amp up all the dogs excitement and get them to interact with one another.
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2014,10/29/2014,146,135,3,5,5>I recently joined this studio and I am blown away by the awesomeness contained within it's 4 walls.  I have been taking the 630p classes that alternates from boxing to kickboxing and I LOVE IT.  I can already see a difference in my body and strength.  I am also contemplating taking muay thai and jiu jitsu classes because my alter ego can't wait to be a bad ass.  I've always dreamt of being able to put some jerk to sleep via a chokehold and leaving a card that told him he's a jerk for (fill with whatever jerk move he did) and needed to be put in his place.  Jake, Kyle, Brian and Daniel are my FAVES!!!!  If you haven't found this jewel of a studio and have been contemplating on letting your inner BAD ASS shine.  Then I suggest you wait no longer and sign up.  I always look forward to the classes and can't wait to take jiu jitus and muay thai classes.
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2014,10/28/2014,321,372,1,4,5>I am new to beer. I admit this. For this, I like the fact that they have a very extensive beer list, so I can try many different types of beers, and see what it is I do and don't like about it. Science! They have tasting menus, which is perfect for someone like me. Also, their food is good. It's not exactly what I would call healthy, it is tasty. What you would expect from a beer garden type place. The only downfall? Slow service the several times I have been there. Even when they are not packed. Just pick up the speed a bit and you got yourselves a deal.
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2014,10/27/2014,249,96,20,24,24>Sometimes you just want a good ole burger...The Patty Shack has it. There's a great selection of burgers, sandwiches, salads, sides. The have good quality meat, and a choice of three bun types - check out the specials; there are always a couple.I love the patty melt, and the chili fries are to die for!  The mac and cheese is very tasty too. It's a good place to watch a game or two, have a burger and a beer. Put your order in at counter and they bring it to your table; excellent service, friendly people.
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2014,10/26/2014,1449,401,13,18,15>This place has pretty odd opening hours!Probably due to the fact that it's a small store that only serves to-go items. The menu is small, but highly specialized--it's clear they are trying to do one thing, and one thing really well, which is taiwanese bento boxes!I got the combo A, which was a little on the expensive side ($10 for bento with a drink), was worth it. The box used quality ingredients, the minced pork rice was done very well, with a flavorful layer of minced meat and a nice egg sitting on top. The side dishes of picked radishes and apple shreds also tasted pretty fresh. Finally, the winter melon drink was ok--it didn't taste as melon'y as I had hoped (Sharetea's melon tea, for example, has a huge, consistent winter melon flavor), but overall the winter melon drink was cool, refreshing, and light, which I liked.Last time I checked, they started expanding their open hours, so check this place out when you happen to walk by during open hours!
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2014,10/25/2014,85,52,5,5,4>It's a quirky venue with interesting food selections at dirt cheap prices. Of course there would be a line out the door on a Sunday afternoon. Well worth the wait for all those wondering!For a Filipino take on chicken and waffles, this place doesn't disappoint. The bustling blast of heavenly honeyed heaps of chicken wings and plenty of buttered batter, this brunch spectacular will leave you dizzy. It's what every nonalcoholic brunch should be - deep fried and slopped on a plate. Come for the huge portions, stay for the friendly ambiance and bizarre architecture!
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2014,10/24/2014,42,145,6,7,8>I was craving a boba tea, and giddy over finding a place within WALKING distance of my new digs like a school girl crush.The staff is friendly and the boba tea menu fulfills my cravings.  Passion fruit lychee tea is my go to choice.  The price is AWESOME as well!  This was a perfect way to keep me hydrated on my walk to the Caltrain station.  Keep in mind, they only take credit cards for more than $10 BUT debit cards can be used for an amount less than $10.
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2014,10/23/2014,50,151,3,8,8>I've been talking about this restaurant all year since it was Michelin rated, had fantastic reviews, and was right in our neighborhood..  My husband surprised me with a reservation here for our overdue date night! Yay- he does listen!It's a bit confusing to find since the restaurant is not right on El Camino, it's tucked away in the back and the sign is subtly placed on it's yellow house frame!  Very cute!  The place is small but can probably hold a group of 8-10 if you have a reservation in advance.We started with the Indian Bread Fritter and the Crispy Fried Chicken.  The fried chicken was good, but not something that I would get again - the accompanying lamb tongue didn't really agree with my taste buds.  However, I did love the Indian Bread Fritter!  It was filled with amazing flavors and even the accompanying beans were spiced perfectly.For entrees, we ordered the aab-a-ghost (wild boar curry) and the coconut lemongrass seabass.  We never had wild boar curry, but the flavor was good and the meat was tender.  The seabass came on a bed of onions, clams ,and vegetables.  After I told the waiter that I loved the broth that came with the seabass, he brought me more broth.  It was delicious.  I tried not to drink it straight since I was in a fancy place.  :)For dessert, we ordered the snowglobe ice cream sundae. It was blondie a la mode, in a fancy glass with a wafer on top (my elementary interpretation).  When they bring it to your table, they pour sauce over the wafer and dissolves it into the ice cream.  Should not have eaten all of it, but I did.Overall, my favorite item of the night was the Indian Bread Fritter - hands down!  Make sure you order it!
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2014,10/22/2014,16,127,1,8,4>Came here during lunch on a Wednesday. I ordered the fried fish and chips. I received two big pieces of fried fish, golden delicious and fries with a side of tarter sauce and two lemons. The dish filled me up. Not the best fried fish I've had, but good in the peninsula area. I want to try the salmon dish and fish tacos. I saw a person eating it and it looked big! Price seems fair for being fish and customer service was good. I took the food to go and the food was fresh, hot, and perfect.I am a fan and would like to come back for the other dishes. Good price, good service, great food.
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2009,3/2/2010,12,183,5,9,7>Heinz is great. My family and I have been going to him for years. In fact, when I was a baby my mom would bring me with her to the appointment. So when I say we've been customers for "years," I do mean YEARS.It's definitely on the pricey side for a haircut, but it's well worth it. The minimum price is $95 which may be too much for most people. However, with Heinz you know that you're going to get top quality stuff (none of those "out-of-the-box" hair colors you see at drugstores). Appointments are typically 45 minutes long, but are longer if you're getting extra stuff done. Cash or check only.Heinz is very talented when it comes to dealing with difficult hair. My mom has short curly hair, and nobody else has been able to style it the way she wants and consistently. My hair is easier to deal with since it's straight, but Heinz still spends the full 45 minutes with me, making sure everything is perfect. He also takes a few minutes at the beginning to ask what you want done, and if you don't know he's more than willing to offer suggestions.
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2010,2/27/2010,130,243,7,9,6>We had the guys park their hot dog cart outside our office today and loaded up on all sorts of cart-food goodness. They had tri-tip sliders, hot dogs, polish dogs, red hots, and various tofu dogs for the vegetarians in the group.I had a polish dog and a red hot.  I went brown mustard and sauerkraut on each, which as you know is the ONLY way to eat a hot dog...  They were great.  The polish had plenty of taste to it, and the red hot was spicy but not brutal.  I wanted to eat 5 of each, but I managed to control myself.The owner was super friendly and went out of his way to invite us over to the store, where they have a more extensive menu.  I shall venture over there soon....and finally, is it just me, or is the name "Flamin Dogs", not "Flaming"?
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/28/2009,2/26/2010,151,182,21,13,12>I had my birthday party here last Saturday. I would love to give this place the detailed review it deserves, but two days later I'm still in the same dress, drinking PBR and tinkering with my presents. So I'm just going to make due with the mental tools at my immediate disposal.Nice Things I Have To Say- The pizza was quite delicious. I could actually taste the different ingredients and toppings, unlike most pizza joints I've been to where you could substitute the food for those pizza-flavored Pringles you get at the supermarket. Did I just use "supermarket" in a non-ironic context? Is this what getting older means?- The beer was cold, and the pitchers it was brought in were clean. - When we couldn't get outside to smoke hookah, we bought some of their shisha to take home. Their lemon mint is nowhere near the hook. Possibly the smoothest I've ever had. I will definitely come here in the future for hookah. If I can remember where the hell it is. This Is What I Know But You Didn't Hear It From Me (Except You Did)- Some of the food was exceptional. However, some of the food was the opposite of that. The meat pies were dry, the pita was chalky and one of our pizzas was very visibly burnt. I ate it anyway, because by the time the food came out I was so hungry I would've eaten vegan cupcakes with homophobic slurs written across them. - As hinted at above, the service was nothing to write home about, unless you didn't mind buying a stamp to send out a letter with the words "F*CK THIS PLACE" scribbled in red crayon. All in all, a decent place to eat and smoke (if their shisha is any indication of the experience) but I probably wouldn't book a friend's birthday party here. Unless I didn't really care about them. Or if they slipped me a veg burger patty and hoped I wouldn't notice (yeah, I know it was you).
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2009,2/25/2010,32,160,4,4,4>We met with Fleurty recently to discuss plans for our wedding next year.  They were incredibly helpful, completely understood my fiancee's desires and their prices we surprisingly reasonable.So as a surprise to my fiancee, especially since I was out of town, I decided to send her some flowers on the "one year away" anniversary of our wedding. So I thought this would be a good "test" (for lack of a better term) for Fleurty to see if my fiancee liked their actual product.  I told them to try to stick with her requests for the wedding as much as possible (she is doing a wild-flower arrangement).I don't think I've heard my fiancee so happy and excited on the phone.  Fleurty passed with flying colors. She posted them on her facebook page so I could see them - and she was right...they were gorgeous!  We can't want to see what they do for our wedding if they did such a great job with a basic arrangement!
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2009,2/24/2010,362,488,11,13,11>When I came to work today, I was a bit dismayed that we were going to a Chinese restaurant for lunch because I ran 4 miles this morning. However, the food was so good that it was worth gaining back those calories.We decided to get a bunch of lunch specials and share the food family style. Each special had the main dish, a large portion of rice, and a crispy chicken wing. Plenty of food and decently priced! I got the 3 cup chicken, but there was so much food that I couldn't tell what was what. I need to get that again since all the reviews say it's really good. What stood out the most for me was the potstickers. They were huge and very tasty with the dipping sauce. The potstickers that you can buy at Costco are its babies. Another great dish was the Singaporean noodles with Thai curry sauce. Very unique and flavorful.I don't eat Chinese food very often, but I will make an exception with this place.
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2009,2/23/2010,227,155,7,8,19>Their name is spot on...they're fast! I've seen many people just drive up and stay inside their car while they get their oil changed.I came here for the first time last week to get an oil change and my tires rotated and they had me in and out in about 20 minutes (6 minutes for oil and 14 minutes for the tires). Usually I have to wait 30 minutes to an hour for Jiffy lube just to change some fluids.This place is so quick and convenient that I'll definitely be back.
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2009,2/22/2010,318,202,6,12,9>How this place is just getting 3 stars, I dunno. Thus one of the mysteries of Yelp. I have a strong feeling it's because of the price and the fact that there are no free chips and salsa. But like I would say about most restaurants in Palo Alto, you're going to pay more than you want to. I mean when there are VC dudes with fat wallets loitering Downtown Palo Alto and rich housewives carting around their Bugaboos, it's expected. Hello?!Therefore when reviewing restaurants in Palo Alto, I review the food, ambiance and the service. Forget about value. If you want value just go to Chevy's. They'll give you as many free chips and salsa as you want!The service here is what you would expect out of an expensive restaurant, except they're serving Mexican food. The ambiance is niiiiiice. I would NEVER EVER in a million years guess that this was a Mexican restaurant based on the decor. They did an outstanding job - they can seriously throw some great parties here if they wanted to. The food here is GOOD. Seriously. It's not Cafe Del Sol good, but it comes close. The Tacos De La Calle are a pretty good deal in my opinion, 4 tacos for $12 and they're quality tacos. They're always a safe choice for me when I come here. I know I'll be happy and satisfied. Another favorite is the Crepas con Mariscos. They're as good ...with REAL crab and shrimp. One of my favorite things on this menu is their Crema de Alote (corn soup)...it's such a simple yet soothing dish. I always order it when I come here. All in all, I have yet to have a bad dish here.If you're concerned about the price, come here for lunch, it's practically half the price for the same portion. Also another thing to note is that their appetizers are pretty reasonably priced. The guacamole is $8. Last time I checked, Chevy's charged the same price. Avocados are expensive no matter where you go and so is quality. So my dear yelpers, don't judge this place on price, but the food. Because it really is good.
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2010,2/21/2010,641,501,15,25,19>My 300th review should be somewhat momentous, right?  Well, I think a review of Wakuriya qualifies.  Just on the size of the bill alone!  Yes. It's expensive. $70 for 6 courses or $85 for all 9 courses, $25 for a flight of 3 top shelf sake... it adds up quick.  But, a night with a foodie girlfriend I haven't seen in a long time was worth every penny of it.Not to mention the deliciousness.Each of the courses was made to perfection, and presented oh so delicately and perfectly.  We attacked each course with gusto, and loved every moment of the journey.  We had the January 2010 menu.  I would say, they are stronger in their seafood dishes than they are in their meat dishes.  But overall, the creativity and the execution just simply blew me away.  It was like eating art.The restaurant is small, it seats maybe 20 tops. It's located in the most unlikely of locations, a strip mall in San Mateo. But, it's tastefully decorated and I felt very zen when there.  Happy to have Wakuriya be my 300th review.  Fingers crossed that I will return again soon.
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2009,2/20/2010,674,366,16,24,20>Pssst in the next few weekends , I'll save you the trouble of heading to San Francisco for some clubbing. Why do you need to head to downtown SF , try so hard to find parking (good luck finding it free),  step out and line up to get into a club in the freezing SF cold and when you get in (I should probably say 'if you managed to get in the club before 3am')  try to buy a drink from the overworked bartenders who are selling 10$ mixed drinks with food coloring and half a shot of cheap vodka? And then after that, try to squeeze yourself in a pack of sweaty bodies who occupy the 10 by 10 dance floor including oggling douchebags who smell of axe cologne and 30 gold chains? I had no idea when I came to Level 236 that this place was big inside.I came on a saturday, I didn't have to line up, got in after parking at parking building around the area (free after 6pm) there was a couple of birthdays happening at that time , good crowd, mostly the silicon valley types, well-dressed people and there was still a huge amount of space around.3 huge projectors, a dj booth that includes a bongo drummer (Interesting) , a go-go platform and very high celingsAlso, there is a big outside patio which also serves 15$ hookah (great deal)  a waterfall and outside seating, great place for an outside dancing (you can hear the music all the way to the patio area) and you can still chat up your friends under the warmth of the heater lamps. Everyone from the girls outside and the bartenders inside seems to be pretty nice.If you want to head to a stress-free club for real dancing, lots of indoor space to show your groove ,  lack of axe-smelling douchebags and still chat with your smoking friends, this place is perfect.
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2009,2/19/2010,905,867,10,16,12>So this is where all the Paly and Stanford students head for lunch!The Village Cheese House is located in the back of Town and Country Village (and really isn't that hard to find if you just go all the way to the back) and will be nearby the soon-to-be-opening Trader Joe's that will be opening here.I stopped by for a quick sandwich and liked what I saw.  The choices are pretty simple: Old Fashioned or The Works, which includes extras like tomatoes, lettuce, and pickles.  They also have a "special sauce" that reminded me a bit of the special sauce I had at Ike's in San Francisco.  Not sure what it is, but it's tasty and good.I opted for a hot sandwich ($1 extra) and pastrami as my meat choice.  Got the classic dutch crunch bread and was soon greeted by a very generously sized sandwich at $7.99.  To be honest, though I liked the warmed meat and slightly melted cheese, I was disappointed that the bread wasn't toasted.  In reality, it's more a warm sandwich than a hot sandwich, but even this didn't take away from the high quality ingredients and tasty sauce.I liked the interior of the Cheese House too.  Supposedly, they underwent a redesign awhile back and I like it.  It's clean, filled with a variety of cool snacks (Haribo gummy bears, beef jerky, interesting sodas) and has a nice layout where you can watch the sandwiches being made and all the ingredients being gathered.As a side note, I'm a bit of a beef jerky sucker and will always buy a pack, especially if it says, "the best Gourmet Beef Jerky Ever."  So I did here too.  I actually found the jerky disappointingly average and think my top three are still 1) Trader Joe's Beef Jerky (nice balance of price and taste) 2) Los Gatos Meats and Smokehouse (though it's way too pricey) and 3) Tillamook Country Smoker (I've bought pounds in bulk).  Overall, I thought this was a great sandwich shop and am happy with our selection in the area: Ace of Sandwiches, Dittmer's, and Driftwood.  None are quite Ike's level, but if any dabbled a bit in crazier combos (pastrami, roast beef, turkey, and ham anyone?) and toasted their sandwiches nice and HOT, we'd have some competition for the City to the North.The Village Cheese House accepts credit cards but only Visa/MC.
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2014,8/21/2014,77,335,7,7,6>This is the best place to get an espresso drink or coffee in Los Altos.I love this place because the owner seems to always be there. That shows me dedication in quality.They handcraft each drink, which takes some extra time but it's worth it. The espresso drinks are delicious and have a great mouth feel. When you walk in, you can order your normal drink but they will ask what type of bean you'd like. You can chose between three types of beans, generally.I usually like beans with hints of chocolate because  I feel like they complement milk the best. One of my favorite things about this place is that the drinks are consistent. You don't get irritable, over worked high school kids slinging you a cup of their interpretation of coffee. You always get perfectly crafted, well balanced drinks, in a friendly atmosphere from wonderful employees who seem to love their job and make lovely coffee art in your lattes.It's a great place for coffee, tea and an afternoon snacks.
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,8/20/2014,474,505,7,8,9>Cute little place hidden near the movie theaters. I like the sign they have in front of the restaurant: Does not specialize in rolls. (which is true!) They specialize in fresh sushi and tapas style dining. Not the usual Japanese places with HUGE rolls made for Americans.I highly recommend the tuna and salmon sashimi tower! You'll need to mix the sauce and little dots of mayonnaise together, then pour it over the tower. Eat with won ton chips.. Ask for a little more chips! You'll need it!
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,8/19/2014,66,143,4,4,3>Great upscale yet unpretentious hangout spot in downtown San Mateo with a wide selection of wines and beers, as well as tasty snacks.  We were here with out of town friends on a Sunday afternoon, and shared a bottle of the Two Rivers Blood Orange hard cider and a Weihenstephan Vitus.  Both were delicious.(yelp.com/biz_photos/grap)We also sampled a few cheeses and charcuteries to go with our beer.  Highly recommend the savarin and cheddar cheese ( yelp.com/biz_photos/grap)The ambiance was inviting and the service was very friendly.  There was still  seating available when we came in but it started filling up, and I'd imagine it would be more full during HH or weekend nights.  This would make an excellent choice for a date, a corporate happy hour or a recruiting event.
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2014,8/18/2014,4,11,3,11,8>Most people stumble upon this place on accident. I usually go to tapioca express next door for snow bubbles and saw this cute looking spa. Upon reading great yelp reviews I decided I'd like to see what the hype is all about and find out what it's about. I needed a wax anyway :pSet up a quick appointment thru phone (I learned they have an easy, efficient online system as well), and got my first sugaring appointment for full arms in March with Qui. She was AMAZING. She explained what sugaring was, this organic magic hair removal putty jelly thing made from sugar, water, and lemon juice. The room they do it in is a bit small - but cozy. Nice ambient low lighting. It was also really cold, but not uncomfortable. She spent the next 45 minutes meticulously going over my arms and making sure it was hairless. It was easy to talk to her and she made me feel comfortable, which is important. Then she rubbed this nice soothing lotion after. Also, It didn't HURT(!!!), which I dreaded because I was used to waxing all my life. No more waxing ever! Sugaring forever. Plus, the hair follicles, over time, get thinner and thinner until you're hairless. No chemicals, no ingrowns. Right now, I'm just doing arms, but they do all body sugaring. I have nothing but good things to say. Sugar spa, where have you been all my life?
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2014,8/17/2014,249,96,26,28,28>This was my first visit to a Russian restaurant, and I'm VERY impressed!The food is great, very authentic, delicious and perfectly served. The athmosphere is of a traditional Russian "tea room", with lovely Russian (rather than Soviet) music. The hosts/owners are very sweet. The service is prompt and the food is very reasonably priced: we had a huge dinner for two -- without alcohol though -- for only $50 or so, and even took leftovers home. We'll most certainly go there again, many times. We want to try everything on the menu (which is, by the way, extensive and illustrated with pictures). Thumbs up!
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,8/16/2014,153,254,6,6,5>Favorite place to run - clearly marked and maintained paved trails, great nature nourishment (with stellar sunset views), a refreshing breeze off the reservoir to push you on a little further than you expected.The only caution I offer is that: there are ticks! I took a long jog this weekend and sat on a bench right off the paved path for about 10 minutes to relax and watch the sun set. When I got home, I noticed a huge deer tick on my arm. Eeek! Next time, I'll avoid the benches and/or layer on some DEET before my run.
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2014,8/15/2014,305,547,4,4,6>Decided to switch up my fitness routine again; forgot how much of an intense workout the ballet bar could provide.Long story short: it's different from pure barre, a lot less gimmicky, and more straight to the point. I felt like at pure barre, I really needed the music and lighting to get me "in the mood" whereas at bar method, I barely notice the music because I'm wincing in pain from holding the correct posture. Of course, it also depends on the instructor... my favorite instructor is Marisa because she has this calming voice, and she's really diligent about correcting form. She also takes the time to remember peoples' names. I also really like Taylor- she's got a really spunky energy, which I appreciate.Clean facilities, and parking usually isn't an issue.Oh, and be warned.. if you're not wearing socks, a certain instructor (who shall remain nameless) will make you leave the room to purchase them. Meh. $12 bucks?!
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,8/14/2014,146,135,5,8,6>This is where I get most of my exercise lately and I tell you, it is enough.  Bikram is very challenging in many ways BUT what sets it apart from other practices is that it also challenges you to stay in the moment and in the now.  It will NOT let you auto pilot for a minute.  You have to pay attention to poses and to not DIE from heat.  I LOVE it and I swear by it.  The studio is small and the changing room is as well BUT you don't come here to socialize OR dilly dally in the changing room.  When you come here, you come here to sweat and be grounded.  LOVE this place.  My favorite teachers are Bill, Diane, and Iliana - not sure if that's how you spell her name.  If you haven't done bikram - come see what it's about.  You will be happy, healthy and soooo sexy defined.  Bikram will help you hug your bones, hence, definition.
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,8/13/2014,436,1018,8,6,6>I've recently wanted to have a steady volunteer gig and I was recommended that I should literally do something in my neighborhood to help.  Luckily, I found Mountain View Library and I had never even been (I just have to OWN my books),  The parking is very easy though I haven't gone during peak hours for downtown.  It has its own little lot and plenty of street parking.  Additionally, I get lost every where I go but fortunately I didn't this time and it was easy to find.The inside is really well laid out, clean and was shocked at how nice it was.  After being introduced to my volunteer  with the "Friend of the Library" gig, I wandered around and found the library so large, very organized and the staff incredibly polite.  I especially enjoy seeing the teen lounge though I wish I had seen actual teens in there.  Also, the kids section was so cute and I loved seeing parents reading with their children.  This would be a great place to study, browse, teach or learn.  I will enjoy actually becoming a member and look forward to owning a library card - it's been like 25 years!
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2014,8/12/2014,13,101,6,9,7>"Trust me Dennis, you don't want to order seafood at a steakhouse." --my friend Jill, who worked at a steakhouse.As an Emerald Hills resident of going on six years now, I'd say that I've been to Canyon Inn about 20 times, and almost every time I keep trying to order something that is even modestly healthy like a quesadilla or salad or tuna melt, and every time I leave I think it was pretty good, but not great, although the beer was really good as were the cool wood booths and hundreds of pictures of various celebrities and locals who ate there.  For those who didn't know, Joe Montana had lived in Emerald Hills during the 80's, and Canyon Inn had served him burgers numerous times, which he apparently loved.  I am a Dallas Cowboys fan, so naturally it would take me five years to try what Joe tried, and I got a burger.Man these burgers are good.  Real good.  That's when I think about my friend Jill and realized that for years I was ordering mexican food at a burger joint, and therefore missing out on the entire experience.A couple of points:  on weekend lunches, I've had some long waits, and I'm sorry, the fries are not comparable to say In n Out (but they aren't bad).  Big portions though. However, back to what I said before, they have a cool rustic decor, awesome burgers, and a friendly wait-staff.  Trust me on the burgers, while they are as far from health food as you can get, sometimes it's okay to give your heart a workout without exercising.  If you want mexican, go to Sancho's across the street. But for burgers, I'll be coming here much more often.
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2008,2/26/2008,164,294,5,5,6>This has to be one of the nicest cement ramp parks I've ever ridden for big bikes (26" whls)The transitions are nice and tall and there's a 7 foot vert spine that will make you check your sack at the door (even the locals weren't hittin' it, frikin' p*ssies)Technically, bikes are not allowed there, prominent $100 fine signs remind you of the fact, but judging by the amount of bmxers and lack of helmets by all breeds, the popo has all but given upEven heard the when the man rolls up, the unwritten rule is to just go away for 5 mins and come back laterOf course this ghetto-ish skatepark has all the qualities that make a jump park great.Skeezy public bathrooms, shredded blunt wrapper remnants at the bottom of the ramps, perma-stoned, barely 18 drug dealers puffin away and making deals at smoke rings' length of the poorly supervised, 5 year olds swarming all around at every hidden corner wating to get run tha f*ck overIt's even close to caltrain, so you can shoot down to RC via train and avoid the painful drive during single person occupant commute time on 101.Best of all it's free, just make sure you have good medical insurance and know how to take a hard, hard fall on concrete, don't complain or sue if you manage to pop your bones on out your skin (not that I would know anything about that...)I'll be back, got a spine to conquer (and some teeth to loose)Tip: A great site with a comprehensive list of skateparkscaliskatz.com/v4/index.a-- keys dj mtb mountain bike urban dirt jump jumping xgames skateboard snowboard rollerblade inline
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2007,2/25/2008,4,36,,9,6>This place is a beautiful, upscale Cantonese banquet restaurant.  You won't embarrass your great-uncle from Hong Kong if you take him here for shark's fin soup and abalone.  It's really pricey for Chinese, like Ming's--because they use the best ingredients and have a very skilled kitchen.  Don't come alone, and bring a friend who knows Chinese banquet food so you don't spend money on a $28 dish that you're unsure about.Nobody makes fish like the Cantonese.  I recommend any dish with sea bass--unlike the sauce-rubbed filets at your trattoria or brasserie, Cantonese sea bass slides off your fork in glistening flakes that melt in your mouth.  The sauteed minced chicken in lettuce cups come steaming off the wok onto your table, and the Peking duck is classic in slices of with crackly skin and juicy breast.
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2007,2/24/2008,59,135,9,7,10>I used to have a guy on the side that my husband didn't know about.  You might know him though.  He's this older man, sports a full beard and mustache.  Known to sport a yellow beanie and smoke an old school pipe.  People call him Beard Papa.  I thought when I found Beard Papa, I had found true love (or maybe it was just intense lust.)   But now I know I was SO WRONG.  Beard Papa just doesn't compare to the new love in my life...Romolo's{sigh}  Where do I start??  Their Canollis are amazing.  Better than anything that has ever tried to pass as a Canoli.  Perfectly flaky.  The filling so creamy and light.  The chocolate covered are perfection.  I love how they are presented to you on a little old fashioned tea tray, sitting in their little paper dishes. Oh, but I don't limit my infidelities to Romolo's Canolis.  There are of course their Tartufos.  Little mounds of ice cream and chocolate bliss.  Vanilla ice cream with a surprise chocolate ice cream center, covered in chocolate, and topped with a few chocolate chips.  A great hand held ice cream treat.Move over Beard Papa, you've been replaced in my affair with food.
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2008,2/22/2008,211,461,9,9,11>I was driving by here riding shotgun with John H. when we heard a certain fedora wearing fool pipe up from the back about how Mr. Pickles was a damn tasty, down to earth deli. John H. shot back with how Mr. Pickles sounds like the name for some creepy third rate porn. We all laughed but got the name stuck in our head and lo and behold, we ended up going there for lunch. Ok this place got 4 stars off the bat for having a staff that was obviously having a good time with the customers and each other during the busy lunch rush. Plus I like to see businesses that employ  people with visible piercings and tattoos. I also dig that they have music playing (via Ipod) at a volume where you can totally understand the person you are ordering a sandwich from but it makes it near impossible to be able to hold a conversation on a cell phone without saying what every other word. Concidence? I think not.Their menu is quite impressive with plenty of combinations of meat, sauces, cheese, avocado, bacon, etc plus their standard everything includes pesto, peppers, pickles,etc. Hooray for stuff piled between chunks of bread (which of course you choose as well)! If I had taken a menu I would inform/ tease you about all the delicious combos they have to offer but I didn't so you will have to go and see the tastiness yourself. The shop itself is a tiny hole in the wall on El Camino and at lunch the line can curve around the interior of the shop and out on to the sidewalk. Not too worry the wait isn't too bad. However due to lack of eating space, I'd strongly recommend ordering your stuff to go with a place to eat in mind. The shop and the menu are definatly reflections of the local community in that there are references to Aragon and Serra everywhere (even on the menu!). So yeah, Mr. Pickles, not third rate porn, a great place to get a sandwich.
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2008,2/21/2008,854,542,11,10,6>====================================(UPDATE 02/03/2008)     FIVE STARS!!====================================As part of a One-Year Anniversary for Kobe Sake's expansion/addition of the bar-side of the restaurant, four friends and I took part in a $50 all-you-can-eat/all-you-can-drink party Min hosted.  FANTASTIC EVENING!!The spread of food was impressive!! A steamy mushroom miso that vanquished any chill from rain outside!Trays and trays of sashimi and rolls prep'd throughout the night!Hearty servings of aromatic beef Curry udon that was guiltily delicious!A sizzling platter of what i believe was unagi collar with a sweet glaze!There was so much food to choose from, I had to cheat the diet a little...And, of course, it wouldn't have been a night at Kobe Sake without SAKE BOMBS!For 4 hours, we pounded away on pitchers of cider/Kirin and countless shots of sake!  Every couple of minutes, "ICHI!  NI!  SAN!  SAKE BOMB!!" would be chanted around the bar followed by the clinkitty-clink of quickly emptied glasses and cups.I tell you, its a mystery to me how Min maintains so well after drinking so much...The next event Min hosts at Kobe Sake, you can count on me being there...!!          ICHI!  NI!  SAN!  SAKE BOMB!!!            *splash*glug-glug-glug*clink*                      YEAHHHHHH!=============================(Original review: 4-stars, 01/22/2008)(note: the two times I've been here, I've been drinking... heavily..., so though I really enjoyed what I did have 01/20/07, I'm not going to write much, if at all, about it... s'only fair, yes?)                         "I say 'sake'... you say 'bomb'!"                                "SAKE...?"     "... BOMB!"                                 "SAKE...?"     "... BOMB!"                                "SAKE...?"     "... BOMB!"And that's how my first visit here started and ended, last July for my good friend KT's big birthday bash!  Oh oh oh, and what a blurry montage of sexy memories that night was...So when she suggested we go there for dinner again - half jokingly because it was "the best birthday party [she] doesn't remember" - I was excited!Walking up to the small two room restaurant, one of the first things you might notice is the YELP sticker on the door.  Ah, that brought a giggle from the girls, them knowing (and being a little concerned) about my current compulsion towards e'rything Yelp...The restaurant-side of the business (though food is served on both sides) is small.  24-30 customers would constitute "packed" in this room, but it was cozy, especially for a Sunday night.  The "sake bar" side is very simply a bar with a single row of tables down the center opposite the bar that runs the length of the room; definitely a drink-serving, purpose-driven design.  No pretense here, this is a neighborhood place...The dcor on both sides is kitschy - in a "J-pop is juvenile but meant for adults" kind of way - with oversized prints and murals of undemanding simple art (bold 2-dimensional paintings of fish and underwater scenes), but the atmosphere from restaurant side to bar side are as different as night an day.  While the restaurant side is accented in bright lighting, warm(er) colors, and wood/bamboo tones, the sake bar side is awash in cool blues and aqua hues, spot lighting over the bar, and the thud-thud-thud of music (usually hip-hop! Yea-YAY!).  And the last I checked, there is a DJ on Friday/Saturday nights...Food.  I liked everything we had ordered this night; the Princess Karen roll, the Volcano roll(?), and the San Bruno roll.  But I was particularly taken with the Curry Katsu Don rice bowl!!  I only had a taste, but Ah, I might have to cheat the diet for that next time...Drinks. Kobe Sake serves 2 things; sake & [Japanese] beer.... And...  drinks made with sake & [Japanese] beer.   Did you get all that?   Hot sake.  Chilled sake.  Beer.  Sake bombs.  Sake cocktails.  And try cider bombs instead, if your not into beer.Now, the most characteristic draw to of Kobe Sake is the staff.  Our (so-cute-I-was-distracted-everytime-she-walked-by) waitress was excellently attentive and friendly.  And then there's Min(?)...AWESOME Min, who I believe is the owner and executive chef, is an unforgettable personality!  He exuberantly mingles with his customers, making dining (but particularly, drinking) here a personal experience; its not uncommon for Min to personally come to your table, chat it up, see how you like the food, and then treat your party (and himself) to a round of sake bombs.  How, at the end of the night, he can remember everyone's names (and he does!) and still be functional after drinking that many sake bombs (and he does!) is beyond me... but it makes for a fun night out!Southbay'rs: Min is entertaining the idea of opening up a store somewhere thisaway.  When/if he does... you'll know where to find me...!  BOMBS AWAY!!
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/14/2007,2/20/2008,126,110,17,9,9>I don't know much about the Donner Party. Pioneers - blah blah blah -  snow - blah blah blah - trapped - blah blah blah - "Are you gonna eat that leg?" blah blah blah.I do know that it must have been pretty bad to look at the guy next to you and say "Umm - you probably taste like chicken!" (In reality, I know it didn't happen that way. Go with me for effect.)Where was I going with this? Oh yeah...As I left The Mountain House, I wondered:  "If the Donner Party had been trapped near here, I think things would have turned out the same."It has a beautiful setting - Its hard to believe its only 30 or so minutes from San Francisco. Weren't the Donners in the Sierras? Its nice there too. The food...well, the food just wasn't good. The steak was rubbery. The appetizers were burnt. The soup was the worst soup I have ever had - watery and flavorless. When dinner was through, I was still hungry enough to gnaw on the person next to me. The whole Donner thing is now coming into focus for me.I won't eat here again. I would however go back for drinks, as the location and the drive are gorgeous.3 stars for the great location and the strong drinks. "Great location, but its too hard to cook this damn thing on a camp stove. Anybody got an Ax?...What?"
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2007,2/19/2008,13,153,2,5,6>damn -- what a nifty surprise!  my friends and I decided to give 'em a shot, and we were all throughly happy for doing so.  this place feels, well, genuine to me.  they serve-up high-end creole food that is absolutely true to a french/LA mix.I haven't had a good "hush puppy" (translation: little deep-fried cornmeal dumpling) since I moved from the south.  these folks have gone one better by including crawfish (crayfish) hush puppies as an appetizer, served with a perfectly done remoulade.  if you haven't had crawfish before -- think of it as a tiny little lobster... one with the most sweet, tender meat you can imagine.  I could eat a truckload of the little bastards, thank you very much.my entree was alligator picatta.  don't you dare crinkle your nose and think, "eww" either!  alligator is incredibly tasty.  most of the time, in the south, it's pretty simple fare -- alligator tail soup being the dish I remember most.  here, it's got a much more refined spin to it: served as a picatta, it's thinly sliced and pan seared with creole seasonings and a white wine, lemon and caper sauce.  it's a "special" item, not on the regular menu.I usually cringe in fear whenever I hear the word "special" -- that's how most places foist their end-of-life stock off on an unsuspecting public.  not true in this case.  it was one of the most memorable dishes I've had in months.  if the alligator is available when you try this place -- order it!  you won't be sorry.also liked their wine and beer selection.  well thought out.definitely goin' back to this place.  the only reason it doesn't get five stars is because one needs to leave a little room for gary danko and the french laundry, y'know?  they put out kick-ass food along with flawless service to boot.very, very pleased with the experience.  I'm absolutely blown-away that they can do this at the price they do it at.
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2007,2/18/2008,187,468,10,9,10>Okay, so my aunt had a cute little baby girl. However, it's time for my Mom and I to pony up the crib we promised her. Ugh, what a daunting task. So, a couple of months ago, we went to Lullaby Lane and boy o boy did I almost start having convulsions. I damn near threw up baby food I ate when I was a wee baby looking at all the disgustingly sickly cute stuff. It almost made me want a mini-me. Then I saw prices for some of the craziest looking high tech strollers. The cribs are understandably and reasonably priced but the strollers. Man, it's like a down payment on a Lotus or Bentley. As a matter of fact, I've never seen a buggie fold over, in and out in so many gosh darn different ways.  This place gets 5 stars for the men who demo Megatron and Optimus Prime strollers with finesse!!!
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2008,2/16/2008,68,563,2,4,4>Great smelling deli, always a good sign when you walk in and go "ooooh,  it smells yummy in here!"Fairly busy on a Sunday afternoon but they have a pretty good number system that gets people in and out in an orderly fashion.Very good meat and cheese and salad selection. Got myself a salami on a soft roll and it was quite tasty, also got a pint of pasta salad which was also very good. Hubster got a corned beef and cheddar and there wasn't a scrap of it left after he was done.Great bunch of stuff, like pasta, assorted oils (olive, truffle, garlic, etc.) sauce, crackers and more. Would make an awesome pre-picnic stop!
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2008,2/15/2008,676,1583,20,21,19>I seriously have to give them 5 stars. This location actually has ventilation whereas the Union City one does not. Although it is fun to watch annoying children who bap me on the back of my head all night slip on the moist tiles from condensation FLAT ON THEIR FACE, this San Mateo one is a bit better.The ventilation, the layout, the interior (much better than Union City!), and cleaner bathrooms. Everything is good here,mainly due to their flavorful broth that is so full of garlic, black beans, leeks and various other herbs that I cannot identify in English. I do suggest getting both types of broth, 1/2 spicy 1/2 regular. Both are exceptionally tasty. For those who are adventurous and slightly into the  fiery heartburn S&M type food, the spicy broth will do ya good. It's also good to order one or two cold dishes, such as jellyfish. It's nice to munch on that to cool your palette off while waiting for your food to cook.Another notable thing on their menu is the selection of meatballs. They are not the frozen, processed kind you would get when you order pho or purchase in the freezer aisle at the Asian grocery store.  The meat used is fresh, so it is tender, not tough and you can definitely taste the difference. I believe they make the meatballs there themselves. Give the wide noodles a try, they are like wide vermicelli noodles. However, when they cook in the broth it's like all the starches just absorb the delicious broth. If you're a mushroom lover, just do yourself a favor and order the variety platter. It comes with enoki, shitake, oyster and king mushrooms. ORDER THE TARO YAM KNOTS!!!!!!!!! My favorite thing on the menu?Look for it. It's called "Deep Fried and Steamed Butter Rolls"Look, it's not a dinner roll. One order comes with 6, half of which are steamed and the other 3, deep fried. LISTEN TO ME.ARE YOU STILL READING?PULL YOUR CHAIR UP A LITTLE CLOSER.GRAB A PEN.WRITE THIS SHIT DOWN!I KNOW YOU THINK IM CRAZYJUST EFFING DO ITFINE. You're going to regret it when you get to Little Sheep and you forget what I recommended and wish you wrote it like I done told you to do.Request that your ENTIRE order of the butter rolls be deep fried  and that they bring it out at the end of your meal. Dip it in the condensed milk, and you will be thankful. No, you can't order this at any dim sum houses in the Bay Area, my mom told me I can get this in Los Angeles and let me tell you, the last time I had this was in Hong Kong.Be nice to the servers, they work real real hard here..
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2010,1/8/2011,76,236,5,5,5>I only popped in for some sugar but loved the local feel of the store so much I had to explore and came away with a humungous sandwich... and a pot pie... and some fruit... and some cheese... and some wine...Need I go on? There was plenty more but you get the picture, the friendly down-home vibe and great selection of goodies made me do one of my favorite things, impulse buy a whole host of goodies for a impromptu hotel room picnic I didn't know I wanted.
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2010,1/7/2011,905,867,9,19,11>Hawt!....or should I say, spicy!Muracci's 2 is a welcome addition to the Los Altos area and completes a trifecta of quality Japanese places in downtown Los Altos (the others being Akane for sushi and Sumika for grill or oyakodon).  It's not often I get to have a lunch in Los Altos, but I was looking forward to my meal here.  I'm not the biggest curry fan when it comes to going out for curry, mainly because of mediocre curry in the Bay Area (Curry House, Cupertino) and that my mom makes a fantastic chicken curry.  The supermarket packets also make it quite convenient to make your own curry at home.  But Muracci's is well known from San Francisco and I was glad to check out their new outpost.  The restaurant is small, but very clean and nice.  Numerous small tables are spread throughout the small space, but the lighting is warm and welcoming.I decided to try the signature Katsu Curry and was glad to see it included house special pickles as well as a choice between brown and white rice.  Spiciness level can also be dialed to preference...I decided to start with medium.  It took about 10 minutes for the plate to come but I was soon greeted by a large sized plate full of piping hot curry and my crispy katsu.  I had ordered spinach and a boiled egg as extras.  Both were included on the plate....I liked that the spinach was mixed with the curry.Impressions?  Delicious.  This is no supermarket curry.  I've had Muracci's in San Francisco (I think) a long time ago, but I don't remember it being this good.  The flavor has the nice balance of spiciness and depth that's lacking in any packaged product.  The katsu was perfectly cooked as well.  Lean and without fat, the crispy skin melded perfectly with the tender pork.  Needless to say, I was impressed.  Before I knew it, I was finished with my plate and thinking of my next visit.  Service was friendly and polite and if there were any concerns, it's that sometimes you need to repeat your order possibly due to very minor language issues. If there was any complaint about Muracci's, it's that I was hoping that the boiled egg I ordered ($0.75) was going to be soft boiled.  It ended up being a hard boiled egg that was sliced.  Given how good runny yolk tastes with curry, I think it should have been soft boiled.  For future reference though, I did overhear a patron order his egg sunnyside up (for more yolky goodness).  I might do that next time.  Overall, a solid curry house is a welcome addition to the Bay Area Peninsula scene.  I found Muracci's Curry to be delicious and it's one of the more budget options in Los Altos you're gonna find.   Muracci's takes credit cards, but does not accept American Express.
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2010,1/6/2011,674,366,11,13,11>Oh yes, I made sure I was ready for this meal. Light lunch and a bran mini-muffin to make sure everything I eat will end up....Well its best not to mention that. So this place is hidden in the mall where Ranch 99 is in Mountain View. Just look for the HSBC bank and you'll find it right away. The place is much more smaller than I expected but it was just right for a good party of 20 people.  Surprisingly there weren't that many people in the restaurant on a tuesday night so take note on what day to come here.You can order anything on the AYCE lunch menu as well , 24$ gets you a lot of rolls and that includes the handrolled temaki cone rolls. There aren't any plain tuna sashimi dishes, everything comes with the rice and I would be careful ordering since the sizes are usually good for 3 people. In the beginning of the meal, I almost thought it would be a cheaper to order the dishes without the AYCE option since they are big, but wheres the fun in that?  ;)I do have one thought about this place: Too much of the special sauce really kills the flavor of the rolls and they end up too sweet. I prefer the plain rolls actually.
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2010,1/5/2011,1324,243,9,14,13>Oh wow! What a find I might add. Again, it was one of this spur of the moment thing when you are hungry but at the same time you want something filling and good.Somehow thinking we would be lucky to get a table was wishful thinking.  I put my name on the waiting list and they said about 20min.  It turned out an hour later. But wait, considering I harrassed them about it for the hour when my table is ready.  Yet they were very nice and patience to deal with me.  I wasn't rude just plain hungry!I looked at the menu and all I want to do is ordered everything.  Needless to say, I order only 4 dishes.  I ordered a nutty salad that had a strange flavor but good.  We had the pork curry which was very nice with the brown rice.  Then we had some sort of mix vegetables in a spicy saute sauce that was out of this world.  It had okra with shrimp in it.  Very unusual combination but blended well together for this dish.Their hospitality was amazing given the fact that I was constantly bothering them.  They did not hold that against me.  They provided very good services and delectable dishes I would recommend in a heartbeat.To end the nite, they bought my friend and I a very tasty mango pudding in a pretty leaf green dish. Yummy!  What a way to end the nite.  As busy as they were, they gave us the undivided attention. Now I give them prop for that plus a star as well.
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2010,1/4/2011,637,255,9,11,12>I drive by this place 4 times a week when I go to the neighboring 24-hour Fitness. I've seen the advertised low prices. Nonetheless I never went to this little market until last weekend. What the hell was wrong with me?All these years I've been in the U.S. I have incessantly complained about the high fresh produce prices and the lack of quality they often come with. I AM IN LOVE! You can get everything here. For affordable prices. One of the employees heard me be bummed out that they were out of fresh thyme. 20 seconds later he's back with a whole box of it. Customer service royale!!!This is what I got for $20:- 3 different cheeses at about 3oz. each (chili havarti, blue cheese, German rhinette)-1 bunch of fresh thyme-1 lb. lychees-6 peaches-1 lb. baby roma tomatoes-6 baby cucumbers-5 kiwis-1 container mango nectar (mixed with vodka, this makes an amazing cocktail)-1 container peach nectar (see above)-6 habanero peppers-1 bunch of green onions-I might have missed some things... :)The cheese alone at other stores would cost me around $15. This place might just turn me into a vegetarian. Although the store was crazy busy, the checkout lines moved at a very efficient pace. You can't beat this place!
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2010,1/3/2011,386,185,13,13,14>I'm not a huge fan of the sausage. Though I can be tempted if the sausage is mixed with diverse deliciousness. I believe most people to be the same. Pure blood sausage is just mundane. Not to mention it's not very American. Although you might find an undercurrent of sausage discrimination still swirling in the Jim Crow south. But who cares about them people, right? Bunch of wieners. Must be a Vienna sausage complex or something. All I know is that they need to re-link-uish the hate.But I digress. In this case, at A Good Morning Cafe, the Chicken Apple Sausage omelet capitulates my taste buds and integrates two foreign flavors in a way that would entice Rosa Parks herself to wrap her buns around it. Add some mushrooms, American cheese, a side of country potatoes and whole wheat toast, and you'll be advocating non-violent Civil disobedience in no time.My favorite idiosyncrasy of the cafe is the outdoor seating area which is dog friendly. The gf and I have taken advantage of this and have enjoyed many a pleasant Sunday morning strolls over with our favorite pooch. The only con is that the service can at times be non existent due to a lack of staffing during peak periods. So make it a point to get there early. And just the tip. . .Love thy sausage.
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2010,1/2/2011,1110,489,15,22,18>Roxy G. (the fabled flatmate) and I just stopped by the Ravioli House to pick up toasted Pulled Pork sandwiches (abt $7), a cold East Coast sandwich (abt $7), and some potato salad (abt $3). The Pulled Pork (4.5/5) is where it's at. Unlike many others I've tried, it's not drenched in BBQ sauce so much that all you really taste is the sauce as opposed to the pork (a plus). I'm racking my brain trying to think of the perfect adjective, but only the simple words: warm, soft, meaty, moist.. flash through my mind. I think "delicious" is the best way to sum it up without getting any more obscene.The East Coast (4/5) was very refreshing.. the fire roasted peppers and jalapeno garlic sauce added just the right amount of kick - a special touch to an otherwise common combination of meats + provolone. I will add that even their meats are exceptionally good!The Potato Salad (3.5/5) was good.. tasty but not over-seasoned and not too creamy.
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2010,1/1/2011,876,750,26,28,25>"Ask a Yelp Whisperer"Question of the Day (QOTD)November 22, 2010Q:Hello. My name is Jesse J. From Jersey. I'm coming this year to visit the parents of my girlfriend, Jenny O. They live in Portola Valley, and they are doing a very traditional holiday meal with all the usual suspects: free-range local turkey being the main thing. I think they will also serve Russet mashed potatoes, mixed greens, maybe some yams, and of course cornbread stuffing and then pies, pumpkin and apple. I wanted to bring a wine or two, not just for the big meal, but maybe also as a gift for Jenny's parents. They like local stuff, especially from this place I have never really heard of - the "Santa Cruz Mountains." They make wine there? Is it like in Napa or something? Remember: I'm from Jersey! Thanks, Yelping dude. I'll owe ya' one!A:Nice to get your question. Wow, Portola Valley, huh? Nice spot to celebrate Thanksgiving. I wish I had a girl like that, Jessie! But the point is probably moot.You asked about wine: two words (well, three): Thomas Fogarty Gewurztraminer. You really can't go wrong, this gem of a wine for less than $15 has been garnering a lot of praise of late, the grapes are from Monterey, but the wine is made in Fogarty's Woodside winery on Skyline Boulevard. In fact, they are making next year's batch right now, which we got a chance to witness at a rare behind-the-scences winery tour this past weekend at their very popular and enjoyable Fall WineFest. The grapes start at around 25% sugar and are fermenting slowly, letting the rich flavors and tastes get extracted. Michael Martella, who is the lead winemaker there, handed out samples of the wine-in-progress. It was maybe 10% sugar, and tasted strongly of the natural yeasts that were busy doing their magic. I think that a bottle or two of the Gewurz would be great for the white wine lovers in the bunch. Their recently-released 2008 SCM Pinot,  a felicitous blend  of estate and locally-sourced grapes, is tasting really, really good at the moment. It's a great option at around $25. And for desert, try their fantastic Amador County port, in the little bottles. Worth every penny! You see, Jessie, California wine is not just about Napa and Sonoma. There is so much more to see and taste! Hope that you and Jenny make many fine memories together. Maybe you could take her and her parents up to Fogarty's for a tasting, even. Have a nice Thanksgiving!
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2010,12/31/2010,676,1464,4,13,9>*** REVIEW #1000!!!!! ***The Hubster and I got married here on 12/11 and they were one of the best vendors to work with. The prices were reasonable for a wedding ceremony. The coordinator there, Amy McNeil was amazing to work with. She was extremely calm and patient throughout the entire booking process and gave us a beautiful tour of the facilities. She worked up a rainy day plan in case we were to get rained out since I was not thinking straight when booking a December wedding!The day of coordinator, Karen was extremely patient and accomodating. The wedding ceremonies at the HMB Golf Links come with a golf cart tour of their courses post ceremony the photoshoots. Karen even called in our lunch order for everyone while we were on the photoshoot so that when we got back to the clubhouse the food was ready and waiting for us.They offer complimentary valet and the service was superb. I can't wait for the pictures to come out!!!!
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/8/2010,12/30/2010,96,109,4,5,5>This place always seems empty. After trying the food, I can't see why.My boyfriend and I took a seat at the bar and ordered the Mt. Everest roll (an interesting roll with scallop and lemon). It seemed different, so we decided to give it a try. Looking over the drink list, the cocktails seemed fascinating but I chose hot tea and waited for my roll. The sushi chef messed up on the first attempt so we had to wait another five minutes (it's a baked roll). I would usually be a little annoyed by this, but the waiter brought us a bowl of warm, salted edamame. It was a nice way to try to remedy the situation and it was greatly appreciated because we were pretty hungry at this point.The roll was light because of the citrus flavor. I was longing for a sweet sauce on it but the soy sauce worked fine. It was interesting to have such a light roll that was served hot. I am still curious about their other rolls and cocktail drinks. I will have to make another visit sometime soon.
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2008,8/14/2008,4,6,4,9,9>People of Palo Alto....I'm really losing faith in you.  Let me guess, your idea of the perfect Italian meal takes place at your local Olive Garden complete with an endless supply of soup and salad followed by an assortment of over 10 types of Chicken Parmesan.  If that's the case, I suppose that La Strada's menu will be quite a shock to you.Let me start out by noting how open and relaxed the ambiance is.  You've got your choice of outdoor seating, indoor seating, bar seating or chef's counter.  This is a medium sized restaurant that might seem small to you because they are pretty much always packed (with non Olive Garden patrons who actually appreciate the cuisine).  They have a cozy and charming semi-private room that I've dined in on several occasions, but I definitely prefer the chef's counter so that I can watch them prepare everything (and try to figure out how they make everything taste so damn good!).The wine list is superb.  I can honestly say that I've enjoyed some of the best Italian wines around while dining at La Strada.  They serve their wine in beautiful stemware too (which always adds to the experience).Now, onto the food.  No visit to La Strada would be complete without sampling their Affettati della Casa.  They offer Prosciutto, Mortadella, Salame, Bresaola and Speck, but you'll never forgive yourself if you don't just order a huge heaping pile of their super thinly sliced Parma Prosciutto (solo).  Eating this on a slice of their Rosemary Focaccia Flatbread is absolutely heavenly.  I could go on and on about most of the menu items at La Strada since I've sampled most of them, but that might be boring for you to read.  Plus, after reading my review, you'll want to head down there to try out some of their dishes for yourself (so I won't spoil all of your fun).I will mention that their pizzas are unlike any other that you've had (not thick but not too thin with a perfect balance of toppings), their pastas are truly inspired (don't miss the Casonsei alla Bergamasca), risotto's are so good you'll never be able to eat this dish anywhere else again and their simple yet fresh and flavorful fish offerings will make you wonder how they make it taste so good with so few ingredients.For dessert, don't skip the Warm Valrhona Chocolate Souffle or their take on Tiramisu (with Caramel Sauce!).Service has always been friendly and attentive and parking is a cinch too (since there is a garage directly behind the restaurant).Don't be fooled by the other reviews.  Try it out for yourself.  You won't be disappointed.  Thanks for all the great dining experiences La Strada!  I look forward to many, many, many more.
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2008,8/13/2008,183,35,8,8,8>If I were to eat my last Filipino meal on earth and no way to go back to the Phils, i would say that I would run to this place and have sinigang na bangus belly and their oh-so-yummy brazo de mercedez desert. Servers are friendly (not the overfriendly-give-me-a-huge-tip kind) but they sure scare the heck out of me when they just pop up like a ninja to ask how our food are. Service: 4 stars!Parking is not so great because you have to play musical chairs with the people who are eating at the ribshack and chicken wings place and maybe even comic book shoppers. 3 stars!Food, yum... I haven't tried every single item in the menu, but so far, my Filipino palate is satified. Food: 4 stars!Price is very reasonable, so I give it 4 stars!Simply put, I don't leave without a happy tummy, so I guess my overall rating for this is 4 stars! Yay!
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2008,8/12/2008,75,138,5,6,5>A certain burrito focused website steered me toward La Tapatia and I was able to convince a few blokes from the office to join me there for lunch. A somewhat easy to miss spot on Grand avenue but it will be known to you by its black tile facade.Once inside you will weave your way through the aisles, past the jars of sauces, the homemade tortillas, etc. you will arrive at the counter where a few chaps await your order. If I show up at a mexican place for the first time my instinct is to order the Carne Asada, which I did. My beef (no pun intended) with No.Cal Mexican food (vs. that from my hometown of San Diego) is that in order to enjoy my most coveted condiment - GUACAMOLE - i must pay extra and get what is called a super burrito. At La Tapatia I am okay with this? Why? Because it costs a whopping $5.20 (vs $4.35 for a regular). At other places I will probably pay $6.95 for said Super Burrito and with a drink I'm pushing $9. But I digress! Let's talk burrito. This place grills the tortilla first! Terrific! Harkens back to my homeland. Let's NOT put the tortilla in a steamer! There's a concept. Also - let's not pull the meat out of a steam tray! My carne asada was sitting on the grill ready for action - upon order it was summarily chopped up and cooked to tender yumminess. Then rather than strange looks when I ask for no rice, they ask if I want everything. I can then specify that I want "un poquito frijoles", salsa, sour cream, GUACAMOLE and a lil bit of queso. This burrito is truly super! What amazing bang for the buck. It is truly huge, definitely among the largest ! How about flavor? It all works in sweet burrito harmony! No issues with guacamole being on only one end of the burrito, or unmelted cheese and it all tastes good, unequivocally the best taqueria  - or I suppose "Mexicatessen" - experience I have had in Northern California. Next time I will try the carnitas which is raved about!For $5 and change and maybe another buck you are eating quite a large meal at a great value. Pick a sunny day, grab your food and walk across the street to SSF City hall and sit on a bench and discuss the workings of the world (or bitch about work, whatever). A fellow I work with will order the carnitas by the pound, pick up tortillas and take it home to his family. Sounds like good times.I give 5 stars evaluating La Tapatia against its other Nor Cal neighbors, but while my mexican food heart remains in SD, this is truly good stuff.
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2008,8/11/2008,305,300,6,7,8>The Yumi Yogurt logo made me a little skeptical of this place.  Parted red lips, a tongue... wasn't sure what to make of it.  Looked a little like a logo you'd see outside a movie arcade, if you know what I mean.Despite the confusing logo, this place is GREAT.  I've been here several times when my willpower was too weak to resist a frozen treat.  Here's the rundown.-The line can be long, but it moves pretty quickly.  Also, there's something rejuvenating and nostalgic about waiting in line at a yogurt/ice cream shop. Makes you want to make out with your date/husband like a teenager while waiting in line.- The portions are generous and makes it a value at the price.  Certainly a better bargain than Coldstone or Baskin Robbins.- They do a heck of a job packing it to go. Lid, saran wrap, no accidents.- Good variety of toppings.  Vanilla yogurt and oreo cookies, I'm in heaven.It's a cash only place, so be prepared.  Really creamy, delicious stuff!  I have simple tastes, always vanilla yogurt, then sometimes I just get Oreos or Reese's PB cups.  Sooooo good, worth the wait and paying in cash!
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2008,8/10/2008,258,437,5,6,10>This place was recommended to me by a bunch of friends and they did not disappoint.  This place is great.First let it be known food is made to order, so sometimes certain orders take a bit of time to make.I ordered the laing, and oh my god is it good.  Incredibly rich and filling I was only able to eat a third.  But man was it good.  The lumpia shanghai was awesome as well.  We ordered the appetizer size but got a massively huge plate overflowing with lumpia.  Kickass.My friend ordered a sizzling pork dish which she and my other friend adored, but I wasn't a big fan of.  To be fair its not because of the dish itself, I'm just not a fan of pork.  My other friend ordered the catfish which I won't eat either.  Not a catfish fan.  It looked over-charred but my friend said it was perfect.  The presentation however was amazing on that dish.  I ordered a halo halo special and its probably the best I've ever had.  And huge!  Two of us couldn't finish it.  My third friend ordered a regular halo halo and had no problem finishing hers.  I think the giant scoop of mango ice cream on top of the special is what did us in.Service was very good.  Our waiter was very accommodating when I asked a weird request - to sign a hand drawn map (Filipino GPS as I dubbed it) my friend had made so I could find the place (and prove I used it after he took the time to do so).  He (luckily) had a sense of humor about it.  The decor is cute and quaint, very family friendly.  I can see why it is so popular.  If you are a fan of Filipino food or have never tried it, this is the place to go.  You won't be sorry.
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2008,8/9/2008,131,312,3,6,6>After last night's disappointing sushi experience I wanted something to make up for it. I've always wanted to go here and finally did tonight. we ordered the following: lambada roll (tuna & salmon top w// avocado, tobiko and spicy Joy sauce)snow white roll (deep fried prawn w/ white tuna & joy special sauce) Hawaiian roll (crunch, crab meat, cucumber topped w/ white tuna and mango special sauce)paradise roll (CA roll topped w/ hamachi, mango and joy special sauce) baked lobster sauce (CA roll w/ lobster and joy special Sauce) Whatever that joys special sauce is, its good! The fish is fresh yes, buttery and soft fresh. Oh and did i mention those rolls were huge, I mean HUGE! They were the size of my closed fist. Good thing we didn't order like crazy or else we would have had left over for the next week! After ordering we were promptly brought salad and miso soup.As you walk in you see the sushi car to your left so you can see them prepare your food. Wooden tables all over for cozy seating. There a huge selection (20+) of sake and yes they have plum wine.There's an upstairs section for private events. Our waitress was friendly, then again we did hand her a list of the sushi we wanted. The prices are reasonable considering the rolls are huge and the fish is fresh.
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2008,8/8/2008,2065,133,10,14,11>So our good friends, Pam and Doug, give us a last second heads up!  "We got a babysitter, let's go out Sat. night".  K...so this was Thurs., pretty much everything in Palo Alto and Menlo Park are booked solid because of Stanford Graduation but Rose comes up with a 7:30pm reservation at "Carpaccio".  Hmmm....none of us have ever been here but let's give it a shot.  It's very rare that Pam and Doug get a babysitter so Pam suggests to meet there at 6:30 so we can start drinking!  NICE!Rose and I get to downtown Menlo Park at 6:30, the streets are vacant, there is no one around!  Did a neutron bomb go off, what's going on?? Downtown is a ghost town.  We open the door to Carpaccio and the place is jammed at 6:30pm!  Jammed, even the bar is jammed.  WTF, is everyone in Menlo in this restaurant? Did all these people with blue hair survive the blast or was it the carpeted floor or acoustic ceiling that shielded them.  Wow, the place is hopping.Talk about a throw back Italian restaurant this place was right out of "Goodfellas"!  We stood at the bar and ordered our drinks, the bartenders do it right here,  very generous pours and always attentive. In fact, if you're craving an excellent martini, this is the place. They serve them with a chilled overpour of gin or vodka to make sure you still get a full, fresh helping of booze after your first few sips. We were seated promptly at 7:30!  Our waiter who was prompt and efficient not to say very good looking according to Rose and Pam as they gushed about him the whole evening, even to the point where Doug even admitted he had a man crush on him!  WTF...How about me..I'm Italian.  Finally the food, everyone loved their meal.  I had the NY steak and it was cooked perfectly, exactly how I asked for it.  It melted in my mouth. Rose ordered the sole, which was smothered in a light tomato garlic sauce. Everyone cleared the food off their plates if that is any indicator of how good it was. To sum it all up, we had zero expectations coming in but left having a fantastic time with excellent food, drink and service.  Bottom line...Yo Vinnie, we will be back!!
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2008,8/7/2008,82,52,16,11,12>I've been stuck in the bubble that is Palo Alto for the past two and a half weeks.  Being that I am a Cal Golden Bear through and through I am supposed to hate this place...  Prices are through the roof and it lacks the diversity that I love in Berkeley, but try as I might, I cannot bring myself to do it.  There are far too many good eateries here to hate this place.  There are some other redeeming qualities in this town, but I'm not going to admit them.Evvia is the latest of my culinary adventures at the Farm and it's oh so good.  Although the restaurant was packed both nights that I dined here, the service was great.  Just the right amount of attentiveness, without the hover that some servers mistake for good service.  After trying many different dishes these are my favorite: Salata Epohis and Katsiki Yiouvetsi, a.k.a. a yummy salad and braised goat.  The salad had shaved fennel, heirloom cherry tomatoes, manouri cheese and Marcona almonds.  The sweet tomatoes along with the light licorice flavor of fennel balanced the creaminess of the cheese and the richness of the almonds.  Perfectly dressed and perfectly seasoned.  The braised goat was beautifully presented in the earthenware dish in which it was cooked.  Tender and flavorful without any excess fat.  The artichokes, roasted garlic, pearl onions and feta were the perfect accompaniments to the Napa valley goat and orzo.  Don't be afraid of goat because it's delicious!  Palo Alto may be winning me over, but I can still bitch about Stanfurd.  Stupid tree... :)
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2008,8/6/2008,632,981,5,10,11>Eeny, meeny, miny, mo.  As it turned out my random pick for dinner turned out to be a pretty good pick.  Ni-Mo is a big restaurant nicely decorated with soft pastel colors, wood tones, stained bamboo and an abundance of plant life.  The sushi counter is longer than most, but I chose to grab a smaller table since I wasn't planning to have any sushi.  I was one of the first customers to walk in during the dinner hour and the waitress asked me to just take a seat.  The menu is beautiful with color photos of many of their bento box combinations.I ordered a drink and placed my order for the House Ramen and an order of Gyoza.  Along with my drink came a generous portion of edamame (yelp.com/biz_photos/Yjal).  I really liked the slightly seasoned soy beans which were served at room temperature, but I really didn't get to enjoy them because my food order came out so quickly.First came the Gyoza (yelp.com/biz_photos/Yjal) on a single lettuce leaf with a vinegar-based dipping sauce.  The sauce was a bit sour even for my taste, but the gyoza was perfectly fine without the sauce.  The gyoza was perfectly browned on one side of the skin which was so thin it was almost translucent.  A well-seasoned lean pork filling sat inside.  I had eaten just two of the gyoza when the big bowl of ramen arrived.The House Ramen (yelp.com/biz_photos/Yjal) had thin slices of pork sitting on top along with half of a hard-boiled egg, napa cabbage, corn and bamboo shoots.  As I dove my chopsticks into the bowl up came some colorful pink and white fish cake.  There was a mountain of chewy, thin egg noodles underneath the light brown soy-based broth.  A single piece of shrimp tempura was served with the ramen.  I thought it was cool that the tempura was presented beside the bowl of ramen instead of placed on top of the soup.  This helped to keep the light batter nice and crisp.  The tempura was just okay as neither the shrimp itself nor the tempura batter had any flavor to it.  It kind of just tasted like hot oil.  The pork slices were tender with just a small amount of fat on each piece.  The broth was seasoned a bit saltier than I would have preferred so I left most of it while trying to fish out the little kernels of corn in the bottom of the soup. I found that the pork slices were a bit saltier than the soup so it didn't really help to dunk each piece into the hot soup to try to get rid of the salt.  Overall though, just the amount of noodles left me stuffed.The service was very good.  Because of the early time I dropped in for dinner I actually got waited on by both waitresses.  The restroom was very clean too.
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2008,8/5/2008,133,439,10,11,7>Okay, I'm going to cut the crap.  This is going to be a serious effing review to show you and your army that I am SERIOUS about eating.  For serious. Okay. FOOD: Let's start witht the appetizers: 1) Grilled whole Squid (Ika) - Anyone who likes squid is definitely going to like this.  I wasn't even aware that squid are so gigantic and tasty straight grilled and sliced into pieces.  Chewy, but not like rubber.  Good.2) Grilled Beef Tongue w/ Lemon - I love weird stuff.  I LOVE IT.  And this tasted so ridiculously good that I was about to sing praise in  honor of the tastiness that is thinly sliced grilled beef tongue w/ lemon.  Doesn't have the livery taste and texture of asian dim sum style beef tongue I've had.  FABULOUS.3) Pork Stomach - If you like tripe, and will eat "ngau jap" then this is for you!  It's like the Japanese version!  I LOVE stuff like this!4) Ankimo - Monk fish liver.  Creamy, easy on the tongue, smooth, fresh, and great portions.  Very very good. Rolls: E 4th Roll - This was good.  But nothing really spectacular, the fillins' seemed to be a little stingy. But it was okay tasting, though I have no say nothing really  popped out at me. Mango Roll - This was good, although I would have liked it to have more mango; the flavors worked well with each other, and the mango gave it a very nice sweet taste that complimented well with the fish, but more mango please. Salmon Skin Roll/Handroll - Of course, I love salmon skin.  However, this was alright.  The skin to meat ratio was not good enough; I prefer more crisply cooked skin and some of the natural oils from the skin to mix with a slight bit of meat to make the perfect chewy, tasty mess that is salmon skin. Spicy Scallop Roll - Packed quite a spicy kick for those who aren't expecting it; I personally liked it because it was spicy. MMM. Meaty. Spicy Tuna Roll - See Above (pretty much the same thing). Set Dinners: Beef Negiyama - very good.  Would have liked a little less sauce; I'd ask for it on the side, but it was still doable.  Cut into manageable pieces and cooked right; not too raw. Other: Kisaku Chef Combo Sashimi - I have to say I was surprised by this as it came with UNI. UNI!  It was a bit on the slimey side, so I'm not sure how fresh it was but it wasn't bad; it was actually pretty good, the other fish was fresh and thick cuts, and to have included UNI was very surprising.  We had some other stuff too, but I really dont remember anymore.  I remember it being good; however, I think I would definitely come here more for the special appetizers and specials that they have on the board.  Skip the dinners and maybe even the rolls in favor of specials on the board/appetizers. SERVICE:Hmm. I don't know about this one; it was nice but the lady serving us (short hair, thin) was kind of rude; she was explaining something on the menu and I said, oh really? And she retorted with "YES, REALLY" and started snickering.  ..... Uh ok...b*tch.  Really. I spent a lot of money, so dont piss me off. Four stars for the food, and...2.75 for the service.
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/3/2008,6/19/2008,733,936,6,9,9>I've been here a few times in the last few months.  I had written a longer review but I accidentally surfed away from the page and lost it all, CURSES!Overall M&5 has pretty good food, but the service is spotty and dings them a star.  The place is always crowded and busy but this detrimentally affects service and the place just gets so loud.  The lighting is often dim and combined with the tables being just a little too close together, it can make someone feel claustrophobic despite the very open-space feel.I don't have any pictures and I can't remember the item names, but mostly everything I've had there is very good, deserving of a 4.  There are a lot of Italian places on University so if I had to do a quick ranking of the ones I've been to: Vero, Pro Bono, M&5, La Strada, Pasta?
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2008,6/18/2008,307,384,9,13,11>I have been thinking long and hard about what my 100th review would be and so here it goes.Sometimes you might just be looking for a friend.  There is no guarantee that you will find one the first time you walk in or the 2nd for that matter but you can know that the people who work here are patient and calm and have the biggest hearts ever.  If I worked here I would want to take everyone home with me.. (the animals that is) unfortunately, living in a condo in SF makes that a little bit difficult (maybe one day I will have a farm.. hmmm. interesting thought)...Anyway, I know that there are quite a few animal rescue organizations in the bay area (which is fabulous by the way) and I definitely recommend checking this one out.  You never know, you might go home with a new best friend...
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2008,6/17/2008,855,578,7,6,7>Oh, how I love me some buffalo wings :)I have to say that every time I have wings at any joint, I'm usually pretty satisfied. But MAN, this little spot in San Bruno rocks my buffalo world! So GOOD, so CHEAP!!!! It is a greasy little dive, but it is a GEM. When I used to live in the neighborhood, I swear I had to refrain from coming here daily! Other Yelpers have mentioned their homemade chips... I don't care too much for that. I mean, it's good, but this place is all about the wings, fo sho.I miss you, Original Buffalo Wings.
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2008,6/16/2008,46,211,,8,5>I came here for lunch for the first time today, and I was pleasantly surprised -- this place is a gem.My dining companions and I shared some hummus to start out with.  I expected the normal pita squares to accompany it, but instead we got some yummy, dense bread to spread it on.  The hummus itself was quite good.I had the "Salad Favorite" for lunch -- shrimp kabob atop mixed greens with a lemony vinaigrette, plus mushrooms, cucumbers and thin-sliced tomatoes.  Very tasty.There's also a nice little outdoor seating area, and the service was quick and efficient.  I'll definitely be back again for lunch.
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2007,6/14/2008,990,678,3,7,7>So my friend and I stopped by Harmony on the way back from a day of shopping in San Francisco and it was easy to get to. Right smack in Downtown San Carlos, parking was free since it was Sunday and the weather was nice and breezy. As soon as I walked in, I can hear alternative music playing such as Green Day. The owner is a big fan of alternative music so he wanted to give the place a different vibe. The fruit toppings were fresh but not that many strawberries on ours. Oddly enough, I noticed they do weigh their yogurt and toppings. Nevertheless, he did top our yogurt with granola on the house for coming so far away (San Jose) to try out Harmony. However, kiwi, mochi, fruity pebbles, and some other toppings were missing from the toppings bar/menu. In addition, as other reviewers stated, they use Straus organic yogurt and it has more of a creamy taste. Maybe a hint of honey, lemon juice, and some cream. Their business cards have a one dollar off coupon on them and the staff is very nice. They are looking to open up at least 5 more locations and for one of the first few Pinkberry clones, it is a great start for him. He stated he has had over 25 new customers coming in all from Yelp and they will definitely spread the word. After we left, my friend and I did wanted more but we were already on 101 in Palo Alto. Next time and I will include pictures!
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2008,6/13/2008,140,479,4,3,4>Came here on a Friday night, loved the extremely laid back, chill environment this bar carries. As mentioned beforehand by my friend, there's an older crowd here at this bar plus Stanford graduate students when compared to the rest of downtown Palo Alto.Reasonably priced beers and a bartender with attitude made for an amusing stop before continuing the night elsewhere. No cutting or shoving your way to the front to get a beer, the bartenders do a good job of helping people in order so wait your turn and get in line. Not even having a girl order for you will give you an advantage. Fail attempt. I didn't get a chance to try out the food but if you love beer, they have a good selection of beer on tap to complement any of your tastes. Add one to my goto spots in PA.
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2008,6/12/2008,493,463,8,9,9>This review, while detailing the ordering experience at Specialty's will serve as a virtual "Eat This. Not That." lesson if you will ....EAT THIS- Turkey Pesto: Roasted turkey breast, pesto, muenster cheese, mustard, bell peppers, basil and organic spinach on a country ciabatta roll.  (412 cal; 2g fiber; 15g fat)NOT THAT- Organic Spinach, Strawberry & Goat Cheese Salad: Organic Spinach, Goat Cheese, Candied Walnuts, Strawberries, Raspberry Walnut Dressing.  (745 cal; 8g fiber; 67g fat) HOLY CHRIST ALMIGHTY HUH????Catch my drift here?  I met up with some friends for a weekday lunch, escape from the office.  I thought, I'll get myself a nice and healthy salad... Cool beans.  This works.  I saunter up to the computer terminal -- yah you can plug in your order at this computer terminal instead of waiting in line to order.  And the best part is that this computer terminal, like their website, shows you the calorie count of what you're ordering.ME:  Hmmmmm, oh this organic spinach salad sounds delish.  "Edit".  Oh yummmm, look at all those healthy veggies, and ooooh goat cheese, strawberries and .... WHAT THE SHIT???  67g of fat?????  How in all of this crazy place is that possible?  Hell no - DELETE .... DELETE ....  Ummmmm sandwich, then?Needless to say I bypassed the delicious hot cookies - they are their "big thing" here at Specialty's.  Cuz god knows that's the last thing I'd need to see when it came down to calories and fat content if a spinach salad dropped me to my knees!All in all, this is FANTASTIC ordering - especially for those of us that are conscious, and diligent, of what we put in our mouths to eat.  The food was all homemade, delicious and relatively quick for weekday lunch hour.I'll definitely be back.  And I won't be getting a damn salad!!
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2008,6/10/2008,449,396,1,9,8>How can one resist an all-day everyday special for two that costs $22 and consists of the following: (1) vegetarian bean curd roll, (4) crab meat Shanghai dumplings (xiaolong bao), (1 heaping bowl) spicy minced pork noodle soup (dandan mian) with fried pork chop, (4) pork and cabbage dumplings, and (2) black sesame sweet dumplings in ginger soup.  Even though it's listed for 2 people, this meal can easily feed 3 people, maybe 4.  It's very satisfying, especially the xiaolong bao and dandan mian.  The xiaolong bao skins were thin, and they exploded in my mouth with tasty soup.  I really loved the dandan mian, the fried pork chop was darn good.  The noodles are hand-pulled and very yummy.  Beware though, the bowls of noodle soup here are ginormous.  I highly suggest you share these bowls and do not order one for yourself, unless you're carbo-loading for a marathon the next day.   Food is on the greasier side, but it's so cheap and good, eating here once in a while won't do you any harm!  I highly recommend their Shanghai dumplings and any variety of their noodle soups.  Note: I immediately recognized the waitress' face, as she used to work at Shanghai Dumpling Shop in Millbrae, who are also the previous owners of Shanghai Dumpling King in the Outer Richmond.  I heard from the Mother that these people know how to make good money, as they sell their business to other people, and then re-locate, which is exactly what has happened with their previous two restaurants.
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/22/2008,6/9/2008,451,735,13,18,13>verdict?I'm 124 now! It's been 2 weeks since my wrap. I have been eating right. No cheating. I haven't worked out in over a week but for some reason even I noticed a change in my body since my trip. It could be b/c of the wrap, maybe not. (those of you who asked about vegas know what happened lol) I am officially back into my favorite Theory slacks that are ... SIZE 4! and they are a little big! tee hee. Man, I hate going against my word but I might come back for another wrap at the end of the month to get the REAL test results. I want to be 120! (I'll make sure I do everything the same too! haha)--------------------------------------------------­----------------------------------------OK Ladies.You've heard the hype. You've heard Tyra rave. Ready to hear the real deal?I've been working out consistently since about Feb/March. I've been eating (starving) right and running like a mountain lion is about to have me for dinner. I am going to be honest and tell you my original weight of (drum roll) 138lbs. (Dec '07) I am about 5'4 and my BMI was hitting the red alert stage. LOL! I let myself go after figure skating for 15 years but never really looked overweight..just saw it when I stepped on the scale. Today, I am 126 lbs. and still trying to lose about 4-5 more pounds to be beach ready. I won't lose those 4-5 pounds by FRIDAY so I needed something to help get the slimming going before LAS VEGAS with the girls!!!I tried the slendertone wrap. I got lucky and had Christine wrap me. She was so cute and really did a good job on the wrap. I looked soooo tiny!  I'll be honest and tell ya that I felt this wrap stuff was total BS but I lost 10 inches total. (arms, back, bust, waist, hips and legs) I am going to re-review after I get back from Vegas b/c they said that you don't see results until about 72 hours later. I don't think I'll come back often as I'm a woman of science and I believe in cold hard facts rather than "advertising". If this does work and I fit into that size 4 dress I bought, then I'm going to give this place 5 stars. If not, then I'm going to do 2 stars.  I felt like walking out when my wrap tech exclaimed, "OH YOUR ALREADY SKINNY!" because it just takes me back to my rule of thumb: NO Pain, NO Gain. I'm hitting the gym as soon as I get back from Las Vegas! I don't like to rely on gimmicks.
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2008,6/8/2008,92,271,5,5,6>After a few indecisive minutes, I finally settle on a small with Ghirardelli chocolate and graham cracker crumbs for toppings. While waiting for the guy at the register to swipe my card, I glance to my left and glimpse a newspaper article. Something about a Survivor opening up a Red Mango.  Double take as I get my card back from the guy and compare him to the man pictured in the article. As I walked away, it finally dawned on me--Yul Kwon had just taken my fro yo order!Since I don't watch Survivor or American Idol or any of those (not out of  a snobbish boycott against the shows, just no time or decent TV reception), I had no clue who Yul was (truth be told, I Wikipediaed his name from one of the earlier reviews). But he has an interesting story and I feel lucky to actually interact with him on my inaugural visit.The decor is bright and it's relatively spacious, though we had to sit outside as there wasn't quite enough seating indoors (they had several tables available, just not enough chairs for us, so maybe they should buy a few more chairs). The toppings were good and the fro-yo seemed  quality as well. My only personal thing is that it has a tart flavor, which I wasn't expecting, and I'm more a sweet fro-yo girl. But overall, think it's a great place. It just offers something different from the other fro-yo store in Palo Alto, so depending on your taste preferences, either one would be fine.
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2008,2/11/2009,192,110,4,13,13>We stumbled upon this winery while on our way to the Skyline Chestnut Farm.  yelp.com/biz/skyline-cheTaking note of it's location we made sure to stop here on our way back home.  I highly recommend hitting both sites at once, they are located only minutes from each other.  They had 2 different tasting menus, a $12 one and a $6 one.  We tried one of each and shared sips among all of us.  To be honest, both menus had comparable wines.  The more expensive ones were not necessarily the best.   We decided to purchase a bottle of the Bariolo from the $6 menu and sit out front in their outdoor courtyard.  Nearby, is a gorgeous duck pond with very friendly ducks.  I called one over and it dutifully swam over to me, hoping for some kind of snack.  I didn't have any food for it but I sent it lots of kissy noises from afar, much to the dismay of my friends. Sitting out front in a semi private area with benches and a table, we relaxed in the warm weather and leisurely sipped our wine.  The atmosphere was so idyllic, I actually started to think moving back to the suburbs wouldn't be so bad if it meant I could come up here all the time.  We weren't rushed or checked on, it felt like we could sit there until closing if we really wanted to.  Alas, we had to head back to the city.  Before I left, I bought a $25 bottle of their 2005 Estate Chardonnay.  Mind you, I am NOT usually a fan of Chardonnay.  But this one lacks the overly buttery and oaky flavors that I disdain from most chardonnays.  I was really impressed!   All of their reds were also very good.  I am definitely going to look for the Fogarty name when I buy wine from now on.The only disappointment in my experience here is that their wine tasting bar was far too small to accomodate all the people dropping in.  There is a huge empty space in the middle of the room and then the tiny bar at the end with everyone milling around and trying to get a spot.  It would improve things greatly if they set up a second bar at the opposite wall.
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2008,2/10/2009,1111,645,9,12,13>The church that I go to was in San Mateo which is a lloonngg drive from my home in San Jose. It used to be right down the street from the Mandala Lounge but then it moved, then moved, then moved again. Now we are in a great location in the Burlingame Rec. Center. Lots of room for after-church potlucks. YUMMO!Before, we used to go to downtown San Mateo to eat, the main choice being First Watch, now it is called something else. I don't know what. I just know where it is and what they serve. Great breakfasts and coffee. Just the pick me up I need BUT ...I found another awesome place near the Watch called Pancho Villa which has to have the best Mexican food in San Mateo but alas has no parking. That's the problem in downtown San Mateo, only a few lots but billions of cars. The food is fantastic, made right in front of you and you can pick whatever you want in your food just like at Harry's Hofbrau. The spicy prawns are amazing with just a hint of spice along with light, airy Spanish rice and wonderful lardy refried beans. That is a stomach-busting plate of food, trust me on that one. Their burritos are huge and flavorful, the trick being if for some reason you don't like them, it's YOUR fault 'cause you picked the fillings. My advice is to get the drippy, juicy, mellow-tasting chicken/Caribbean black bean mixture with gooey lava-like avocado-guacamole and sour cream additions. Sloppy, oozy, drippy, sloshy, messy, tasty, runny-down your hand goodness. Me like burritos that are wet inside, so wet that all the ingredients flow together and blend their tastes amongst one another to meld into a unique concoction of bursting flavor. Google's definition of concoction is... strictly speaking, a combination of various ingredients, usually herbs, spices, condiments, powdery substances or minerals, mixed up together, minced, dissolved or macerated into a liquid so as they can be ingested or drunk. So get to Pancho Villa's and start ingesting will 'ya. No time like the present.Pancho's also serves chips and salsa for free along with a water fountain for that salsa that is too hot for you. Being an expert on all things hot and spicy, the best way to kill that salsa fire in your mouth is not beer, coke or water, it is bread or chips. So if you want that fire on your tongue to stop, eat plain chips and it will go away fast. Then you can start all over burning up your mouth like we all do. Don't we? If you love salsa, this is the restaurant for you because they have the best for you to pick and choose. So fresh cause they make it minutely right behind the counter.Sagat and everybody else has given Pancho Villa great ratings just like other yelpers have, and they are all right, so come here and try it out for yourself. You can walk off all the extra calories by visiting the shops that surround it too. Lots to see and do here.Over the years, I have eaten at P.V.'s a lot but not for about 18 months, so right after I finish this review I am going to make plans to re-visit them this weekend because I miss delicious home-made beans and chili verde. Luckily I live in San Jose and not in San Mateo, because if I did I would weigh 300 pounds and no Atkins diet could rescue me.And load up on napkins. You'll need 'em.To finish this all up in 5 words. This place is da bomb.
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2009,2/9/2009,207,317,9,11,11>My S.O., another couple, and I enjoyed dinner at Vive Sol last Saturday night. My S.O. and I have eaten here a couple times and wanted introduce our friends, and we were all happy with our choice.We didn't think to call ahead for reservations, and when we got there, there was a line out the door. The wait was fairly quick -- maybe only 5-10 minutes? Not too bad for being busy. Also, between visits, I always forget how much I love the interior, especially the hanging stars.Let's just say: MARGARITAS! ¡Qué deliciosas! We ordered a pitcher, and it was definitely of the high octane variety. No complaints here.It's good that they gave us free tortilla chips and salsa, as we needed something to absorb all that alcohol.I ordered chicken enchiladas verdes, as this dish has become my new standard for comparing Mexican restaurants. Delicious. I believe it contained mostly, if not all, white meat chicken, and the salsa was just spicy enough to have a punch without burning my mouth. The black beans were flavorful, and I definitely preferred those to the other type of beans/paste served at other restaurants.The wait staff was friendly, though maybe it helped a bit that I spoke Spanish with them. We were never left needing or wanting anything.Looking forward to our next trip when we want a reasonably priced Mexican dinner in a warm ambiance.
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2008,2/7/2009,697,211,22,35,26>My family's favorite place to get away from the rest of the world. We come here at least once a year for 2-4 days, and we go back home feeling refreshed. I personally love how isolated it is but close enough so that you can go to a diner or to the beach just a few miles down the road (drive there, don't walk).I love coming here every year, great place to really be cut off from the rest of the world - because you get no cell phone reception at all and there are not electrical outlets at the lot - and ladies please leave your make-up you really don't need it out here..You'll get a real camping experience without having to dig a hole to do your business while having clean running water.You definitely get feel of fauna here mainly skunks and birds, a few deer here and there, but none are aggressive. They will mind their own business as long as you do too. And please never leave food out or you'll only set yourself up for massive clean up.Each camp site allows for 8 people at $21/night , two car maximum ($8 extra for that second car), and each lot has enough space between each other for privacy. 8 am to make your noise, 10 pm to be quiet - so don't bring any inconsiderate people with you. You also get a table or two, a fire pit or bbq grill and a make-shift pantry to put your food in so the animals don't get to it.Each lot is very close to a restroom but so far there is only one designated area where they have showers - from what I remember they are building a new one closer to the entrance. So far there are 3 shower stalls, $0.25 per 2 minutes of water so don't forget to bring change.There is also a general store located by the park entrance that sells rice, fire wood, hot dog buns, lighter, gas, ice cream, milkshakes, ice, ramen, etc. if you forgot to bring them with you. We always come here at least twice a day, owned by a really sweet Korean couple!Lots of activities for you to partake in at Pescadero! Hiking, bicycling, guided tours, movie nights at the big outdoor amphitheater (you can also participate in talent shows here), night hike, small museum, etc to name a couple of things!Their policies have now changed: you need to call ahead to make reservations (650) 879-0238. You could also just come here for a day to have a picnic!
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2008,2/6/2009,232,126,10,13,14>I am originally not a fan of Deli sandwiches, for the sole reason that I believe anyone can make decent quality sandwich as long as the ingredients are fresh. (including me, myself, who never cooks) I am finally giving in to it now as it is a real hassle to do it myself everyday, and due to my intense workout schedule, Deli sandwich seems like the best bet for a healthy diet. Unfortunately there is not many sandwich shops in downtown San Mateo, besides Subway and Mr.Pickle, which all don't strike me as particularly special in term of everything. Just when I was about to write an angry, negative review about the tiny meat portion of Subway's sandwiches, I stumbled upon a fellow yelper's review that recommended Little Lucca voraciously in Burlingame, especially about its highly praised Garlic spread sauce.  Being a huge garlic lover like me, I was at Little Lucca today promptly after my cardio. The sandwiches are true to the reviews, they are GIGANTIC, considerably bigger than the foot long sandwich from Subway. This place isn't shy to give out generous portion of ingredients, as they slap on enormous amount of turkey and bacon on to the sandwich. The garlic spread tastes divine, I would seriously recommend you to stay off relishes and mustard so the luscious garlic spread can be better enjoyed. There is also a lot of vegetables in the filling, so it is no doubt, really healthy!!At $6.75 for the huge Turkey, Bacon and Cheese sandwich that's likely to fill up two meals for most people, Little Luca leaves very little room for any complaint. Did I mention the sandwich was scrumptious?
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2009,2/5/2009,849,1375,6,13,11>I ate here at 2:30 last Friday and was surprised that we were the only diners in the place. That's a good thing in a way at Bistro Maxine because the place is tiny. Like maybe four tables tiny. I wouldn't want to eat here when it's prime dining time. But then again, I walked by later in the evening at 6:30 and the place was empty except for a table for two.It's nice to have a place in the Silicon Valley that serves crepes. Who doesn't love crepes? Especially underrated lemon and sugar ones. I'll have to try those on another visit. Unfortunately for me, the savory crepes on the menu all seem to have eggs, ham, or goat cheese, and I'm not a big fan of any of those ingredients.I had a chicken and mushroom crepe with creme fraiche ($10) which came with a small simple unadvertised salad with yummy dressing. (I felt the crepe was priced $1 too high for lunch.) The crepe was good but I felt like the sauce was off. In other renditions of this crepe that I've ordered or made (yes, it's one of the few dishes I cook), instead of creme fraiche (which is runny and too thin), a thicker mushroom cream sauce worked better. The servers were nice and spoke with French accents so it felt like the real deal. Buckwheat crepes are available on request.
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2009,2/4/2009,269,137,6,9,9>Oh man, places like Caffe del Doge make me not mind living in the States. How did I ignore this place for so long? Since checking it out for the first time last week, I've made up excuses to drive to Palo Alto on three separate occasions, just to go to this place. (Ok, so I wanted to see a movie too). Love!The coffee beans they use here are imported from Italy, so they're legitimately good. And light roast, too! :) The tea is good (I think from Samovar, which is a great company). Cute teapots, cups, and little trays as well.The hot chocolate? Well what can I say about that, that hasn't already been said? And the fancy martini glass drinks? Well, that's so snooty it hurts (aka, hooray!!). A final note:I got a Cappuccino Veneziano and it was very tasty, but I also appreciated the home-made whipped cream. At first I was startled by how mildly sweet it was (I'm used to Reddi-Whip at most places,what can I say?). A second later, though, I was used to it and very happy at the subtle flavor.An overall win! Go Caffe del Doge! :)
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2009,2/3/2009,257,366,16,20,18>I'm a believer.  BEST PRICES in town!TV shopping gives me a headache and a half. I never understand all of that techie talk. We lucked out with this super smart sales guy named Alex. Even b (definite tech geek) learned a bunch of stuff. Alex did demos on the difference between 60 and 120Hz, 720 and 1080p, whether matte and glossy screens when turned off cause glare. I've never seen a sales guy turn off a TV, but when he did, it's very easy to see which TVs will have glare, especially if you're watching in a sunlit room. I learned about HDMI and PC inputs and how my Wii and his PS3 will play out on this TV. It was very interesting and I felt like a well-informed consumer. Alex was honest and pointed out the plus and minuses for each model. He discussed wall-mounting, stands, and even how the TV will respond to an earthquake. It felt more like a lesson, than a sales pitch.  No pressure at all. They beat Best Buy by $599 and Amazon by $377 on the model we bought.  We ended up with this awesome deal, but they were out of stock. Said it would arrive anywhere from 7-10 days, but we got a call yesterday which was 24 hours after we ordered it. BONUS! TV is beautiful and knowing we got a great deal makes it even sweeter. One note though, b and his friend said the guy they picked it up from (Alex wasn't working) was kinda of a jerk and was complaining about the good deal we got. To avoid jerkness, just ask for Alex when you go. He's awesome. BTW, it looks kinda sketch from the outside and the entrance is in the back. Door chimes when you walk in. Feels like a car dealer, but if you can look past that and want to get the best deal on a TV, head to Video Only.
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2009,2/2/2009,101,207,8,8,9>PLEASE, NO MORE SUSHI...ok maybe just one more.I never imagined visiting 2 AYCE sushi spots in 1 week. I've had my fill for a while. A friend and I hit up this place during lunch for the AYCE special. We assumed we would be bumrushed by lunchtime patrons but to our surprise we weren't! It wasn't nearly as crowded as we expected. Not that it was bad or anything but because it's so hidden. I mean come on, it's nestled somewhere in Mountain View and the both of us nearly had trouble finding it, so it's not like we could have easily found the place. Anyway, I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki roll, the Highway roll, Snow roll and the Taxi roll. Yes, I got my roll on (and my money's worth). I expected Chicken Teriyaki to be a normal menu item (perhaps in a bento box) but trying it in a maki roll was enticing. It added a tangy yet smoky taste to that of a typical roll. A nice touch I might say. The Highway roll was deep fried in goodness. In fact, many of their lunch specialty rolls are D-D-D-Deep fried. This was deep fried spicy salmon with crab meat on top. And trust me they don't skimp out on the spice. It was nearly drenched with sriracha. The crab meat though offset the spiciness. So the combination was...how should I say...quite killer. Thumbs up for this one. The Snow was TOO MUCH crab meat for me! I was in way over my head when I ordered this one. Let's just say I relied on the Taxi roll to get me through it...which also had a little crab. Thank goodness for Soy Sauce though.The atmosphere is very relaxed and quiet, somewhat peaceful. Service was good. We were sitting at the bar so it was nice to get our orders quickly. Consuming one roll after another, the Sushi Chefs were eager to ask us what we wanted next. Shout outs to you guys.Overall, I love sushi and coming here satisfied me for weeks to come. I was also happy to know that an AYCE sushi spot is now around my hood. So hopefully I'll be coming back here real soon. REAL soon. Ya dig?
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/20/2008,2/1/2009,294,926,11,14,13>Cozy local New Orleans food spot. Not fine dining but not your boring run of the mill weeknight restaurant either. 3.5 stars, as the Big Easy is one of my favorite dining towns, so it's hard to be bouncing out of my seat satisfied here.Cost to worth it ratio: 4 Eve award: best 4 course meal deal, best hush puppies in the area Highlights: - Atmosphere: traditional, quiet and cozy. An older crowd so not a party dinner spot, but a nice gathering location to sit and chat with friends. Love the tables on the back wall that have a couch like feel with lots of pillows. :-) - Deals: Always a nice sight to see, especially in this economy. -- Monday meal: $28 for 4 courses: appetizer, salad, entree, and dessert. Best thing about this was that the appetizer and entree I wanted were a part of this list. -- Pick any entree and add $16 for soup, salad, and dessert - Hush puppies: I have to get these each time I'm visiting the south and usually am disappointed with any impostor I find around here. These were pretty good and bonus for surprise sizable pieces of crawfish inside. Note: for non-seafood eaters, they make em crawfish-free as well. And if you want to have a "healthier" meal, you can get them over a caesar salad as an entree. - Combo silk pie: in a circular piece rather than a slice, this has chocolate silk on top of a thin peanut butter later right on top of the crust. Chocolate and peanut butter is my fave dessert combo so I was happy.- Catfish: wasn't my entree so I didn't get the full experience, but I did steal some bites (my friend offered if the yelper wanted to try). I'm not a catfish fan, but I did like the bites I had--not too muddy/fishy as I sometimes find and lightly breaded so not too greasy. - Drinks: they had some fun options like a mint julep. I opted for the hurricane--actually we all did--which was pretty good, very fruity, and in a super tall glass. Just fun to be able to order one with dinner--makes you feel more like you're on vacation. Midlight: - Shrimp CreoLa: relatively small entree compared to others even in the 4 course but I'm told it's larger a la carte. 3 shrimp were cooked well and the crawfish stuffing was fine, but for some reason it seemed odd to me in a clump in the middle of the plate. Would be cool to have the stuffing inside the shrimp or something... Lowlights (my flip side to highlights): - Bread pudding: kinda mushy and slimy in texture--not as substantial as I'm used to in a bread pudding. Pecans on top were tasty though. I'll keep this place on my list for a comfort food New Orleans-type meal.
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2011,8/7/2011,227,119,4,9,7>Excellent Indian food! As an Indian buffet during lunch time, you have the right to be a bit wary but wary-not! Unlike any other Indian buffet place, the quality is there and the dishes are on que. For about $10 a person, you get over 9 dishes to choose from. And every single one is delicious! Believe me I tried them all and went for seconds. Skip the dessert and just load up on the saucy goodness of the spinach, butter chicken, mushroom marsala, etc. I don't know eactly what I was eating but all I knew was that it was very good. My plate looked like paint pallet full of color and sauce over rice and Pita bread. I tried hard to keep all the falvors and items seperate but towards the end everything kinda just mixed together and worked even better that way. So why the 4 stars? The dessert was way too sweet; my taste buds just didn't agree with it. Also, there really was no service. The waitstaff walking around were just that...: Drones walking around. Their minds weren't even present and would ignore you if you had a question or needed anything.In Summary: excellent food, not so excellent service.
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2011,8/6/2011,403,410,8,8,6>Most people don't know that I'm a picky eater.  When I was a child, I was an EXTREME picky eater and well... I was quite skinny.  I've somewhat grown out of it after multiple trips to NY and a best friend (love you, Ingrid C!) who introduced me to the glories of food, and I haven't turned back.  I still won't try ANYTHING, but I'll usually try it if it it's recommended or popular on Yelp.I love DIY and build-your-own options.  Build your own pizza?  Yes.  Build your own burger?  Double yes!  Build your own salad... why is this not more popular??  I used to hate salad.  I'm not a rabbit.  I hate carrots.  Leafy greens don't seem that appealing... but this place makes it fancy and appealing to those of us with... uhm... pickier palates.I read a statistic in the news recently (I want to say USA Today, but don't quote me) that said 32% of American adults over the age of 20 are overweight... and an equal number of them are obese.  That's 64% of American adults!!!  Are overweight and or obese!!  America is fat...Luckily, I'm pretty sure my BMI makes me in that lonely 36% of neither overweight nor obese.  I have a high metabolism and yeah, I'm taking advantage of it.  BUT, I do enjoy this place a LOT.I actually find the up-scale cafeteria-style setup charming and refreshing.  It's fancier, cleaner, and fresher than Fresh Choice with much better options and chefs make your fancy salad for you much like your frozen yogurt at Red Mango is topped up for you.  I would come here everyday if I could.  I love the passion fruit citrus vinaigrette.  Yumyumyum.
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2011,8/5/2011,559,976,5,5,6>Tea Era is a small boba shop tucked away on Castro St in downtown Mt View. This place is owned by the same people who own Queen House next door, thus if you really wanted, you could order boba while eating there. This is one of the better boba spots in the area, beating Tapioca Express hands down, and challenging Verde. I would say that this is the best in Mountain View, but then Ocha opened and forcefully took the crown. At Tea Era, they seem to actually use real milk and tea, which is a huge step up from Tapioca Express and its power/syrup crap. For me, I always get the milk tea with less sugar. I've always thought that milk tea shouldn't be overly sweet. You're not drinking a damn milkshake here. There's tea in your cup.It's made in the typical way with the little shaker machine, and topped off with the plastic cup seal which I guess gets a +1 to authenticity. There isn't much seating here, but you can always take your drink outside.
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2011,8/3/2011,505,313,8,9,11>Love this contemporary American resto! It's such a trendy addition to Castro!Pro:Cheese plate!!! ServiceAmbianceWineMixologyGreat for a first date!Con:On the expensive sideSmall Veggie option
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,8/2/2011,42,600,2,4,6>This is the 3rd restaurant in this space in the last 2-3 years (for a wine bar, then an Italian place). Stopped by on the way from the framer's market. Menu was well-priced, so we decided to check it out. They had an interesting selection of crepes, but we decided on 2 paninis (Italian sausage and skirt steak). Both were very tasty, but definitely NOT paninis. The filling was between 2 un-grilled pieces of foccacia. Weird. Came with a side of lightly dressed field greens and roasted potatoes. Nothing extra special, but a well done and satisfying meal. Service was pleasant and fast (you order at the counter and your food is delivered to your table), but they need to watch to make sure that tables are promptly bussed. NOTE: looked up "panini". Apparently, it can correctly be served exactly as we had it. Changed rating from 3 to 4.
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,8/1/2011,321,372,7,12,9>I brought two Brits here to watch the Super Bowl. It was the first time either of them had seen American football, and while they were not super enthused (one sang God Save the Queen during the national anthem), they enjoyed the atmosphere and drinks. Myself, I always order cider, and occasionally curry fries or fish and chips. It's a great pub to hang out in, get tipsy in, and waste away a Saturday in. Frankly, the only draw back is the pricing...which is very Palo Alto. It's surprising what they charge for some of their drinks, and since they don't tell you in advance that the lambic you just ordered cost $8 or more for a tiny drink, you might be taken by surprise...especially after a few ciders. Bah! Other than that, love love love it. Between you and me, I can't think of a much better place for a lazy rainy weekend day with friends.
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,7/31/2011,73,510,5,7,3>Should be called Tina's Perfect Cuts.  If you are of the male gender, Tina should be on your list to try.  For $8, she'll give you a cut that looks good on you, even if you don't know that is.I'm tempted to let Tina do something with my shoulder length hair.... but for now all the men (from 2 to 42) have had no disappointments here.
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2011,7/30/2011,624,600,1,6,6>This place is DELICIOUS!!!  (personally I am not a huge fan of Indian food, but this place is really really GOOD, so that has got to say something!!!!)Ordered the Thali Combo with Halal Keema and Butter Chicken, yummy!!!!  Oh and the samosas are off the HOOK!!!!Very reasonably priced.  Parking is street parking in downtown, not too bad at this location.  I came at lunch time and the line was out the door and down the street, so get here early!EAT HERE!!!
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2010,7/29/2011,206,213,14,11,8>"You're so vain..." Yes, I admit it, I am.  The first time I was here, I had developed eczema (dry, patchy skin in certain areas) due to the freezing cold weather and my ridiculous long hot showers.  Some prescribed cream took care of that.  This time, I totally came for vanity.  I had these little bumps that developed right under my eye.  I thought they were skin tags but I don't remember what term Dr. Chui used.  She's pretty and nice btw, with great skin!  It's a vote of confidence when your dermatologist actually practices what she preaches.  Dr. Chui told me they weren't harmful or anything so it was up to me to remove them.  Me: "Oh, okay.  Let's remove them.  Are we freezing them?"Dr: "Nope, just a buzz."Me: (Thinking: that doesn't sound too bad)  "Is it painful?"Dr: "We put numbing cream on it, it'll take the pain away."Me: "Okay." (Numbing cream...yay me, won't hurt)Assistance comes in to put numbing cream on my face...she doesn't seem to know exactly what we are numbing...uh oh.  I had to point out where.  Minutes pass by.Dr: "Okay, you should be numb enough."Me: "Okay let's do it."Dr: "You'll feel me stretching your skin a little.  1, 2, 3.  How did that feel, okay?"Me: "Wow, didn't feel a thing!"  (This numbing cream is bad ass!)Dr: "Okay, 2 more...1, 2, 3"Me: (Wincing in the chair...SOB, this hurts!  Please let this be over with soon!)Well, got through the remaining 2 and I was outta there.  But now that the numbing cream has been wiped off, I am feeling a teensy, throbbing pain.  I'll be walking around with 3 little scabs below my eyes for about a week, but then bye bye bumps!But I did forget one major thing...Allura takes my insurance so I just paid my co-pay.  But I just realized, isn't this considered cosmetics?  PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE let my insurance cover this!  Oh, well, I'll wait for the bill, hopefully it won't come.Hey, if you are looking for a new dermatologist...Allura Skin & Laser Center is the place.  Nice, clean facility with friendly front desk people and great doctors.  They also offer facials here...haven't tried one yet, but maybe that's next on the list!
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2011,7/28/2011,267,761,7,12,9>Lovely place! My boyfriend took me here for our 4th anniversary. This is such a romantic place to dine, and be prepared to be pampered. They offered to take our coats! And we were called names such as madam and sir. We were referred to as "the lady" and "the gentleman". Wow! I also liked that we got new silverware in between every course of the meal. The service here is amazing and they treat you like you're a valued customer. Ah, the food! Every meal was prepared with such care. It was like art on a plate and the flavors were amazing. I was also impressed with the temperature of the food. It didn't come out scalding hot, but just warm enough to enjoy your meal. My fave dish was the puree asparagus - yummy soup! I definitely recommend this place to celebrate a special event.
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2009,5/31/2010,52,111,4,10,8>Filoli is one of the best kept secrets in NorCal, which is unfortunate because they survive on the entrance fees coupled with private donations. If you have never been to Filoli, you must go now. Spring is an amazing time as all the bulbs are blooming and the air is still a little chilly. Summer is great too and wait! Winter is outstanding because they have the mansion decked out for the holidays. If you aren't into pastoral views, walking into a time warp of wealth and beauty, art, nature, baby deer (who ISN'T into baby deer?!), colors, peaceful quiet and romance, then go for the gift shop! The gift shop is the most reasonably priced treasure trove ever - anywhere! I'll trek all the way to Filoli just to get pumpkin spice malt balls and honey.You can also get a cup of coffee and sit amongst the trees and do nothing at all if you don't feel like it. It's a perfect first date kind of place. You'll get points galore for thinking it up. The gardens change from formal to wild, to shade to roses to hills upon hills upon hills. It is the single most stunning man made place I have been. Rich people pay me a lot to try to capture gardens like these. Alas, you can't capture 100 year old garden charm, I'm sorry. I love Filoli.
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2010,5/30/2010,217,249,5,2,3>I love coming here in the afternoons on the weekends and just hanging by the fire with a beer or, if it's warm enough, sunning myself sans fire. I love that the ocean is right there and you can just chill and try new beers. They always have a great selection to choose from. The food isn't bad either! I love their fish tacos and clam chowder. I'll be honest. I've never been inside for dinner. I really just love going there in the afternoon for lunch and a beer.Note to self: Don't try and go on a bike ride after too many beers!!! Go for the ride first, beer second!
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2010,5/29/2010,29,86,,6,5>Bring a towel; prepare to sweat!They specialize in spicy ramen only and have three flavors: spicy soy sauce, spicy & bitter pork flavor, and spicy soy bean flavor.  You can also choose your level of spiciness: mild, regular, or extra.  Today, I went with the spicy soy sauce flavor+regular spicy+corn.  The presentation of the ramen is really superb; a little mound of chives sits on top of the broth and is topped by strings of red pepper. Every bowl of ramen also includes a quail egg (soft-boiled!), whole roasted garlic cloves (really really good, but clear your schedule of meetings post-lunch), chicken gravy (you can spot the bits of ground chicken), chili oil.  The pork slices were also juicy and tender with just the right amount of fat.  The noodles were perfectly thick and chewy as well.Absolutely no opening day foibles, no wait time, and the ramen was really good (better than the recent experience I had at Santa with watered-down closing time broth and soggy noodles). I'm really glad that I came here on opening day while the food and service is top-notch. We'll see what the crowds do to the quality in the coming weeks.Highly recommended for groups of four or less.  Next time I'm going to go all in and try the extra spicy.
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2010,5/26/2010,186,252,6,9,9>Don't dare drive past Pescadero without stopping in here and picking up some fresh-out-of-the-oven artichoke garlic herb bread. And while you're in there, take a look around the store. They've got all kinds of homemade and/or local goodies, including jams, butters, pies, salsas, pasta sauces, and cheeses.The bf had been raving about this amazing bread in Pescadero for a while now, and finally we had a chance to take a short day trip down there to pick some up. We each picked up a loaf, still warm from the oven. In addition, I picked up a partially baked sourdough rosemary loaf to enjoy later at home while he got a package of cinnamon English muffins.  We also ordered sandwiches at the deli counter in the back - tuna on sourdough and turkey on garlic herb bread (CASH ONLY). It was a gray and misty day that day, so we enjoyed our sandwiches in the back of his mini SUV parked in a parking lot with a view of the ocean at one of the local beaches nearby.The sandwich breads were soft and fresh, and the artichoke bread was exceptionally delicious - slightly crunchy, herb crust with large pieces of artichokes baked into the soft interior. If you don't fall in love with this bread, I don't think anything in life will make you happy. It's that good. This store is full of such tasty-looking treats that it was hard to resist buying anything else! But that just gives us an excuse to make the short, scenic and relaxing drive back to this quaint town. We are definitely coming back for a real picnic on the beach. And if want an impromptu picnic, they've got all you need for such an occasion. Really, there are no excuses for not visiting Pescadero.
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2010,5/25/2010,59,127,2,22,2>My girl and I had a psychic connection and were both down for Indian food. It was Friday and we felt good about eating-in for the whole week, so eating out would be our treat. I'd previously looked up reviews for Indian food in our new hood, San Mateo, and Bollywood looked solid. So now it was time to test it out.I was surprised to get seated as soon as we walked in. Maybe I'm just used to SF where there is always a wait, esp. on a Friday nite!We order the chicken vindaloo and the lamb biriyani. The vindaloo was well done, tender chunks of chicken and a tasty, spicy sauce. The vindaloo is one of my all time favorites and Bollywood held up their side of the bargain. The lamb biriyani was very flavorful with the right amount of spice. I haven't tried this much so can't say if it was the best I've every had, but it was pretty dang good without  really having a reference. One of the things that I really liked about Bollywood is that they serve dishes from various regions of India.  We'll definitely be back to sample more of the selection.
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2010,5/24/2010,227,155,4,7,4>I've walked up and down University ave so many times and I've never noticed this little place before. Don't blink or you'll miss it. I was surprised to find a good selection of healthy lunch items. I had the turkey panini on wheat bread with a side of green beans (which is a standard side with the lunch items). The sandwich was fantastic; hearty, substantial and the ingredients just blended so well together! (you can tell that I'm writing this as I eat) The fact that the standard sides are FRESH vegetable items is also a huge plus.Now my inner coffee snob comes out -- the double cappuccino. I give it 3 out of 5 stars; good but not amazing. The foam was good, not as firm and smooth as I like, but not deflated either. The temperature was just right and the espresso was okay. Overall it was a good middle of the road cappuccino. To sum it up, I wouldn't come here just for an espresso but I'll definitely be back for the food!
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2010,5/23/2010,199,286,7,7,7>i always wondered what kind of food this place served.  i mean, between my orthodontist appointments and modeling for a former clothing shop in downtown pa, i must have passed this place at least a hundred times.  but i'm glad i finally walked in during a date night- because it's definitely NOT a place you walk into wearing super casual clothing.tamarine prides itself on its ambiance, and they show you that upfront.  it's cool and sleek- dark and sexy, with dim lighting to boot.  since we arrived for our dinner early, the boy and i were shown to the back room, where lovely vietnamese paintings graced the walls.  the waiter was a little obsequious... but maybe i'm just being judgy.we ordered the SHRIMP CUPCAKES [to me, the texture was a little weird, cause it wasn't what i was expecting, but i thought overall this dish was a delight], LEMONGRASS SEA BASS [a little on the oily side, but seasoned well, and the som tum like salad accompanying it was so refreshing], and the SHAKING BEEF.  the last dish was probably the piece de resistance of my meal- it is juicy and tender and my goodness the taste was just DIVINE.  if there's anything you must order at this restaurant, shaking beef is it!!!as awesome as this place is, though, there's a few bones i'd like to pick.  1.) the garlic fried rice was a disaster.  i mean, it was so bland and for the price i paid for it, i was expecting something amazing. 2.) while i don't mind paying 7.50 for a nice drink, i was so shocked to realize that they charged us for each glass of soda we ordered, i mean, refill wise.  soo... since each glass of soda was 2.50... and they were in tiny glasses, we ended up refilling twice [or in this case, asking for two more extra glasses].  not cool.i guess moral of the story is to just be careful of how much you drink.  all in all a great place to have a sexy dinner date. this place gets packed, so show up early!
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2010,5/22/2010,175,249,5,10,6>I was very nervous coming here.  When you find a great esthetician, she's YOUR girl.  You know?  It really is hard to break up with an esthetician and move onto another one.  Well, my last break up was due to an unfortunate amount of land mass put between my favorite esthetician and myself.  I moved back to the Bay Area from Santa Barbara and was forced to find another esthetician.  I saw that Stript was opening up in downtown Palo Alto and it looked like a cool joint.  Months later, I finally gathered the moxy to make an appointment.  And, no regrets!Angelica did a great job on my brazilian.  She took her time, but it was not longer than 20 minutes.  I'm just so used to my last esthetician taking care of me in under 10 minutes.  However, Stript is great because they really make it an "experience".  I was served a glass of red wine and felt so very welcome.  Because of their outstanding service, I'm booking my next appointment this week!P.s. Kind of on the pricy side. :( $60 for a brazilian.  I'm thinking of getting their package deal of 6 brazilians for $300 which cuts it down to $50/brazilian - not TOO bad.  I just hate feeling like I'm trapped with these prepaid shenanigans.
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2010,5/21/2010,116,166,5,6,5>Ok, have to admit the bright red warning at the top "THIS IS NOT VEGETARIAN FOOD!!" scared me a bit, but my BFF had been circling the parking lot for almost 5 minutes and I wasn't about to suggest we go somewhere else after she finally found a spot.  I asked the waitress if you could get one of the three flavors of ramen WITHOUT the meat it comes with, she told me yes and stressed again that this isn't vegetarian food.  Clearly they use some kind of meat-based broth which I like to avoid if possible but if it's the only option on the menu I try to be flexible.  I was luckily able to find a parking place right away, but the lot is sorta small and this place is popular so be warned that you might have to be patient and search a bit.  You have to wait in a line to be seated (*note: they DO NOT take names or anything like that, it's stand--in-line-and-wait only)...once you get to a certain point they come and take your order which is nice because then once you're seated your food comes fairly quickly.$8 for a giant bowl of soup, it's definitely enough for two people though I'm not sure how possible it is to share.  I only ate about half of my bowl and it was SO good.  Tons of noodles, lots of bamboo shoots and other ramen-y side items.  The "miso flavor" isn't really like any miso soup I've ever had before, the broth is heavier and not as MSG-y.
<review# 1570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2010,5/19/2010,321,372,,10,8>This review is for Amy, who was a god-send who fixed my hair after it had been ruined at Neo Salon by Heather. Amy sat me down, explained what she would have to do to my hair to correct it, and made certain that I was comfortable with it (I have short hair now!) before she started. Once my hair was made up into a *much cuter* cut, Amy went through and explained to me different ways I can fix my hair (with me not being used to short hair, this was greatly appreciated), and she even called me the next day to ensure that I liked the cut she had given me. Amy was professional, and most imporantly, saved my hair! I will be back in 10 weeks for another cut, per her instructions, to ensure that it grows out as cute as she cut it.
<review# 1571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2012,4/9/2012,466,527,3,6,5>We were in the mood for Italian food late Sunday night, but didn't want to sit down at a restaurant, so we had take out from this wonderful spot. Spaghetti Bolognese was on point. Flavors were rich and tasty, sauce was thick and meaty. I loved it. Fettucini Alfredo was rich, creamy and the sauce didn't get all pasty the way it does when a chef isn't paying very close attention. And if you can perfect the sauce for take out, I presume it's on point for the sit down diners as well. Garlic bread was REAL tasty and delicious garlic bread. It wasn't that loaf you pick up at the supermarket that was buttered and garliced like 3 or 4 weeks prior to your purchase. It was slathered with butter and fresh garlic. So much so that the moment it entered the car, the scent literally took over and wafted it's way up no nostrils and made me want to dig in right there in the car!!!If they can get a 4 star review for take out from this picky guy, they must be better in person than on the fly. I look forward to sitting down and enjoying a fine Italian meal here in the near future.
<review# 1572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2012,4/8/2012,177,163,5,7,6>It's so easy to go wrong with prix fixe (there always seem to be a few duds), but here, every single plate was a masterpiece.My favorite: the butter-poached filet mignon. Tender, rare, and perfect. I love that the waiter didn't even ask how I wanted it cooked. They gave it to me soft and mooing, just the way I like it. Brownie points for the accompanying pine nut puree and tasty leaf garnish. No wonder the chef has a Michelin star.A close second: the 62 degree hen's egg. I'm such a sucker for saucy yolk. Other highlights:- The fried cauliflower soup amuse bouche. It resembles a donut hole, but then you bite into it and get an explosion of warm, creamy soup. This is how I imagine the creamy tomato soup in the Three-Course Dinner Chewing Gum from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory would taste.- Fresh bread basket - good lord, in unlimited quantities with the olive oil-infused butter, this was dangerous.- S'more with homemade marshmallow smear - buttery, cozy, hearthlike.- Tiny chocolate fondue with homemade salty caramels - flawless finish.It breaks the bank, but when you consider how everyone compares it to the French Laundry, it's reasonable, especially for special occasions. Elegant house, courteous staff, and amazing food.
<review# 1573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2011,4/7/2012,43,112,3,5,6>Believe the hype!  Tried this place out tonight and was amazed and in relief that a new restaurant that is super fantastic has opened within few minutes driving distance.  Now I wont have to drive all the way into the city.  The place is on the pricey side but didn't feel robbed of the wallet at the end of the meal I must say. Here is a cliff-note version of my experience:Veggie roll - cant really mess this one up.Fish tacos - pretty good (they are small).Great Balls of Fire - freakin' awesome! (unagi sauce is yum!)Salmon Risotto - freakin' awesome!I am very pleased with my experience here and cant wait to go back to try other things on the menu. The service also matched the food quality.  We sat outside with our little puppy and they brought a little bowl of water for him to my surprise.  Extra kudos for being dog friendly!  Be warned that the place is small so make reservations in advance.
<review# 1574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,4/6/2012,47,721,4,6,4>I'm glad there is a Paris Baguette in Palo Alto! It's affordable, decorated hip and cool, lots of space for people to enjoy their desserts/sandwiches and a great vibe.This locations baked goods is more catered to American taste buds but still delicious! Prices are really fair (about $2 for a baked good). Can't wait to go again to get my birthday cake!
<review# 1575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,4/5/2012,694,903,4,8,5>4 stars for the wine and 5 for the cheese... so rounding up this average to 5!LOTS of wines to taste - choose 3 size types too. So the smallest taste is on average $2. They know their stuff. Super cool long bar to hang out and try them. You can of course BUY them too!CHEESE - this place has Roaring 40s Blue Cheese from Tasmania --- which I could only find online for $$$$, after tasting this at Gary Danko my bf and I have been obsessed. Draegers - No. Here - YES.Also (of course) they had Harley Goat farm cheese rounds - YAY (my fav goat cheese). This is a great store, with lovely gifts and is OPEN UNTIL 8pm. Perfect for before dinner at Pasta Moon - down the street.I'll be back!
<review# 1576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2011,4/4/2012,361,578,7,7,6>This place is not just therapy, it's retail crack. I always find cute stuff in here. Always. And then I end up spending money. I only moved back two months ago (but I'd been to Therapy before during visits to my parents/friends). What have I bought since then?- Spiewak & Sons wool poncho- Two leather bracelets- Really inappropriate thank-you cards- Watch necklace- Romper - More random jewelry- Angry blue owl bag (with owl chicklet coin purse)I don't want to think about how much money that is. Yet, I can't stay away from this store. It's open late, so it's perfect for after-dinner browsing. The people are so nice, too.
<review# 1577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2011,4/3/2012,181,676,8,13,11>On a whim, I decided to try this place out for dinner with my wife.  I'd never been here before, nor even known anyone who's been here before, but I drive right by it nearly every day.  Therefore, I was unprepared for how fancy this restaurant aims to be!Think of a super-swanky, chic, modern restaurant - Iron Gate is pretty much the exact opposite.  If my grandparents ever used to hang out around Belmont, I would imagine them having fancy dinners here.  It's not that the ambiance is bad - they just clearly opt for "traditional" over "modern."The service was impeccable; unobtrusive, yet attentive, very knowledgeable and friendly!  Also, the whole wait staff was dressed to the nines, making me feel a little shabby in my polo shirt.The food - oh-so-tender steak and quality tiramisu was what I had.  Lots of other menu items sounded quite delicious as well.A sound choice, but the combination of high prices and somewhat outdated décor conspire to make the Iron Gate a solid four stars.Bonus - One of very few places around that you can get table-side flambé dishes!
<review# 1578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2012,4/2/2012,403,410,7,10,8>I was feeling lonely and made my best friend come down to spend time with me.  It was dinnertime and Vive Sol is very close to my place.  I'm not much of a fan of Mexican cuisine since I think the flavors are too strong, but decided to give it a try... and if I didn't like it, I could always just drown myself in margaritas.The decor inside is very charming!  I adore the star-shaped lights with cutouts.  It's very clean and seats about 60 patrons comfortably.  The bar at the entrance is small and seats about 4 people.  They don't take reservations but weeknights are generally worth a 10 minute wait.  Friday and weekend nights tend to be super busy and waits can be up to an hour.Tortilla soup was tasty!  This soup comes in a huge bowl with lots of chicken, tortilla chips, avocado, and other fresh veggies.  It's relatively light and I feel healthy eating it.  I can never finish because there's just so much!The chips and salsa are also tasty, and of course you must order yourself a margarita!  They do blended, but I prefer over the rocks.I can't wait for summertime when I can walk over here for some delicious margaritas and an order of guac and then walk back home happy and tipsy.  Wait, is that public drunkenness?  Oh well, I live close enough.
<review# 1579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,4/1/2012,99,397,2,8,3>This place recently opened up by my house (maybe a couple of months ago?) so I've been eyeing it ever since and from all the great reviews I finally made it a point to try it out. I came here for lunch with a friend and their lunch specials are $6.99 - amazing!  It includes a salad (forgettable), soup that has a sweet and sour taste with tofu (delicious!!) and a main.  There are 2 pages worth of mains to choose from - fried rice, curries, noodles etc. I had the green curry that included a side of rice which was fantastic.  It was flavourful and full of chicken & eggplant.  Notes:- regular curry dishes (ie - non-lunch specials) do not come with rice so you'll have to order that separately-  lunch specials are only available during week daysService was friendly and attentive.  It's officially my new local restaurant!
<review# 1580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2011,3/31/2012,286,975,5,6,6>Have you seen the size of their croissants??!I got one of the less HGH-treated chocolate croissants here on a Sunday, enjoyed it enormously.  Flaky and buttery pastry, dark chocolate filling, completely satisfying.Their sticky buns look unbelievable and unbelievably sticky, they have some mousse-based treats that look pretty good as well, and I can't wait to try one of their sandwiches sometime!What's not to love about something named Al(l)ison?
<review# 1581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2010,2/28/2011,134,722,1,5,1>This park underwent a makeover about a year or so ago and my kids will tell you the new structures in this place are a vast improvement. My son was particularly fond of the rock climbing area. A pretty setting, we really enjoyed a music in the park event held here over the summer. Bathrooms are available for visitors. There's a large grassy area that is great for playing football, Frisbee or spreading out a blanket for a picnic. Watch little ones closely --- a little creek running alongside the park is accessible and busy Miramonte Road is not far away!
<review# 1582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2010,2/27/2011,137,251,4,6,6>SO GOOD SO FINE SO SEXY HOT. This is one of those sandwich places that you crave from time to time (or often) and you just can't help it! You're just drawn to it! ***THIS BURLINGAME location is so much better than the "og" SSF one. They offer you more in your sandwiches and are never shady!***My opinion of the perfect sandwich that can never do you wrong: Pastrami (hot or cold) on Dutch Crunch with everything (I don't do mayo) and some pepper jack or monterey..or anything! Drooooollll.............I also love the cranberry/turkey or the BBQ roast beef***I love Little Luca's as well because they always try to come up with new ideas for sandwiches too. Such as the Cordon Bleu or the Buffalo Chicken sandwich..First of all, the garlic and chilli spreads they put on their sandwiches are to die for. No seriously, it adds that rich spice flavor that changes your whole sandwich experience..and if you are not prone to spicy foods, you might die. NO, just kidding. It's just so good and it ties any sandwich together just right.The breads are fresh and never so hard or soggy that you don't want to eat it. As most people agree, the Dutch Crunch is the top pick but I also like the sweet bread.Process of making the Sandwich: they slab on the sauces on huge slices of bread (can last for 2 meals) with a generous amount, top on the handful of lettuce/tomatoes/pickles/red onions/cheese if wanted/ and on top of all that....a tower of about 8 slices of your choice of meat.This is all for you for only 6-8 dollars!!! My gosh, I just want to shimmy on over there right now...Little Luca's has a Big Placea in my food lover's heart/stomach!
<review# 1583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2010,2/26/2011,203,321,6,9,7>Oh man we had to wait like 2 hours to get a table but it was worth it.  St Michael's is the type of place you go to when you want breakfast food done right.  They're famous for their Eggs Benedict and while I did not order that, I did get the REEEEDONKULOUSLY good Smoked Salmon Benedict.  I cannot stress how awesome it was.  The portion was just right too being not too little as well as not enough to induce a food coma.  The service as I recall wasn't especially memorable but I think that's a good thing.  They did everything you'd expect from a "diamond in the rough" kind of joint.  I also shared a carafe of grapefruit juice with my friends and was pretty impressed by the freshness of the juice.Only con I can think of is that this is an annex of the main restaurant and it's pretty small so the wait is long.  That paired with their short brunch hours makes it very important to get there EARLY.  Well I guess one other con is that I have to drive all the way to Palo Alto for brunch now.  Wish they were closer...but if you're in the area, DEFINITELY give this joint a try!
<review# 1584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2011,2/25/2011,56,302,4,7,5>Had a very pleasant lunch experience here.  First off, the space looks leagues better than it ever has.  They've done a complete re-do with warm yellows and cherry wood.  The place looks like it has real character now instead of some cavernous joint where you get swallowed up.  I still don't love that you have to walk through the bar area to get to the maitre'd station (off to the right), but it's much, much better than before.Service was excellent.  Would never have believed that this place just opened.  Servers were unobtrusive, but were there when we needed anything.  Water refills were abundant, and everyone was very nice.  I had a bulky stroller and both coming in and going out, someone held the door.  Lovely (and personal), considering they had to walk pretty far to do it.Food was solid.  I had the Scratch burger and my friend had the chicken fricassee.  The burger was delicious, perfectly cooked with lots of flavor.  And oh, that delicious, buttery bun.  Mmm.  Fricassee was good; honestly, it tasted like upscale chicken soup, since it was broth, not cream, based.  Not a huge portion so we went for dessert.  The lava chocolate cake was well executed, but  I was sorry it didn't have more flavor.  The vanilla bean ice cream (served in quenelle form) with a chocolate tuille cookie on top, was excellent.  Prices for lunch were between $10-12 for most sandwiches and entrees, which I thought was fair.
<review# 1585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2010,2/24/2011,84,424,4,6,6>Bright, adorable family-own restaurant. Uses fresh, quality ingredients. Unique and unpretentious. I had the three mini soft tacos with sirloin beef. I thought it was only decent/okay but it was really really REALLY fresh-tasting. Maybe the beef needed more seasoning. I tried my boyfriend's chicken fajita; the chicken was juicy (not greasy) and well-seasoned. I like how they're not afraid to use dark meat chicken instead of following the white meat trend/craze. Everything was very fresh and well-made. Just either a bit bland or too sweet for my taste. I also love their self-serve salsa bar. The salsa albeit too sweet for me was very delicious and fresh. You can add in extra onions for crunch or more jalapenos for more kick or more cilantro for more freshness. Service was friendly and fast. Their bathroom is super duper clean :P
<review# 1586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2010,2/23/2011,301,352,5,11,8>Fuki Sushi is by far one of the best Japanese restaurants on the Peninsula. It's run by actual Japanese people, which helps, and the menu has a huge variety of Japanese dishes. I can get any of my standard favorites - tempura, udon, chicken teriyaki, dragon and spider rolls - but there are also a million things on the menu I've never heard of before.I've never had a bad meal at Fuki Sushi, and we've actually booked the two tatami rooms in the back for dinner one night of graduation weekend this June. It's a great place for an intimate dinner, a family dinner, or a larger group.  I took my brother and a group of his friends here for his birthday last week, and we were seated promptly (despite not having a reservation), served quickly, and everything was completely hot and delicious.It's not cheap (nor is it excruciatingly expensive), but let's be honest - would you really want cheap raw fish? Does that sound like a good idea to you? My family loves Japanese food, and Fuki Sushi is definitely at the top of our list when they're all in town. If you don't know what to order, ask the waitress - they typically have very good suggestions. You should also try a Japanese beer (my favorite is Sapporo) with your sushi.
<review# 1587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2010,2/22/2011,219,140,9,14,9>Despite being a relatively adventurous foodie, I have a fierce aversion to seafood.  And sometimes mushrooms.  But mainly just the flora and fauna of the deep blue.  Needless to say, I have never eaten any sushi.  Ever.  Well, last Tuesday my sushi life took a dramatic turn.On this aforementioned Tuesday, a good friend and her family took me out to dinner at Barracuda.  While I do have tremendous respect for my friend's mother, I am also a teensie bit terrified of her - she is a rather intimidating woman.  So, once she started suggesting that I order a vegetarian sushi roll for dinner, I didn't really feel like I had much of a say in the matter.  In addition to that, they ordered a Seaweed Salad and a Warm Mushroom Salad for the table to share.  Great.WELL (this is the good part).  Two of the three different types of seaweed that I tried in the Seaweed Salad not only didn't taste like the ocean, or fishy at all, for that matter, but they were, in fact, quite tasty.  And the mushroom salad was actually exquisite.  The flavor of the sauce that the mushrooms were cooked in was rich, and bold, and interesting, and flavorful without being too salty.  MmmmMmmm.  I had seconds of that.  THEN (this is the best part).  My Vegetarian Lover's Roll (Asparagus Tempura wrapped up in dried seaweed and rice topped with a slice of Avacado and drizzled with a mango sauce), and my friend's Spicy Vegetarian Roll (Vegetarian Gyoza and Avacado wrapped up in seaweed and rice topped with sliced cucumber and spicy sauce) that I had agreed to split arrived at the table.  Ohmygosh.  I have not experienced anything as satisfying, clean, fresh, interesting, and filling, but not too heavy, in a long time.  It was simply divine.  Both were phenomenal.  Yes, I have now converted to being a (vegetarian) sushi eater.  Barracuda has made me into a believer.  There's still hope that one day I will make the transition to the lean meat of the sea...
<review# 1588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2010,2/21/2011,32,152,2,3,3>5 stars for the decor and general atmosphere: beautiful colors of the walls, soothing and welcoming vibes, spotlessly clean space. Very warm, relaxing, peaceful. Smaller than Avalon, which makes it very homey and comforting. I love the warm environment. This is absolutely my favorite studio in this area in terms of interior decor and vibes. Parking is easy too, and it's nice to take a stroll down the nearby downtown Los Altos enjoying window shopping, restaurants, etc. A cute small town.3 stars for the currently available schedule and styles: Very strong focus on Anusara/Anusara-inspired, and Iyengar. Fewer classes (fewer than I'd like, that it) for Vinyasa Flow/Astanga. On Saturdays, there're only two classes and both are in the morning. Only two?!? I find that to be totally insufficient and I look forward to more afternoon and evening Saturday classes. On Sundays, again there're 2 morning classes but both are Iyengar taught by the same instructor. Well if you're not into Iyengar that's the end of the story for you. There's one good vinyasa class on Sunday evening but I just wish that there can be more time slots and classes to choose from in the weekends. Maybe taught by Jeff? He's good!UPDATE: Jeff's class is amazing. Works every part of your body, especially your core. This young and impressive yogi gives ultra clear guidance and explanations for poses, using (what I feel to be) a stage actor's diction and projection of voice (he would be such an asset in performing arts!). His very active and strong vinyasa sequence, which flows flawlessly from the first minute to the last, would definitely clear up whatever clogs you have in your head/mind, make you sweat profusely and still loving it! Friendly and approachable, he is a great teacher for those who want an intermediate-level yoga.I find it odd that we have to write our names on a sign-in sheet every time we come in. Since there's always someone at the front desk and she can just key in our names into the computer database right away, why waste papers (the sign-in sheets)?? I go to Avalon too and there's no sign-in sheet. The lady just took our name and key it right in. Isn't it more environmentally friendly that way?
<review# 1589,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/17/2010,2/20/2011,293,735,5,6,4>I wore Cole Haan moccasins here on Valentine's Day. I entered from the back (by the garage) and when walking toward the front of the restaurant, took a nose dive because I slipped on the rock material of the front area. That's kind of dangerous, no? I ate here on 2/13 too. Between the first rolls that came, there was at least 20+ minutes until our set dinners came. The service sucked. You had to ask for refills of tea or water, and nobody ever asked how the food was, or if you wanted anything else.
<review# 1590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2010,2/19/2011,206,417,3,5,4>I just ordered a dozen mini cupcakes for my baby cousin who's turning 4 and the cupcakes are AMAZING!!!... They knew I wanted it to say happy birthday and decorate it with pink, purple, and yellow, but what they did with the cupcakes turned out better than I could have ever imagined. The minis were decorated with balloons, party hats, polka dots, and presents.  They truly have a talent for special orders here. THANKS SO MUCH SIBBY'S!!!!!
<review# 1591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2011,1/18/2012,474,505,7,12,5>Our family loves this preschool. We've sent all our kids here and they love the program. Teachers remember our kids' names even years later. They also remember siblings and ask how they're doing in grade school. Our kids have learned to read at an early age and are ahead of their peers when they started kindergarten. I still believe that the early childhood education helped our kids tremendously and it was in great efforts by the teachers at Foster City Preschool! Highly recommended!
<review# 1592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2011,1/17/2012,330,533,8,10,11>There are a lot of taquerias in downtown San Mateo, but this the best one I've found so far.Pancho Villa's counter is set up in a way that you can see all the meats, beans, and extras.  Not only does this help you decide what to order, but you can tell that the place is clean, and the food is fresh.  Over at the salsa bar and the juice bar, it's more of the same.I had lengua and carnitas tacos.  Both meats were excellent.  I didn't dig my papaya agua fresca as much.  The drink was too sweet.  I'll definitely get something from the juice bar next time.The seating here is not too comfortable.  It's really the only downside to this restaurant.  The chairs are really more like kid's stools with sagging leather straps.  Any adult, no matter the size, should use caution.  Some of them look like they are about to fall apart.  Don't plan to linger here long!
<review# 1593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2011,1/16/2012,656,1338,14,18,17>This repair shop is really unique, obviously since everyone that works there is female. We had two of our cars serviced there, and were completely happy with the results, as well as the customer service. The women who work there are incredibly nice. The mechanic explained what was wrong with our car in a way i actually understood. When i thought i was having problems with one of the cars again,we dropped it off and she did everything she could to figure out what the issue was. We spent a hefty chunk of change here, but i don't think it was anymore expensive than anywhere else.Honestly,the two cars we took here were desperately in need of maintenance. I appreciated not feeling ripped off, manipulated or treated like i was an idiot. All of which i have experienced at other repair shops. They even call you back and check up with you, and send you home with a bag of candy. How cool is that? I can't recommend this place enough, and we will definitely take our cars back here. Although, hopefully they won't need anything for awhile.....
<review# 1594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,1/15/2012,523,353,5,9,8>It's pretty cool that curry up now has a store front. I'm not one to be a lover of indian food, but wrap up a tikka masala in a hot flour tortilla, I'm going to have to be a fan.-clean facilities-my friend thinks some guy there is hot (this may be an important factor for some customers)-eco friendly practices-feels very "san francisco" like a restaurant you would find on valencia-my tikka masala burrito had a nice kick to it which i firmly approve of and they weren't skimpy with the chicken.-ikea glasses are in the back if you want to help yourself to water.Like i said, if my friends wanted indian fare, this place will probably be top of mind for me.
<review# 1595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2011,1/14/2012,91,248,4,4,3>Updating this review and eating my words!!! So I decided to give this another shot last Friday night.. Made my reservation on open table and it was easy as can be.  Thank you technology! High Five!Seated no problem especially on a busy Friday ~ Pretty awesome.  Great wine list and we decided to go with the 2007 Silver Oak Cab Sav which is frickin delicious.  Also went with a few appetizers.. The crabcakes, the kobe , and the calamari.. Kobe was ridiculously tender and our favorite, second was the calamari which the sauces were the stars, and lastly were the crabcakes.. The crabcakes weren't bad, just not my fave.. Oddly enough and short on time, came here on Sunday morning too after hearing about the unlimited mimosas for $15.   So we skedaddled on down here and got the mimosas.. I ended up with the trio benies and got it with filet, crabcake, and traditional.. All were great, sat at the chefs table and had a wonderfully informative conversation with all of the staff.  I take back my three stars and shove it up my own you know what.. Keep up the good work TOWN ~ I'll be back to try all your different breakfast items and drink all your champagne!!!!!!
<review# 1596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2011,1/13/2012,119,227,5,6,5>Still love this place. Trying to get my parents to stop there tonight, because I KNOW they'd love it... hope that G&G offers gift certificates soon! :)EDITED TO ADD: My parents loved it. My dad was trying to sound hip when he called me to let me know they were there... that's how I could tell he was impressed. My cute daddy trying to fit in.
<review# 1597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2011,1/12/2012,143,314,5,6,6>Cha Cha Cha gets a solid 4 stars in my book solely based on the service.  Noe was our server and he was awesome! He was very personal, inviting, fun to chat with, and provided excellent service.We came here on a Tuesday afternoon right when happy hour started.  We ordered a pitcher of sangria and the rest was history.  I recall the sangria being quite strong and definitely worth the price.  Noe sat with us and shared a few glasses with us.  This kind of personal attention with patrons is unusual and likely unheardful in today's typical hustle and bustle of restaurant business.  Noe -- you rock! and Cha Cha Cha - I'll be back for more sangria next time!
<review# 1598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2011,1/11/2012,361,578,3,5,5>Still my favorite place for sushi. Sam's my sushi doctor. I need weekly checkups, and I follow his instructions and fish insights (which has probably saved me from food-borne illness at other sushi joints). I've probably had everything on the menu. Highlights: - Boston Uni (when available): If you like uni, this is a smaller, deeper-colored, sweeter version. - Baby Lobster: My mom's favorite. Served with a delicious roe spread and toasted almonds. - Bonito: Just because it's delicious with slivered onions and sauce. - Special Unagi: Roasted with black pepper. Freaking delicious. - Sam's Special Roll: Shrimp tempura with sweet sauce rolled in rice and seaweed? So simple, it's amazing. Cooked food is also good. I even recommend the chicken teriyaki (if you have non-fish loving friends). You can tasted the grilled-ness in the chicken. The sukiyaki is also yummy. And the staff treats my mama right. I got a t-shirt. Woo. Now I just need a tote bag...
<review# 1599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2011,1/10/2012,364,222,1,10,9>Yes, I sound like a broken record but it's another great restaurant addition to the city of San Mateo. I've been excited to try All Spice for two reasons: One, the the head chef here previously worked at Amber India and two it was located in an old Victorian house.  Stunning torquise walls and a warm fire place greets you when you walk into the main dining area.Food and service here was impeccable! It really was modern Indian cuisine done at it's best. I decided to go with the lamb chops and was not disappointed. Meat was cooked to perfection and flavor was spot on. Our waiter was very attentive and gave us honest suggestions. They even gave us another dessert because they could tell we weren't happy with our first choice. Awesome service! Just a little tip for you YELPERS...since they haven't gotten their liquor license yet they are offering free corkage. So defiantly take advantage of it while it lasts!
<review# 1600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,1/9/2012,694,903,5,7,7>LOVED the fair!!!$10 to get in and we can walk there - no parking fee for us! But HEY, just park down the street and walk people.60 carnival ride tickets is $70. Most good rides are 5 tickets. We had a lot of fun. The standard lame games are there to win shitty stuffed animals - but great people watching.PIGGIES!!! The pig races were by far the highlight and go every 2 hours. They are SO cute and they have 1.5 month old piglets near the race area and they were SOOO cute I wanted to steal one but they were too huddled up under the heat lamp.We also made it to the FFA, 4H stuff - lots of lambs, pigs and boring cows. But plenty to see. Why are the bunnies here so enormous? weird-ass chickens and hens too. I had my first FRIED OREO ever - it was um.. sugary? rich? I wanted milk so bad it was super cake-y. once was enough. Lots of food, skip the bbq though - too chewy. Large beer = $9Exhibits are the norm - photos, sewing, pies, etc. I found it all odd and entertaining. Air Supply was the free concert our night, but we didnt make it there.Can't wait for next year!:)
<review# 1601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2012,8/28/2012,751,680,14,21,20>Both of my daughters had activities one Friday night, so my wife and I had a few hours with just the two of us.  An intimate dinner sounded good, but we didn't make any reservations anywhere.  Spasso looked pretty crowded from the outside, and the reservations were full, but they were willing to accommodate us.  It's a small restaurant, and the tables were not turning over too quickly.  The staff was apologetic, and seated us as soon as a table opened up.We had a chance to go over the menu while waiting for our table, so we knew what we wanted. Our friendly and personable waiter greeted us, and was ready to take our order.  We told him we had to be out by a certain time to pick up our daughters. A basket of their warm, house-made bread arrived, with an olive oil dipping sauce.While waiting for our orders to arrive, I had to chance to look around the restaurant.  A dimly-lit restaurant, painted a clay color on the walls.  There's a bar on one side the restaurant, which was very busy.  Waiters and bussers were busy, working the floor, but without the a hint of being flustered.  Soon, our orders arrived.  (Apologies for the dark pictures, but I didn't want to turn on the flash in the restaurant)The restaurant has a nice selection of small plates, or tapas. My wife wasn't too hungry, but ordered the following:-Veal cannelloni (yelp.com/biz_photos/Hvwn):  ricotta cheese, mushrooms, asiago cheese,  marinara sauce and a balsamic reduction.  Nice small portion for a tasting.  Loved the fresh-tasting marinara sauce.-Strip steak satay (yelp.com/biz_photos/Hvwn): This came with sautéed spinach and onion rings.  Nicely arranged. The steak was tender, and nicely marinated.I ordered:-Mista Salad (yelp.com/biz_photos/Hvwn):  mixed greens with cherry tomatoes and goat cheese.  A nicely arranged salad, with a refreshingly tart balsamic vinaigrette, and creamy goat cheese.-Pork chop (yelp.com/biz_photos/Hvwn): roasted sweet potatoes, sautéed spinach and dry cherry port wine reduction.  Nice, thick, and juicy pork chop.  The cherry glaze had a slight sweetness, which didn't over power the pork chop.  Loved the seasonal sweet potatoes.Too bad we were in a time crunch, otherwise we would have ordered dessert.Overall, we really liked this place.  Our food came out quickly, but well paced as requested, and the staff was very friendly and engaging.Great neighborhood restaurant.  Will be back.
<review# 1602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,8/27/2012,107,216,1,4,1>I was looking for a nice hair salon close to my work that would not cost me an eye.I love this salon. The owners are super nice and friendly. They really want to make sure you get the hair cut you like. The hair massage was so good, I could have fallen asleep :)I will definitely return here and will recommend this place to my friends.
<review# 1603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,8/26/2012,91,262,5,3,5>I read all these excellent reviews about this place so I came to check it out. I'm no Cuban food snob, so I went into it knowing that it would be a fun and different experience. I knew from the reviews that the Sangria was where the party would start. While waiting in their lounge area, I ordered a pitcher of Sangria. The reviews were right, it was very good. So good that I ended up drinking 3/4 of the pitcher myself.I ordered an appetizer of "Camerones al"- something (hey, I was drunk). It was excellent. Not so much the taste of the prawns as the sauce it came in. I was literally licking the plate.For an entree, I ordered "Chicken al Cubano". It came smothered in spices, gravy and veggies on top of rice pilaf. The chicken was juicy and very tender. The seasoning was perfect, not too much salt but a lot of good spice.I felt like I was back in Puerto Rico, since I've never been to Cuba, I'll assume they are close in decor and style. The decor is fun and intimate. They had Cuban music playing in the background and vibrant colors throughout the restaurant. Everyone was having a good time and the service was prompt. The Sangria was so good that I couldn't remember where I was, what I had done or why I had an all-day headache the day afterwards. I swear I'm not an alkie...it's just THAT good!I will definitely be going back and next time I'll share my pitcher of Sangria :-)
<review# 1604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,8/25/2012,896,808,18,26,20>When I think of a bakery, I think of muffins, breads, cakes, and cookies. La Biscotteria is not at all a typical bakery (no cupcakes, no baguettes, etc.) and its hours are quite limited.Tips:* Check the hours before you go - days and hours open are quite limited (open Wednesday - Saturday, limited hours).* Arrive early - they sell out and may close before their posted hours.* Order a day ahead if you want focaccia bread, which is available on Saturday only.What we bought:* Amaretti cookies - The amaretti cookies were ridiculously good. They reminded me of the delicious center of an almond croissant, except lighter, and without the heavy buttery croissant on the outside. This is a heavenly gluten-free cookie made out of almond paste, egg whites, and sugar. It's a little bit crunchy on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside.* Chocolate hazelnut biscotti - My super picky son LOVED the chocolate biscotti and ate it despite the hazelnuts, which shocked me. These biscotti became addictive to all of us. I would've chosen the chocolate covered chocolate biscotti, but my son thought it had "too much taste." * Rosemary breadsticks - Crunchy and nice.* Cheese ravioli - We enjoyed the ravioli, which we bought frozen.* Traditional marinara sauce - The jarred marinara tasted vibrant and delicious. One of the better prepared pasta sauces I've tried. It didn't taste like it came out of a jar to me, and I liked that it wasn't salty.This is a unique little bakery that specializes in biscotti. I'd driven by it hundreds of times without noticing it. When I finally went to La Biscotteria, I showed up during their business hours with my 5-year-old and the door was locked because they'd sold out of many items. Luckily, a customer let me in and I was able to buy the aforementioned items on the list. For what they make, 5 stars.
<review# 1605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2012,8/24/2012,77,335,3,6,3>I've been driving past Le Petit Bistro for some time now so I was excited when my boyfriend took me to check it out. I had the "Bisque de Homard" to start. It was a delicious lobster bisque for $9.50. It had wonderful chunks of lobster. The "Demi Canard Roti a l'orange" was my entree. It was also mouthwatering and delicious. It was a roasted crispy half duck with a tangy fruit sauce for $24.95. It came with poached pears and perfectly seasoned and cooked carrots and mashed potatoes. One of the great things about this place is they really speak French. It was fun to speak to them in French while I was there. I would definitely go back and take friends. This is a great find for French food.
<review# 1606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2012,8/23/2012,206,213,5,8,7>I had a great dining weekend!  Finding gems after gems of good restaurants.  Mokutanya being one of them.  Swanky, chic atmosphere with the glass partitions to give you privacy with your party.  Only thing is, you have to take off your shoes to sit.  I can forsee that being a bad idea if someone has smelly feet.  Stank and food do not mix.We ordered a few items to try:Gyutan:  Tender and seasoned great.  I think this is much better than the gyutan at Koko's.Teba (Chicken Wings): Great smoky flavor and the wings were not overdone.Chicken Liver:  I'm the only one who liked this skewer.  I think it's the texture that turns people away from it.  The slight mushiness of the meat grosses people out I think.Konkatsu Ramen:  This was surprisingly good.  Chewy noodles, flavorful broth, perfectly cooked runny egg and the bowl was huge!  Enough to share between thre people.  Cold Ramen:  Love, love, love these noodles.  Chewy, topped with tobiko and the sauce had a sesame flavor with a kick to it.  Each bite was a burst of flavor in your mouth with a little crunch from the Tobiko.  We ordered a bunch of other items but I forgot what they were.  I'm definitely coming back and on Wednesdays and Thursdays, they have exotic items such as Kangaroo, Venison, Crocodile, etc....the Andrew Zimmerman in me can't wait to try it!P.S.-Check in on yelp for a free small Asahi!
<review# 1607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,8/22/2012,124,78,5,8,5>Pastis is one of those rare spots that is amazing for both brunch and dinner! After enjoying a fabulous Saturday brunch at Pastis a couple weeks back, my friend and I returned on Friday to see if dinner could match up, and it actually exceeded our expectations.BRUNCH:The atmosphere for brunch was light, airy and cheerful.  My friend and I split the nutella french toast and the classic eggs benedict, and both were divine, though I would probably recommend trying the nutella french toast with bananas to ease up on the sweetness.  The coffee was out-of-this-world: strong, rich, with no bitter after-taste.  I find myself yearning for a cup of Pastis' coffee even as I currently sip my own brew from home. Yeah, it's that good.DINNER:We had such a lovely experience for brunch, it is difficult to believe that dinner was even more exquisite.  To start, we were each brought a cup of cream of cauliflower soup, compliments of the chef.  It was a perfect pairing with the warm, crisp french bread, and a great way to start off the meal.  To drink, we ordered the kir royale, which we have been craving ever since returning from Paris -- such a treat!  The only less-than-stellar aspect of the night were the escargots, which left something to be desired -- they were not as flavorful or rich as I would have liked, and they were more difficult to extract from the shell than usual. However, our main dishes were extraordinary.My filet mignon was excellent and very flavorful, and the sides of mashed potatoes and ratatouille were perfect accompaniments.  I also managed to steal a taste of my friend's buf bourguignon(the Friday night special), and I was beyond impressed!  Both my mother and grandmother make this dish, and as much as I love their versions, I must say I actually think Pastis does it better! The chef brought us out a little dessert to taste at the end of the meal -- raspberries and shortbread -- which was the perfect cap to a wonderful evening. I can't say enough about Pastis, and I can't wait to return!FYI: Be sure to make reservations! And keep in mind that they don't do dinner on Sunday nights as of now. Service is nice and slow, French-style, allowing for plenty of time to enjoy food and conversation, so make sure you plan accordingly.  Also fun to note that most of the waitstaff is French and many of the patrons are French as well.
<review# 1608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,8/21/2012,136,219,2,4,2>I live like... 5 minutes walk from here. It would the be height of laziness for me not to go!Plus, got to support my dad, who is volunteering with his kendo club! And grab me some tasty tempura! Which, everyone, you really shouldn't miss.It's always tons of fun, with cheap games, usually around the 50 cent mark. If you are itching for a cheap thrill with a date, you shouldn't miss this Obon festival. Come on... shaved ice from $2 for the basic, to maybe at most $6 for all the toppings and fancy shmancy stuff? There's also strawberry shortcake, manju, corn, spam musubi... the list goes on. Open late too!
<review# 1609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2012,8/20/2012,1556,579,8,16,12>I've started out at Prajna in search of the most affordable, best quality yoga classes around. They have a 5 classes for $45 deal going on for new students. I can honestly say that all five classes I attended here were awesome in their own special way! Every teacher seems to have an awareness and complete understanding of what exactly he or she is teaching to the students.The yoga room is very clean, quiet and peaceful. Be warned no matter what the temperature is outside, it stays on the warm side inside. When I wore pants vs. shorts it started to feel close to Bikram yoga (temperature wise.)There are tons of parking spaces available in the private lot at Prajna. Every class I attended, anytime of day or night, always had ample space for more participants. I really love the instructors and the whole positive vibe about this place. I think we have a winner!
<review# 1610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,8/19/2012,181,203,,8,4>Fan-freaking-tastic.We were lucky enough to have chosen THE rainiest day to move last month and were thinking that even though we had movers coming, it was going to be a disaster. No worries! Blankets and shrink wrap, check! I've never used professional movers before, and I won't use anyone other than these guys going forward. They showed up and moved quickly, all the while smiling and even making jokes with each other- the rain didn't phase them! The best part was that they didn't even want us to empty drawers or containers- they just wrapped and moved. Deck box? Wrap it up! End tables? Wrap them up! Couch, heavy tv, fragile mirrors and glass? Wrap them up!! It was so easy.Once we got to the new place, they put down blankets so they didn't track in water and then moved everything including a couch we already had downstairs up as we asked- just amazing. I can't highly recommend them enough!!!
<review# 1611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2012,7/19/2012,836,728,8,14,11>LUNCH BUFFET!! $12!!I've been meaning to try Xanh for awhile now, since they seem to have good reviews on Yelp. I came here for lunch with a yelp friend, Lena D., on a Friday at 11am! It was the best time to go! We wanted to avoid the Mt. View business lunch crowd!I was amazed by the wide selection of dishes they had for lunch! Garlic noodles, catfish, spring rolls, papaya salad, tapioca dessert, etc.I must've eaten 4 plates worth and it's such a great deal for a buffet lunch! Yum!The interior of the restaurant is nice. It kind of reminds me of a nightclub! :P Great service and staff! I wouldn't mind coming here again or trying their dinner entrees!
<review# 1612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2012,7/18/2012,273,395,3,5,4>So I don't think I ever knew that pastrami existed in a form outside of thin sliced deli meat until my visit yesterday to The Refuge. What great pastrami that I've just been introduced to!I had the Toasted Slaw #19 with fries.  I woulda gotten the Reuben, but I'm not a fan of sauerkraut.  Good hearty portion, with a side of pickled red onions (yum) and a humongous pickle!  In general, I can always eat fries, but I could have probably done without.My friend got the Pastrami Burger and a side of Goofy fries.  Without actually tasting it, I know the burger must be good since he's come back several times just for the burger. Goofy fries were really good.  First of all, I liked the garlic-ness of the garlic fries, and then the cheese sauce was good too.  Not too heavy, but just enough.Service was good.  We were seated right away, our server was very attentive, and our waters kept getting topped off.  Found parking out front and didn't deal with much traffic getting here.
<review# 1613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,7/17/2012,228,190,4,3,3>I really can't see. Seriously. My prescription is in the negative high teens, and I can't qualify for disposable contacts, I'm that blind. So going to the eye doctor is a perilous experience for me. I start getting nervous and sweaty palms when they ask me how far down I can read on the eye chart. Then I walked into Eye City...To fully appreciate my amazing experience at Eye City, I must backtrack - I got my exam done at Costco because they said they took VSP. They didn't tell me that they weren't an "in-network provider", so only a portion of the exam was covered. Turns out that Costco's eye glass sales don't carry the thinnest High Index plastic available, so I turned to yelp to find another place. I tried a couple in Palo Alto and it was posh city - $500+ frames! I would ask where the VSP frames were and they'd pull out a dusty drawer of ugly frames that didn't fit my wide, flat facial type. I also don't have a pronounced bridge on my nose to hold glasses up. I searched Yelp again for a shop that worked for my face and found Eye City.It was a bit of drive to this location (it's on the south end of Mountain View, close to Sunnyvale), but as soon as I walked in, I was greeted by the friendly receptionist. I told her my story, and she told me not to worry, they'd help me find the perfect pair. She introduced me to the doctor. They carry a huge selection of frames, including frames specifically for wide faces like mine. The doctor showed me several frames that would fit my face well, stay close to my budget and would camouflage the thickness of my glasses. She didn't rush me or anything as I texted pictures to my boyfriend for his opinion. When I finally made a decision, they allowed me to split the payments into two, as long as I was paid in full when I picked them up. Because my prescription was so high, it took 3 weeks for them to arrive, but that was expected. When I came to pick them up, the receptionist cleaned them and made sure they fit well, adjusting the frame as necessary. Plus I got a cleaning kit for checking in on Yelp. The whole time I didn't feel embarrassed about the the thickness of my glasses - I felt relief.
<review# 1614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2012,7/16/2012,50,206,2,4,4>- This review is focused on the happy hour menu, which we have consistently liked.- The special menu for the happy hour lets you order 5 items for the price of only 4, and it includes should amongst roughly the following:  Cheese Pizza, Calamari, Fries, Onion Rings, Spanikopita, Olives, Bruschetta, Pigs in a Blanket, Fried Stuffed Olives, Fried Artichoke hearts, and some spring roll that we don't ever get (I think it has mushrooms in it).- I find the Pizza is quite good, and also recommend the Spanikopita (very flakey).  The other items are also good, depending on your taste preferences.- Happy hour drinks are a bit of a mix.  They offer Moretti for $3, which is a passable beer.  There are a smattering of house wines for $4, which I wouldn't really recommend.  And, there are a number of $5 cocktails, which is where I would say is the best choice.- Service for us has always been solid or better.  It seems like the gentlemen there are real deal Italians, which is nice.Definitely a good place to sit at the outside tables and do the happy hour special.  It's a go-to place for us on that note.  I definitely give them props for their HH menu!
<review# 1615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2012,7/15/2012,562,1006,8,17,10>Review #600! Coming here for negative tide at least once is an absolute must do for those who live in the bay area!  Its an easy day trip from most places, and is such a fun way to spend a few hours.   At a negative tide, the whole reef is exposed for 3-4 hours and you can walk very easily to the tidepools to check out the sea life.   We saw: oodles of brilliant blue, green, and purple sea anemones, bright spiny sea urchins, hermit crabs, bigger crabs, harbor seals (from a distance) and a whole bunch of different kinds of starfish including traditional 5-pointed stars, bat stars, and even one sunflower starfish (~20ish arms).There's free parking in the lot off Lake St and then its a 2 minute walk down to the beach and tidepools.   For the best sea creatures, walk to the left down to the point.   That's where it gets really good.  We spotted some good stuff right near the parking lot, but once we walked down closer to the point, we didn't even have to look , there were just pools filled with sea urchins and anemones.  It is certainly not a well kept secret and it is crowded, especially since we went on a weekend afternoon.   That said, I never felt like all the other people interfered with our enjoyment.   We did see a few people picking up sea critters (despite the fact that its against the rules of the marine reserve), which upset my fiance a little bit.   At least there was no one taking them or harming them, as far as we could tell.   Please do remember that even if you don't think you're hurting them, picking animals up and moving them around can cause them enough stress to kill them, so you should respect the rules of the reserve.If you are wondering how negative the tide has to be (like I was), I think any negative tide is sufficient.  When we went it was "only" negative .5 foot, and the entire reef seemed exposed for hours.   So don't feel like it has to be negative three feet or anything to see good stuff.I was really surprised by how much fun this was.  I've been low-tiding tons of times in Maine and thought this would be fairly repetitive, but the sea life is so different in the Pacific than the Atlantic.   The sea life here has such beautiful, vibrant colors.  Definitely a great way to spend an afternoon.
<review# 1616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,7/14/2012,286,975,7,3,6>Ike is like the Pied Piper of deliciousness.I have never had a more incredible vegetarian sandwich.  I don't know if I've ever had a more mindblowing sandwich, anywhere, ever.  The Pilgrim and the vegetarian version of the Jim Rome are both worth committing felony offenses for.Yes, the lines are always long and the prices are a little high... But I have yet to find a single lunch place in the greater Palo Alto area that I prefer.I wrote Ike a note to this effect that I casually slipped onto his table while he was doing some work in the Place.  I also proposed marriage to his sandwiches.  Perhaps this gives some indication of how much you should be craving some avocado, pesto, tofurkey, fake'in, Dutch Crunch, cranberry sauce, and that warm feeling that bubbles up inside you when they call your name and your perfect, masterpiece of a sandwich is ready...
<review# 1617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,7/13/2012,165,28,40,18,20>3.5 miles. First hill is brutal. Not recommended if you haven't worked out in years. I hadn't and now my glutes, calves, and assorted other muscles are sore. Pain is weakness leaving the body, right? Right.Clockwise - harder route. Once you get up the first hill you have the option of going counterclockwise as the path forks. This is the right-sided path - "easier." Marginally. "Left" path = you continuing huffing and puffing your way up to the first plateau.The surroundings are barren. Nary a tree with shade for you. There is nowhere to hide. The big bad wolf is gonna get you. Bring 2 bottled waters. Remember to sip slowly so you don't get cramps.3/4 of the way through the course, when you are thinking to yourself how good that ice-cold mojito and 500-calorie chips and guac sound, you'll see an opportunity to exit left towards Junipero Serra. It will tempt you like cake when your blood sugar is low. On the left, Junipero Serra. On the right, an "opportunity" to continue mauling your body with -- wait for it -- wait for it ---...ANOTHER MOTHERF*CKING HILL! For you to climb! All by your lonesome. Swell, eh?This is when I sucked it up, put "Ballin So Hard (That $hit Cray)" on mental repeat in my iBrain, and continued up hill. I mistakenly thought that would be the last hill. Nope. On to the next one. You see, God doesn't love me enough. Luckily, that was the last and final one.To say I wasn't hurting after my first Dish excursion would be like saying Michael Jackson hated kids.
<review# 1618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,7/12/2012,141,329,5,7,5>Having visited Jersey Joe's almost 4 years ago, it was definitely time to go back and give them another chance. Previously I wasn't too impressed, but I chalked it up to taking my food to go. This time I'd be dining in to guarantee a true experience.I ordered a cheesesteak with grilled onions and both American cheese and the cheese sauce. That's the way, uh huh uh huh, I like it. But instead of just fries on the side, let me tell you about an amazing concoction you most definitely have to experience.Have you heard of Carne Asada fries? Well, Jersey Joe's has an off menu item I will call Cheesesteak Fries. It's a bed of french fries covered in the innards of a cheesesteak....and it will blow your mind! Yes, you're heading straight for a heart attack with this beauty, but if you're gonna go out in style, this is the way. I was also impressed with their selection of draft beers, specifically all the local Devil's Canyon brews on tap. Really awesome and at $3.50 a pint, an incredible deal. Service was excellent and prompt too.My only complaint is that there wasn't enough steak on the cheesesteak. In my opinion you can never have enough meat, and I felt skimped a bit. The bread to meat ratio was off and not in the good way. Perhaps next time I'll order double meat and test it out.But all in all, I really enjoyed Jersey Joe's. I'm a huge mega fan of Amato's Cheesesteaks in San Jose, and I still think they're the tops, but Jersey Joe's is worth your time if SJ is a bit out of the way.
<review# 1619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,7/11/2012,181,676,8,11,10>This small restaurant on a Menlo Park sidestreet is quite the gem!  Shiok is a cozy, chic restaurant serving some really good eats.The claypot rice is definitely the thing to get ... it was like in the movie Ratatouille, when the bitter food critic was instantly transported to another place by the taste of the chicken and lap cheong over rice!!Service, food, and ambiance were all great.  Prices were reasonable, if not exactly cheap, and there's plenty of free parking nearby.
<review# 1620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2012,7/10/2012,656,1338,5,12,10>I have been a fan of Arya since they first opened their restaurant in Cupertino.Unfortunately, since we moved further down the peninsula, it became a bit inconvenient to go there.When i heard they were opening a location in RWC I was thrilled! Although, I was a bit suspicious that the food would be as good as I remembered.We had dinner there with family a few weeks after they opened, and everyone loved their food. Both my husband and I said to each other as soon as we left, "Wow, I forgot how good the food is here. "There were a variety of dishes ordered at our table: lamb shank, lamb kebab, lubia polo, and I had the chicken koobideh, which was a favorite of mine in the past. I love that they use only white meat,the spices were fantastic, and  the rice was cooked perfectly. The portion was so large i only ate half, and took the rest home. This is a very reasonably priced meal.At this location, there's a wood burning oven, which allows them to make fresh pizza. We all shared one, and were pleasantly surprised at how good it was. (The chef made pizzas in past restaurants.)  They are also making fresh baked lavash, I only had a small piece, but it was delicious.Our server was young, but really fantastic. I was totally impressed at how great the service was. He was pleasant, and when he didn't know the answer to a question we had, he went and found out quickly.After eating some awful Persian food in the area, I'm really happy this place is so close to home.
<review# 1621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2011,1/8/2012,286,975,8,7,7>I hadn't had bubble tea before tonight.  Now I want tapioca pearls instead of ice in every drink I ever drink.I had the mango-flavored tea (not the milk tea or smoothie), and it was absolutely phenomenal.  Sweet but not too sweet, with just the right amount of tapioca pearls.  I had the small size, and still felt as satisfied as if I had had a big, real dessert.Reasonable price-- it's pretty big, and costs about $3.  I would not have known what to do without my friend who brought me here though... It's a identity-changing rite of passage to learn just how to bubble tea!
<review# 1622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2011,1/7/2012,415,436,4,5,4>I studied at Satura Cakes a few times a week back in May and I always appreciated the clean cafe, the soft music playing in a non-obnoxious way in the background, and the delicious drinks and desserts. My favorite cake is the coconut mango, followed by the strawberry shortcake. The texture of the cake is perfect and the cream filling or topping is soft and light, not like hard American frosting. Drinks wise, I would not recommend the Chai (go to Coupa for that and get the elephant spice chai). I like the lattes and I always appreciate the designs they draw in the coffees. The chocolate nut cookies with salted borders are my family's favorite cookies, so grab a bag of 3 (or 8!) on your way out.
<review# 1623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,1/6/2012,128,133,9,7,7>**I would like to dedicate my 100th review (errr update) to the lovely Chere Tremaine**La la la la la laLa la la la la laMy Chere Amour, keeps my blonde like a summer's dayMy Chere Amour, you do my do up just the perfect wayMy Chere Amour, my horrid hair troubles are no moreYou're the only stylist my hair lives forHow I love that you are mineIn The Polished Look, is the place we meetEvery time I leave, I feel like a brand new meMy Chere Amour, you listen to my thoughts and don't ignoreYou make me trim the ends that I once woreHow I love that you are mineMaybe someday you'll again see my hair brownMaybe someday my blonde obsession will calm downOh, Chere Amour, you have a talent that I adoreYou're the only stylist my hair lives forHow I love that you are mineLa la la la la laLa la la la la la
<review# 1624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2011,1/5/2012,636,81,6,11,9>Japanese Owned and DELICIOUS!! They're located in downtown Mt. View right across from a good sized parking lot. If you're here on a weekday, you shouldn't have too much trouble finding parking here. There's usually a wait so if you want to make sure you have a table when you arrive, you may want to call  ahead to make reservations!The mom & pop owned restaurant is a small size spot with tables, tatami seating, and sushi bar as well. They have amazing quality sashimi on their Omakase menu. If you're looking for huge portions and creative rolls with mayo and crap on it, this is NOT your place. BUT IF you are looking for traditional Japanese foods and Grade AA sashimi fish, this is your place. The fish is super fresh and the cooked foods are good too. The staff works fast and is always there if you need anything from them. This is my go to Japanese restaurant when in Mt. View. It's worth an hour wait on the weekends!!
<review# 1625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,1/4/2012,181,203,3,3,6>My second time there and I must say, I feel like a cheater. I have a pretty loyal Jack's Prime only policy, but WOW! Godfather's is sooooooo good.Burger patty- cooked perfectly (medium rare)Cheese- meltyBun- I got the wheat bun and it was divine.Condiments- Lettuce=crispy, tomatoes=fresh, onions= I didn't eat themSweet Potato Fries- really stinkin' goodAs far as cheeseburger to cheeseburger comparison goes, Godfather's wins this race. I think it gets pretty busy here, but I've eaten there once and taken it to go once- both times it was quick and I got great service!
<review# 1626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,1/3/2012,403,410,8,11,8>Well worth a visit or two (or three! or four!)!I came here with my friend Tomoko to eat some authentic pizza napoletana, and we certainly did.The place is tiny and seats maybe 25-30 people max.  One wall is painted with a colorful mural and there are tiny lights to bring about a cozy atmosphere.  This place has personality.I ordered the Zuppa di Pollo (Chicken soup with asparagus and mushrooms in a light tomato broth) and the basic Marinara pizza since I can't eat cheese.  The soup was delicious!  So flavorful, perfect salted, and warmed me up.  The pizza was crispy, fresh, and easy to eat.  It was tasty, but I wish I could eat something with cheese!Tomoko ordered the signature Napoletana pizza (Tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella, Italian homemade sausage, basil, parmesan and extra virgin olive oil), and it looked amaaaazing.The waiter was attentive and nice - granted we arrived just as they opened at 11am on Sunday.  He did give us the impression that pizzas can't be changed; the chef is adamant that changing anything on his menu would disrupt his vision of how these pizzas should taste.  Understandable.  Trust the man on his own art.  I'm just sad I can't order something and ask for no cheese.  Maybe I'll just order up next time and suffer.  I will surely be back to try something else.  Everything is a little pricey, but I don't mind supporting a small business driven with passion to deliver the best it can.
<review# 1627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2011,1/2/2012,17,47,13,9,7>A hummus shop? You can get hummus anywhere these days. You can throw a dart and hit some place that sells hummus. It's like basing a restaurant around biscotti. What a bad idea.Only it's not. Oren's has become my go-to vegan tapas joint. At least once a week my wife and I sit down at one of their counters and get an order of hummus, 3 sides, a lemonade and pita.I've been eating so-called American-style Middle Eastern fast food for 3 decades now, so I consider myself an amateur expert in hummus, falafel, baba ganoush and tabbouleh. My all-time favorite was a step-down Lebanese place across from the courthouse in New Brunswick, NJ. My theory is that each region has their own idea of what constitutes proper falafel, hummus, etc., and that leads to situations like what we have now on University Avenue, with 3-4 places serving falafel and hummus, and all different. I'm quite sure the Lebanese have decided that the Israeli hummus is horrible, and that the Israelis make nasty comments about the Turkish falafel. My point is that, to a degree, what you consider "good" hummus depends upon what you grew up with.So Oren's is the Israeli hummus place. And as far as I can tell, the most distinguishing twist on the cuisine that is evident at Oren's is their doughy pita bread. They have it in white and wheat versions, and you can get a mix of both. I have determined through blind taste testing that there is no distinction save the color. My first reaction was that this is pita bread like you would find at Panera, or in Missouri. It's too puffy! It's not my favorite, but I have over time gotten used to it, and even like it now.Yes, the falafel balls are small. These are not huge elephant balls. They're delicate fairy balls. They are unassuming balls. These aren't balls that cram your mouth full so you can't breathe. You're going to like Oren's balls, though, because size isn't everything. In fact making his balls smaller might be a deliberate strategy, as it increases the ratio of fried crust to inner ball.I can't believe some people are whining about price here. Perhaps if you get some meat thing it's expensive. I don't know. All I do know is that an elderly vegan couple facing retirement without the prospect of any financial support whatsoever can get stuffed here for under $20, before tip. And I mean stuffed, as in "for god's sake don't ask for more pitas!"Speaking of tips, here's mine: if it's busy and you are only a couple of people, sit at the counter in the back or in the front rather than waiting for a table. It's very comfortable and even fun. I don't know why sitting on a stool is fun, but it works out that way. Service is generally efficient, although a couple times I have waited in despair for my check. Just get up and grab someone, don't sit there and stew like me.Update: I've decided to update my rating to 5 stars after getting an email from Oren's asking if they could improve anything. I did send some suggestions, but I have to be honest that if there is a place that I keep coming back to, that's 5 stars in my book. I mean, what else do I want, dancing girls? Oren's is perfection incarnated in the form of pita and hummus.
<review# 1628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2011,1/1/2012,809,645,7,13,15>It's surprising how few restaurants are on the water on the San Francisco Peninsula.  That's one thing that makes Kincaid's so special.  The other things are the daily Happy Hour (M-F 3-7; SS all day), the terrific service (I love you Elaine!), the view of the airplanes taking off and landing at SFO, and the food...oh...the food.  Let's start with the Happy Hour menu.  Hubby loves the Rockefeller, and I got the clams smothered in butter with a side of fries and fresh hunk of garlic bread all for half the price of their regular menu (under $10).  Their wine menu is vast and the wall of alcohol encourages you to try one of their many creative martinis.  They have steaks and seafood.  All topped off with a melt-in-your-mouth dessert and it's no wonder Kincaid's is a favorite spot of many of the Peninsula locals.TIP:  Join their rewards program and earn points for every dollar and get specials via email.
<review# 1629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2011,12/30/2011,171,275,6,17,6>THIS PLACE IS SO GOOD and I am korean! I was feening for korean before our massage and I saw some awesome ratings here, so the hubby and I came here last night and WOW so good! Service was AWESOME!  Lots of fresh and REALLY REALLY good ban-chan (side dishes).  We ordered the dae ji bulgogi (spicy pork) and spicy tofu soup with chicken. SOOO good we hoovered it all and had 3 servings of the banchan.  VERY happy will come here again!
<review# 1630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2011,12/29/2011,876,750,14,30,20>Montara Mountain is perhaps not the best place to find solitude, but damn if the views are not special. "Scenic" does not do this spot justice. 1900 vertical feet in about 3.9 miles to the top. Not much more to be said. Pick a cool day, wait for clear skies, and just do it. The steep ascent to the summit is quite simply magnificent, and who cares if other people know it, too? Look around: it's hard not to be impressed: yelp.com/biz_photos/Ct46At the top, when you gaze down like an Olympian goddess at Pacifica and San Francisco, with the peaks and valleys spread out at your feet, you can't help but feel your pulse quicken: yelp.com/biz_photos/Ct46And the death-defying Devil's Slide on Highway One never looked as awesome as seen from high above, with the sound of waves crashing on rocks far below: yelp.com/biz_photos/Ct46Look to the south for amazing views of Montara beach, the Pillar Point radar station, Half Moon Bay, and the Santa Cruz mountain ridgelines. if you look carefully (or have binoculars), you can even see the mega waves of Mavericks breaking offshore: yelp.com/biz_photos/Ct46Whether you hike, bike, jog, meander, or just lose yourself in the vastness of open space and fragrant splendor of the chaparral-covered hillsides, this is definitely a place to reconnect with all that makes coastal California so unforgettably great: yelp.com/biz_photos/Ct46
<review# 1631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,12/21/2012,16,181,1,5,6>Looks like I finally find new gem in RWC....Eastern European food near my home & affordable with lots of very good Czech beer!!!!They just open few day ago, so tonight I went to try it.Food was very good (tender) and Black currant flavored vodka also.I'll be back this weekend with my wife.
<review# 1632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,12/20/2012,61,194,4,2,2>A slightly plump dancing chicken wearing sunglasses as their logo? Was this just a gimmick or will the chicken live up to the marketing? Being that this place is called Gangnam Chicken, of course we had to have some chicken. Three of us split a full order of fried chicken (14-16 pieces), half with Gangnam sauce and half with garlic mustard sauce. The portion size was large and came with a side of coleslaw and pickles. The verdict? Crispy and juicy fried chicken that is not greasy. I easily ate my third (about 5 pieces) of the chicken without feeling as sick as after eating two pieces at KFC. We also ordered some fries on the side and fish cake soup. Both were good enough if you're looking for something non chicken although not special.The waitress was super nice. We found out that every order is made fresh so it will take 10-15 minutes for the food to be made, especially since they don't want to undercook the chicken. They are still working out the operational kinks so if they get too busy, things will be slower. Beer will soon be served, which will make this a great place to get some beer and wings while watching some bball on their large screen TV.
<review# 1633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,12/19/2012,439,150,3,8,4>The food here is quite tasty and authentic. We usually come for lunch and order the same core things every time - beef chow fun, wonton noodle soup, and egg/pork congee. I really like their wonton noodle soup - both the noodles and wontons taste really fresh and have a slightly springy chew to them.This is one of the most efficient restaurants I've ever been to. If there's a wait, they have a semi-fancy ticketing system that's hooked up to the TV in the front. Once you place your order, they drop off a receipt that tells you when you ordered, and the food starts showing up within 5 minutes. Great for a quick meal with an antsy 2-year-old.
<review# 1634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,12/17/2012,219,140,16,5,7>Ok, I'm going to come clean... this was the first time I've ever indulged in deep dish pizza.  Was I blown away?  Honestly, I felt like I was cheating on thin crust.I'm sorry, thin crust.  I can't believe it happened, either.I know, I know, I said that I would never look at another type of pizza again, but I got carried away, ok?  Swept up in the moment.Do I still love you?  Of course I still love you!  You're still my number 1.You still have my heart, I promise.  ...Is it ok if I continue to see deep dish on the side, though?  As perfect and amazing as you are, deep dish satisfies some cravings that I didn't even know I had!  It's just so saucy and juicy and cornmeal-crust-y and satisfying and delicious...  I love deep dish.  Just a little bit less than you, thin crust.(Good thing Blue Line has thin crust too... all my pizza needs satisfied in one location!)
<review# 1635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,12/16/2012,185,194,9,16,16>Unlike my yelp buddy Luis C., I haven't really gotten into the whole food truck thing.  Maybe it's because there aren't any particularly good ones nearby... but wait, all that has changed.  Just had incredibly delicious crab dinner from these guys tonight.  It's a husband and wife team, living out their dream.  They just opened about a week ago.  They've been at the local coastal public markets and various beaches in the area. I called to see if they could provide some crab dinners for us for my son's 18th (I cannot believe it!) dinner.  Not only did they provide us each with a very healthy sized, impeccably fresh crab, they were perfectly steamed.  They included a jar of drawn butter, a wonderful roll, and slaw.  The roll was not your ordinary wonder bread like puff, but tasty and almost brioche like.  The slaw looked lovely nestled in a little cup made of purlple cabbage leaves.  It was either mostly or all fennel.  I think I would have preferred a mix of fennel and cabbage, maybe 50/50, and it needed more acid, but it was also very fresh, and we appreciated that it didn't have a bunch of gloppy mayo type dressing.  The price is $21, which was very reasonable for this size crab.  They also offer crab sandwiches and crab rolls, and eventually they will have crab cakes.Here's the actually unbelievable part.  When I told them it was a surprise special birthday dinner, they offered to drop it off at my house on their way back home to El Granada from the Pacifica farmers market.  I don't think this is something they'll do on a regular basis, but it shows how dedicated they are to getting their business going.  I was blown away!  With the room for improvement on the slaw, I probably would have given them a 4, but with that kind of heart, how can I do anything but a 5.
<review# 1636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,12/15/2012,1175,863,16,20,17>Hooray for state parks!  Support them whenever you can.This is a lovely place for hiking -- there are several trails of varying but relatively mild difficulty to choose from.  Parking for the day is just $6, and you can borrow a nature guide from the gatehouse to help you identify local plants and animals along your way.  Camping is available too, but we've only been here for day hiking so I can't comment on that.They have a park store on the grounds where you can purchase firewood, ice, and other essentials (ice cream too, but that goes without saying because that is an essential).  Our hike was pleasant, scenic, and most important of all, solitary.  We had the whole trail to ourselves and didn't encounter any fellow hikers.  Sometimes you just wanna be alone with the redwoods!The only bummer is that we could still hear a certain degree of traffic along the way.  Kinda takes the gild off the nature experience, but I'll let that slide  :)
<review# 1637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2012,12/14/2012,100,285,60,64,64>It's always good to get an extraordinary price when you buy wines and spirits; its great when you can pay bottom dollar AND get expert help on exactly what to buy.K&L not only delivers on extraordinary pricing, but they're also great at helping you find exactly what you want to buy whether or not you start out knowing what that is!  They accomplish this impressive feat using a really effective one-two punch: an incredibly powerful and flexible internal search engine on their web site, and a staff full of knowledgeable, friendly, helpful people.I'm a red-wine aficionado, and I have a particular passion for Cabernets.  I like most of my Cabs at least seven years old, so the majority of the space in my pseudo-cellar (its not actually underground, but it gets the job done) is Cabs.  As fast as I kill off my vintage soldiers, I replace them with younger recruits; most of the time, I buy Cabs when they're around four.  As most 2007 Cabernets can't be found at compelling price-points anymore, I'm currently shopping for outstanding 2008 vintages.Recently, I discovered the impressive heft of the left-hook in K&L's aforementioned one-two punch: their advanced internal search engine.  I was struck with its powerful capabilities when searching for a particular favorite, and soon found myself asking it to display potential cellaring candidates.  I told it to show me Cabernet Sauvignon and Blends from 2008 in the price range I wanted AND with wine review scores over 90, and it actually did!  I scanned the results, and soon had selected half a dozen cellaring candidates by reading the reviews shown from the "Fantastic Four" of Wine Country (aka Wine Enthusiast, Wine Advocate, Wine Spectator, and Robert Parker) as well as reviews and comments from K&L staffers.  I placed my picks in my online cart, and placed a will-call order for the Redwood City store; that's when I got to watch K&L's right cross in action.I showed up at the store a couple of days after I got an EMAIL telling me my will-call order was ready.  When I got to the counter, the helpful staffer there assembled my booty for me (along with a bottle of something else I bought in Real Time) and I chatted with him about the wines and the wineries they came from.  As it happened, I had just visited one of the wineries myself the week before.The staffer's knowledge was quite impressive.  Not only did he speak knowledgably about the harvests in the wines' areas of origin that year (and in the surrounding years) he shared his likes and dislikes about each choice in a completely non-judgmental way.  He also swapped stories with me about his most recent visit to the Von Strasser tasting room!  I've had similarly impressive experiences each and every time I've been at K&L since I discovered it last year.If fabulous, reasonably priced wine, expertly friendly customer service, and an amazing search engine that renders from a comprehensive database full of on-point public and proprietary content isn't enough to do the job for you, there's more!If you're taking a trip and want to bring some wine with you, K&L has a variety of custom packing materials for boxes containing various numbers of wine bottles.  You can buy it new, or help yourself for free to pre-used shipping containers K&L keeps as a courtesy to their customers.  yelp.com/biz_photos/kz_y They also sell wine paraphernalia (corkscrews, aerators, etc.) and have a fairly decent selection of glassware.  yelp.com/biz_photos/kz_y One last factoid: shipping on wines for will-call orders between the four K&L locations (the Main Warehouse, as well as stores in Hollywood, San Francisco, and Redwood City) is free!K&L has been my go-to wine seller since I first ran across a Yelp review for them last year.  I can't say enough good things about this place; it's a totally five star operation and you simply can't go wrong doing business here.
<review# 1638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,12/12/2012,93,447,6,8,5>COZY, CLEAN, SAFE & EXCELLENT SERVICE!At last minute notice, I have recently been adopted by a very large mutt!  His name is "Jackson Louie," and he is a LOVE!  I am fostering him from a client who could no longer keep Jackson due to his circumstances!  It's been a week now and with Jackson being an active dog, I needed a weekly grooming place that would accommodate my work schedule - and Fluff and Puff was just the ticker because they are open 7 days a week!  How cool is that?The manager... she is soooo cool!  She showed me the run how to bathe Jackson, gave me all the tools including clean towels, shampoo, dog brush and pretty much everything I need to make myself feel right at home!  She made it so easy for me and for Jackson too that we felt so comfortable like we were in our own tub!  And for $13 "do it yourself" - it's a bargain and you even get to use their dog blower too!  Fluff and Puff also provides personal grooming service where you can drop off your dog or your cat while you go do errands.  They do everything including nail trimming too which will be my next visit  for Jackson!They also provide a DAY CARE service (no boarding) where they take very good care of your dogs.  They get to play with other dogs and get walked 3x a day!  They do require an up to date vaccines including Bordatella and rabies -- so just make sure you have them handy!  Note:  their doggy day care are only for small to medium sized dogs about under 30 lbs!I have to share with you though that the best part about this place is that they have plenty of parking.  It is also adjacent to Pet club in case you forget to buy dog food, and best of all - the people that work here have EXCELLENT SERVICE!  Thank you Fluff and Puff for making my very first experience with you like I never left home!
<review# 1639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2012,12/11/2012,809,645,10,23,15>Bayfront Park is the perfect place for an afternoon run, a morning walk with the dog, a peaceful meditation break or a brisk getaway to look at the bay and breath some air.  The location is great - at 101 and Marsh Road - with lots of parking.  The trails are mostly worn, so well that even on rainy days they don't get too muddy (but watch out for puddles and holes).  The park is dog friendly, but make sure to keep Fido on a leash because some of the park is a preserve for different wildlife (like burrowing owls) and we don't want anyone or anything to get hurt.  For those of you who like a good run, start at the parking lot and run counterclockwise.  There's often a strong headwind that will challenge you.  For those who want it a bit easier, clockwise is for you.  For a great view, head up to the top of the hill and peruse the Baylands.  Either route is a fairly level loop that will add a spring to your step and smile to your day.Enjoy!
<review# 1640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2012,12/10/2012,82,1027,3,4,4>Location of this station is excellent.It's right smack near downtown .Architecturally, because isn't that the most important part of a station?! (j/k) it's not a bad station. I love the way here you can just walk on to the platform and board the train.It's a fairly quick ride, even the local train, into SF so it's a viable alternative to driving in. It's not really cheap and if you have more than 2 people, it's probably cheaper to drive and park in the city.It's not the most frequent at the weekends so that is also something else to take into consideration.
<review# 1641,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/20/2008,12/18/2008,412,187,42,28,28>This is a warning letter to all of you. I had my birthday lunch here 2 days ago and I'm still feeling the frightening aftermath of all you can eat seafood. I feel like Violet Beauregarde from Willy Wonka's chocolate factory, but instead of eating an everlasting gobstopper, I ate five (yes sweet baby Jesus) five plates of seafood. 1st off, this place is insane, I was overwhelmed just looking at it. In Tagalog, they have a term called "gutom mata" which translates to "hungry eyes". It's when you're eyes are bigger than your stomach. No, I'm not talking Dirty Dancing, I'm talking a whole floor of buffet tables. Shit. Shit. Shit. I remember living in 3rd world countries where their population could be fed just by what was laid out. Then I just went insane (screw you orphans, you're not here to haunt me with your piercing eyes right now!) Sushi, snow crab legs, peking duck, seaweed/jellyfish salad, made to grill steaks/salmon, lobster, clams, dim sum,  sashimi, rows and rows of chinese food, soups, tempura, fresh oysters, frog legs, clams... basically every character in The Little Mermaid except for Ariel, the dog and sexy sexy Prince Eric. I even ate an oyster the size of a 7 month old fetus (don't ask). I even have proof!photos-a.ak.facebook.com It was just one of those days where I was so overwhelmed by it all that I inhaled, not ate. They should just equip us with troughs and not plates... and also include a mumu or maternity pants. I can't even tell if it was all good, fuck, I probably swallowed my own fork during the meal and didn't even notice it.  So if you go, I implore you, please don't make the same mistake as me... eat only the best foods (things from the fresh grill, peking duck, oysters, razor clams and broth) and things you won't normally eat (frog legs, umm... shit I can't think of anything else because I normally eat everything). This will spare you from my fate. Where you're so full that that you feel like your finger nails are growing because your body is trying to make more room for all the stuff you ate, where even your eyelids feel fat, where you don't want to make eye contact with the waiters who look like J-pop stars when they are clearing out your VIII dish from the table, where you finally understand how brilliant the Romans were for having a "vomitorium".Ohhhh, my stomach hurts from the mere memory. Someone punch this food baby out of me. Love, Your friendly neighborhood fatty/ Future 700 pound woman
<review# 1642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2008,12/16/2008,122,84,4,6,6>I came here with some friends for just an adventure to see what filipino food tastes like. The only filipino food I've had in the past were lumpia, chicken adobo, and those yummy sponge cakes w/ cheese at Goldilocks. So anyhow, we came and ordered several dishes. To my liking I very much liked all the dishes, to me it's a little bit on the pricier side for the quantity that they provide, but the taste I suppose justifies it (not really hehe) So we came on a night where we were the only customers, and another couple showed up, we must have waited a while for the food to arrive. I was starved so the key issue with me is promptness. Luckily I had friends to keep me occupied for a while, but had waited more than 30mins for food to arrive. Despite the long wait for food the server was friendly and polite and we conversed. I went home happy, although a bit disappointed in having to wait so long for the food to arrive. One thing I would like to be different if things could change is promptness of food and larger portions. I say this because I'm a big guy.***I have some photos that might peek your interests***Recommended Dishes:-Crispy Chicken-Chicken Bar-b-que-Mechado-Beef Tapa (only if it's cooked medium rare, overcooked = rubbery meat)
<review# 1643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2008,12/15/2008,751,680,15,17,17>After a day of turkey, stuffing, sticky rice (if you're Chinese), cranberries, yams,......Where do we eat for lunch? My wife and oldest left the house at 5 AM to hit the Black Friday sales in downtown SF. I opted to sleep in and hang out with the youngest. After shopping at Best Buy, Sports Authority, REI, and Target, we were getting hungry. Daughter wanted ramen, as in Top Ramen. I told her if we go out instead, we might get a treat afterwards. She said OK. Got here at 11:35AM, and we were 1 of 2 occupied tables. Timing was good, because 10 minutes later, more people filed in, and soon all tables were filled. I haven't been here in a while, but instead of the 2 women waitstaff, there are now 2 guys. Also instead of cold ice tea for the adults, they had hot tea in a thick tumbler. I wasn't in the mood for the cold tea, so the hot tea was welcomed. We placed our order, and it quickly arrived within 5 minutes. My daughter had the soy ramen without the green onions. She didn't want the pork or the nori, so I gladly ate it for her. I can tell she like the ramen because she ate almost the whole bowl. I ate the few remaining strands of noodles. Cooked pretty well, a bit chewy, but right texture. The broth did have some of the "fattie floaties" noted by Diane P., but overall taste was OK, albeit a bit on the salty side. I had a mabo tofu pork combo. This is normally an appetizer, but I had a combo meal which included soup and salad (see photo). Soup was nice and hot. It was a clear broth with onions and scallions. Then came the salad, mabo tofu, and a bowl of rice. I like their salad with the chili oil dressing. Salad had lettuce, thinly-sliced red onions, cucumbers, and carrots. Salad dressing was a nice spicy contrast to the fresh salad. Mabo tofu came in a fairly large sized bowl. (Heard it cooking it the kitchen, and I knew when it was ready). Generous amount of tofu, and enough pork to give the gravy a nice consistency. It wasn't spicy for me, but it had a rich deep taste. Only wish I had more rice to soak up the rest of the mabo tofu.  After a while, when it cools, the sauce starts to gel up.Rather than dealing with the long wait at Santa, my family and I find ourselves frequenting this place more often. Ramen may not be as same as Santa, but their's is still good and satisfying. What's more they larger menu selection than Santa, for those times I don't feel like having ramen. Nice music and atmosphere makes this a nice place to enjoy a meal.
<review# 1644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2008,12/14/2008,131,459,4,6,4>Mr. Fong's just reopened as "Diamond Harbor Seafood Restaurant" and being a whore for dim sum I went to go check things out on the 9th.  I'm glad I went, 'cause overall I was very impressed:The new interior is clean and sexified (well, as sexified as a dim sum place with loud, chattering Chinese families can be), and the food was executed very well.  There are a lot of dishes at dim sum restaurants that I usually won't touch because most establishments don't prepare them well, but here they were executed so well that I ordered way more than I usually do.  Thankfully the dishes here were nowhere near as greasy, heavy, or salt-laden as your average, run-of-the-mill dim sum, so it all went down my gullet quite easily.Just to warn you, I spent about twice as much for dim sum here than I do at places in SF or down in the South Bay.  To me it was worth it, though: Every dumpling was generously filled; all the veggies were cooked in a way that retained their vibrancy; the rice noodles were light and toothsome, not pasty/thick/greasy; the shrimp were bigger and more succulent than at most dim sum places; and even the fried items tasted light and fresh.Our highlights/favorites included:  Steamed shrimp dumpling (har gow), steamed chive/shrimp dumpling, shrimp rice rolls (one of those things I almost never order), clams in black bean sauce.After tip our bill was $26 per person.  Basically you're paying for the fresher/cleaner food, the white tablecloth service, and the view of one of Foster City's artificial water features.  Diamond Harbor is pricier than ABC on Hillsdale, but my initial impression is that you're getting what you pay for.Four stars overall, though I'd raise it to five if the prices were a bit more reasonable.  If you're just looking for dim sum to go, head over to the restaurant's dingy little takeout shop next door.
<review# 1645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2008,12/13/2008,147,84,8,15,10>I got my ass so whooped these days that I haven't had a chance to eat. Last night RF took me to Wakuriya to help me relax and I had a good experience there.  Upon sitting down, we were served with tiny chilled glass of plum wine on the rocks to wake up our palate.  Our exquisite Wakuriya kaiseki dinners were combination of elegance appearance, delectable taste and vibrant colors. Wakuriya changes its menu once a month and we had the November Kagetsu menu with 9 dishes in total. RF had the Wakuriya Course that came with all dishes and I had a six course dinner.  The Sakizuke (Starter) was the sea urchin and salmon roe over steamed sushi rice served with avocado, egg and wasabi sauce in cypress wooden box.  The dish came in a nice delicate light color wood box and warm uni was nicely stacked on top of warm rice with avocado on the side.  I had never tasted warm uni before and it turned out to be pretty good.Zensai (Appetizers) is assorted appetizers.  A large plate separated into quadrant and appetizers in each quadrant.  The appeptizers were carrot and mentaiko (spicy cod roe) salad, kampachi (amber jack) carpaccio, simmered Petaluma chicken, and kabura turnip and abura-age (bean curd).  Each were flavorful and delicate.  On mono (Hot dish) was steamed flounder covered with yamato-imo potato dashi sauce tofu, tomyo (bean sprouts), Fresno shimeji mushroom, ginnan (ginkgo nut) Tsukuri.  The flounder was tender and the yamato-imo potato was light and fluffy.Tsukuri (Sashimi) was assorted sashimi chosen by the chef.  We had snapper, ebi and toro which were all fresh and tender.The Agemono (Deep fried dish) was a deep fried Japanese yam and shrimp tempra soaked in kasujiru (sake lee soup).  The soup was not hot but amazingly thick and flavorful.RF had the Hashiyasume (Granite) which I did not have.  It was mikan citrus and imo shochu (sweet potato soju) sorbet.  It came in a tiny martini glass and was tangy to taste.  I think it's for cleaning the palate.  Another dish that I did not have was the Yakimono (Broiled dish).  It was grilled beef with karashi shoyu (Japanese mustard and soy sauce) served with Fresno eryngii mushroom and horenso (spinach) oshitashi.  I thought this dish was ok to me.  It was much like other medium rare cut beef with soy sauce.Our last savory dish was Gohanmono (Rice dish).  RF had the oyako don (boiled Petaluma chicken in dashi sauce with egg over rice) and tsukemono.  Since I had tasted oyako don in many Japanese restaurant before, I decided to be adventurous and had the tai chazuke (tai snapper with sesame sauce over rice in dashi broth) and tsukemono (pickled vegetables).  I cannot vouch for RF but I like my brothy rice with snapper a lot.Our last dish was the Homemade Dessert which was sake crème brûlée flavored with the use of Dewazakura ginjo sake "Oka" compote de persimmon and apple.  Crème brûlée is not my thing so I will not comment much.We also had the sake there.  The sake was served in small delicate glass which was 0.04 thick.  It was meant to let the color of sake through the glass without deflection which added more enjoyable experience in the sake tasting.  We had 5oz of Dewazakura, Oka (Yamagata) Ginjo which was fruity and light.  I thought it had a little green apple fragrance.  We then had a 5oz of Masumi Okuden-Kantsukuri Junmai which it was light, sweet and less fruity.  The server was really nice and gave us complimentary Dewazakura, Omachi (Yamagata) because she forgot our order of Masumi Okuden-Kantsukuri.  The Dewazakura, Omachi was less sweet and really smooth.Since we were celebrating my birthday, the restaurant presented me with a card with "Happy Birthday, M--san" printed.  Along with the card was a stick of small green tea flavored cotton candy.  I love the green tea flavored cotton candy and I wish more places serve it.I had a wonderful experience there and would like to go back to try a different menu at different time.  I have to say, the price is not trivial but well worth it.
<review# 1646,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/18/2008,12/12/2008,122,40,5,9,7>I heart meat.I heart all-you-can-eat.I heart me some churrascaria! Not the cinnamon covered dessert thingie mind you...but the sit down and feast on meat brought directly to you like dim sum carts variety. Imagine my excitement when I hear the news that Espetus is opening up in San Mateo, walking distance even!They really should have picked one of the avenues for their location though. It's really off the beaten path across from the old Santa Ramen on B street. It's gonna suffer from little to no foot traffic so they need to get the word out. The owners did a good job making this a fancy and elegant version of the SF location. Good ambiance, decor, set-up, modern lighting, and...wagon wheels!? The meat was just okay. The first churrascaria I went to was Texas de Brazil in Houston. I remember eating juicy succulent meat until I almost passed out and then just when I thought I was done...they bring out lobster tail. All for $30! I hate to base a review on money but this was a rip-off. I recently dined in the SF location and for two people, don't recall feeling the price did not reflect the value. But we had dinner for 2 and a pitcher of Sangria and the total came out to $175 with tax and gratuity! Ouch. Did they raise the prices? I'm not one to worry about how much something is but ugh, just didn't feel like I got my money's worth. So if you want a good meat-filled dinner, I suggest going to a House of Prime Rib or Ruth's-Chris even. You choose your cut, just the way you like it. No BS pineapple or chicken hearts to distract you.
<review# 1647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2008,12/11/2008,38,647,10,12,12>I tried to avoid this moment. Well, I told myself I wouldn't go to Sprinkles until after my best friend's wedding because I want to look good in the bridesmaid gown. I don't think eating cupcakes on the regular would aid in that goal. But all it took was for Kim D. to utter "Sprinkles" and I was there. Actually, we were there with about 6 other people in front of us...and another 15 behind us. I wanted to go for a dozen, but we ended up with 4 (2 red velvets, 1 strawberry and 1 black & white). I couldn't finish my rv and strawberry ones. Not because they weren't delicious, but because we had just eaten a hearty lunch and should have waited a bit. I thought the strawberry was much better than the rv (I prefer SBF for that). I liked how the frosting was all strawberry, and the cake was all cake. And the pink ribbon on it made it fun to eat (but don't eat the ribbon, says Kim). So, I tasted both and am saving the rest for a late night snack. Yum! Not sure I would wait behind 10+ people to get some, though.
<review# 1648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2008,12/9/2008,318,202,9,14,14>Sprout, where have you been the last couple years?! I've been waiting for a place like this.  Yes, Pluto's is good. But it's nice to have a healthy alternative other than Pluto's.  Just think of a Sprout as a "blinged out " Pluto's but for a "knock-off" price. :)The salads here are fresh, tasty and quite unique. The Tofu salad I had was great - the soy vinagrette complimented the greens, edamame and the crusted tofu perfectly.  The salad was $8-$9 and was accompanied by a really good piece of foccacia bread.  My friend had the fruity salad and wasn't too impressed, but said he the shrimp sandwich a couple of days ago and really liked it.  We also sampled the shimp spring rolls and Butternut Squash. Both were forgettable and not worth ordering again. But who comes here for the sides - come here for the salad! In terms of atmosphere, it's open and airy. Almost reminds me of New York on a nice day. The prices aren't too bad - especially for Palo Alto. I will definitely be a regular here and will be brining my hubby here for dinner!Sprout, thank you for giving me another place in Palo Alto to visit regularly!
<review# 1649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2008,12/8/2008,658,593,27,35,26>Far from SF but well worth the drive when I'm craving a sandwich.. They make some bomb ass sandwiches! I tried the Sleeper and that is probably the best sandwich to choose from.. It really makes you sleep so make sure you're eating at home on your bed or have time to sleep in your car!! Sleeper (heat it up) has ham, turkey, bacon, cheese, jalapeno sauce, garlic mayo, and other veggies on a dutch crunch roll. They don't skimp on their meats and veggies.. fresh veggies I must say...  I love the jalapeno sauce and garlic mayo. The jalapeno gives the sandwich the "special" taste that it has..Dutch crunch bread is the * of this meal... It has a great CRUNCH and a great taste.. Did I mention that it is HUGE!! It's probably one of the best sandwiches I've had...
<review# 1650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2008,12/7/2008,523,353,7,14,14>4.5 rounded up to a 5 star rating.Small, Japanese owned and operated sushi restaurant less than a mile from my bf's house! WOO HOO!I think going to this place it can be summed up into three things:1) I have sushi about at least once a week, but this is the first time I've had really great sushi in a LONG TIME, I can't really remember when or where I last had really really good sushi/sashimi2) your bill will scare you a little, so don't go totally berserk.3) there's a little biscuit house across the street, that might tempt you away from this place (its 3 stars on yelp by the way), but you should resist!I admit it, I'm a cheap date. I kind of like it that way, only because I like finding good food for good value. So I started desperately scanning the menu for something reasonably priced, which would let me taste what this restaurant had to offer without paying $55 for their omakase. So I had the chirashi bowl ($20), kinda steep since most places have their chirashi bowls for like $14-$15, but it has a nice assortment of fish, which would be a nice feeler type of dish to see if I want to come back here or not.The first thing that went into my mouth was the salmon nigiri. WOW. It was soft, not mushy, not fishy, slightly salty, perfectly sliced and it tasted as salmon should always taste. The tuna is near amazing. Everything in my chirashi bowl was superb, amazing taste, texture, and color. It even had friggin mackerel, which is naturally pretty fishy, but I love mackerel. My mouth is starting to water.... for people who know me and have eaten with me many times, I NEVER finish my rice, but freaking a, I EVEN FINISHED THE RICE in my chirashi bowl. I don't think I was hungrier than usual... so it has to be that the sushi rice was stinking perfection for me to eat all that friggin rice. My bf was actually pretty surprised that I ate a lot of my rice so he started to grab some bites of it, and confirmed that the rice was extra tasty for some reason. Maybe we were just wrapped up in our own little world, but I can't believe I'm saying that the rice was stinkin good!!!My bf decided to splurge since we were sent to some kind of state of really good sashimi heaven and decided to order some toro ($15 for nigiri). The toro was SUPER fatty, really really soft, brinking on being gelatinous. The fish was literally melting in my mouth kind of soft. It worth maybe getting once just for the experience, but I don't think I'll be a repeat toro eater here. I think I've had SLIGHTLY better toro somewhere else. Next time I am determined to try the black sesame creme brulee. I don't know when that next time will be, but hopefully I will come back here on a semi special occasion since it's kind of on the expensive side.
<review# 1651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,11/29/2012,97,131,4,3,5>In terms of sheer comfort, it's nothing close to the whizbang theaters of today - the layout is extremely old-school (stadium what?), seats are creaky with springs that jab into your nether regions, and the ambiance is reminiscent of those cheesy funhouses at your local fair.  BUT.... the Aquarius theater is one of the few places nearby that shows the great indie movies short of SF itself.  That alone almost pushes it to 5 stars.  Also, gotta love the snarky commentary they put up on their outside display, making fun of the movie titles.   I always get a kick out of them when I drive by.
<review# 1652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2012,11/28/2012,69,247,1,5,4>A very casual place to just grab a beer, and chat with friends.The food and drinks... a pretty good beer selection and some good food to pair with it!  They have a pretty good bratwurst; however, the sauerkraut could be better.  Actually got to chat with the owner a bit and it's something he's already aware of and is looking to fix.  My buddy had a burger which he thought was pretty good as well, with a European touch to the bread.The venue... child friendly during the day and a great hang out in the evening.  I've never been here in daylight, but my co-worker brings his kid there on the weekends for lunch.  In the evening, they have a great patio area to just relax and drink (with some propane heat lamps when its cold).  They also have a small selection of board games inside if you're up for that.Overall... a great place to hang out in downtown Mountain View.
<review# 1653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2012,11/27/2012,94,189,1,8,6>Sometimes I'm generous with 4 and 5 star reviews, but this is literally one of the nicest coffee/breakfast places I've ever been to.First off, you arrive and it looks like a garden nursery on the outside and a farmhouse on the inside. I'd want my house to look like this! (if I could afford something more than a cardboard box in the Bay Area)I ordered an iced mocha and oatmeal to have some energy for a bike ride later in the day. The oatmeal was substantial and had great toppings like dried blueberries for just $0.25 extra! I saw some scones on display that were literally as big as my head and looked just as good. My mocha was very good too.The place isn't open often, but that makes the appeal that much more.
<review# 1654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2012,11/26/2012,275,494,6,9,7>Tootsie's has been a resident of my bookmark page on Yelp for the past couple years. It's very ironic that it took me so long to finally visit Tootsie's (what was I thinking, should have done it sooner!).The place is small and not as easily spotted as its giant-neighbor, California Cafe. But if you're in the Stanford Barn, just look for California Cafe and look for a smaller building (structure) right next to California Cafe. There are seatings outside and few seatings inside the restaurant.The first visit was during lunch hour and boy, I was salivating over all the sandwich selections that they displayed on the counter. They all looked appealing, gorgeous and I was having a hard time not to order all of them hahahaha!I got the zeppoles (they only had 3 left at the time, 75 cents each), the yelp'famous donut holes/beignets. They were DELICIOUS! I tasted the richness of the sugar, butter, flour, eggs mixture... it was soft and fluffy, scrumptious! I thought it was the best donut-hole that I've ever had! The price is a tad pricey but worth it! On the second visit, I got 10 pieces and shared with my coworkers, they all loved it!I also had the tigelle, which is an english muffin like small cheese and ham sandwich. I opted to have it with salad. The salad was just a blend of fresh arugula greens with balsamic vinegarette dressing. The sandwich was good but not crazy good, I would probably try their other sandwiches the next time I'm there. O, I must mention that the portion is small...Palo Alto portion, I guess :).I went back for breakfast and ordered the ricotta pancakes that came lightly dressed with syrup and fresh strawberries. The price was very reasonable, in my opinion, $6.95 for 3 good sizes of fluffy pancakes. I like that they did not drench the pancakes with too much syrup. I usually don't pour a lot of syrup so the amount of sweetness was perfect for me, not too sweet..but for those who love sweets, you probably would want more syrup haha :). I'm not sure if I could taste a difference between IHOP and tootsie;s pancakes. Don't get me wrong, they were good, but I didn't taste anything special...but for the price it was a good deal.I also ordered the Bombolini to go. the size was pretty large (about 3-3.5 inches in diameter) but I was a bit disappointed with the flavor. The dough was good but not as good as teh zeppole as it wasn't as buttery and rich. The filling was not lemony at all, it tasted just sweet like custard with a hint of some kind ginger/honey flavor. I will not order this again.I look forward to trying the other breakfast items and their lunch sandwiches. It's a great little cafe with friendly owner.
<review# 1655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2012,11/25/2012,108,276,3,3,2>You know how restaurants have lunch specials that only apply to M-F?  How's a brother supposed to eat  on a budget on the weekend?  Fortunately Sushi Kuu has a true daily special that applies to the weekend.  Not only are the prices low, but portions are pretty large.  I personally like the tonkatsu with sashimi and tempura.  My only knock is that when you get take out, they're really slow on getting your order together.  Also the tonkatsu comes with mustard instead of the sweet traditional tonkatsu sauce.  really nitpicking there because value wise, it can't be beat.
<review# 1656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2012,11/24/2012,263,388,3,8,6>The Weekend Special (truffle pecorino melt w/creamy wild mushroom soup) - YUM! The creamy wild mushroom and tomato basil soups are delicious. Not too rich or creamy - juuust riiight. My favorite: the Mission Melt (Jalapeno Pepper Jack)! And you really can't go wrong with the Classic (Aged Sharp Cheddar). Such wonderful comfort food without feeling too "heavy" afterwards. Not greasy or messy. Just wholesome yumminess.  *you can add bacon and/or tomato to any melt for FREE!10/13/2012: Open, clean, friendly neighborhood vibe. We've only sampled one breakfast menu item so far and it was perfect - Egg in a hole with bacon. They had fresh orange juice. Today, they offered complimentary breakfast items for a few hours only. Tomorrow is the official opening and all proceeds will benefit the Burlingame Community Education Foundation. Prices appear to be very reasonable. We can't wait to try "The Weekly Special" combo!
<review# 1657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2012,11/23/2012,636,81,3,5,5>This is a great place if you're into different beers. Super great, fun spot with amazing new selections of beers all the time. The food selection is pretty limited and they stop serving food at 8 PM, but still fun / yummy! Friends love that they have 1 liter mugs for $10!!! How awesome is that!? Get ready to speak loudly and get cozy with your neighbor here. It's crowded on the weekends but has a great vibe!
<review# 1658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,11/22/2012,24,55,,6,3>What a hidden gem!Never would have really known about this restaurant high above the valley had it not been for a Bloomspot deal we purchased.Making reservations was easy, e-mailed the restaurant and called to confirm.  We requested a table at the window and this was accommodated.  The tables are fairly close together, although the dining area has multiple sections.  This didn't bother us, but don't expect an intimate private dinner.We chose a perfect reservation time, 7:30pm.  This allowed us to enjoy the view of the valley in daylight and as we were enjoying dessert saw the twinkling of lights in the dark.We had a 3 course meal as part of the deal.  We chose simple starters (salad and french onion soup....but there were more elaborate dishes available).  Our entrees were great (peppercorn steak flambeed tableside in the dining room and veal picatta).  Souffle is the only dessert option, we enjoyed the grand marnier souffle and boy was the marnier sauce strong but yummy!I appreciate that they have a wide selection of half bottles of wine on the wine list, as well as a basic but all you need selection of wine by the glass.Would return for a special dinner just to enjoy the old charm and views!
<review# 1659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,11/21/2012,228,336,2,3,3>A new place for lunch!  Yay!  This place is great, I love the build your own bowl of noodley goodness thing.  They have pretty large selection of meats and veggies  (next time I might even throw some pineapple in), a helpful suggestion sheet for saucing your creation and a nice selection of chili oil and pepper sauces to bring it all home.  After you're done with your mealtime masterpiece you hand it over to the cook and he has it piping hot and ready to eat in a flash.  One word of warning, there is only one guy doing the cooking, so you might need to allow a couple extra minutes during peak hours.Careful not to over-noodle yourself like I did!  It's easy to do because they are first, but  save some room for all the other things you know you are going to want to put in your bowl.  I'll be back soon for another try.
<review# 1660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,11/20/2012,152,386,7,8,5>Town - I waited so long, wary of the hype.  But now I understand why you're so popular!  My husband and I came here at 6:15pm on a Friday night with high hopes for getting a table for two.  Without reservations, we were quoted a 45-60min wait.  The inside tables were filled with reservations, and that wait would be until about 7:30pm.  Otherwise, we could wait for either a seat at the chef's table or a table outside.  Luckily for us, they had two open chairs at the bar where we grabbed some pre-dinner drinks... and an outside table was ready within 30 minutes.  It's not the biggest restaurant, but it has a great ambiance with tables set around the perimeter of the centerpiece bar.  The chef's counter along the back wall also looked like a fun place to watch them prep your dinner - as long as you don't mind sitting next to instead of across from your dining partner(s).  The outdoor tables on the sidewalk are great for table watching, and the heat lamps were fantastic, actually kept me warm!Service was 5 stars, friendly and spot-on.  The menu has a wide range of standard American fare with some random ethnic touches thrown in (like a shaking beef or ahi tuna roll appetizer and jambalaya and latin style corn sides).  The food portions are LARGE, so bring your appetite or be prepared for leftovers!  We decided to split the WARM NAPA CABBAGE SALAD ($7.50) - definitely one of the best warm cabbage salads I've had.  Tasty fresh cooked cabbage, topped with bleu cheese, bacon, mushrooms, and a rich warm vinaigrette.  Wasn't the prettiest presentation (since everything was mixed together into a creamy green pile) - but sure was delicious!I opted for the BABY BACK RIBS ($25) - I was so sad I had the cabbage salad, because I didn't have enough room to finish the amazing ribs!  Perfect tender, fall-off-the-bone meat... topped with a subtle BBQ sauce.  I would've preferred a bit more sauce slathered on, but the smokiness was otherwise just right.  A side of MAC N' CHEESE was perfect - a crispy bread crumb crust topped over creamy stringy cheesy mac, yum!  The housemade fries were the only let-down of the meal, droopy and without much flavor.  My husband's 16oz TOWN CUT PRIME RIB ($38) was only 3 stars.  (He's a prime rib snob)  A fully loaded baked potato (extra $2) is truly fully loaded tableside.  With their generous portions of quality food at fair prices (each entree comes with your choice 2 heaping sides!), I'm an instant fan of Town.  Lessons learned -Make a reservation! And bring your appetite - or forgo the appetizer.
<review# 1661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,3/23/2013,1533,1062,19,19,18>We've been in love with Little Star for years ever since the first to go order of a small Brass Monkey.  When I heard about Little Star's little sister, Blue Line in Burlingame, I got so excited and knew we were going to get a small Brass Monkey (Blue Line w/sausage here) to go that night.  I yearned for the perfect corn meal crust, fresh spinach, delicious cheeses, juicy sausage & chunky ripe tomatoes.  We called in the order around 5:30 on a Sunday night and was quoted about 35 minutes.  We got to the restaurant after 6 and made our way through the crowds.  There was a bothered guy waiting for his pizza at the to go pick up part of the bar.  The employee said the kitchen was backed up could not give an estimate of when the to go orders would be ready.  I know that the restaurant is still new, but this is a bad sign if they can't give an  estimate.  Luckily, I only had to wait about 5-7 minutes after arriving for my pizza to come out of the kitchen.  And off we were to go and eat it.  Just as yummy as Little Star's.  Though I'd have to give a 4 due to the kinks and because, honestly, I think there's just something about calling it in to the Divisadero location, having him double park, running in to get it and resting the box on my lap on the car ride back to his fam's place that makes it tastier.  Call me crazy, but it's true!  Plus Little Star is the original after all.
<review# 1662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,3/22/2013,107,216,1,3,3>Nice self service Golf restaurant. I like it because they propose different menus each day and they are not pretending to be a  fancy place or something. It is rather casual; they have a nice bar, a friendly (and hard working) staff. You can eat outside facing a fake little lake and the golf course. They have good burgers and the chinese chicken salad is my favorite one. The one thing I don't enjoy there are the deserts :) They are not too tasty, except the muffins (poppy seeds and walnut Banana... I guess they are from Costco, but they're good!)Their paninis are usually tasty. I had some not too good surprises with some menus (like pasta strogonoff)... I mean it was "OK".Anyways, I usually enjoy going there.
<review# 1663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,3/21/2013,149,493,5,6,8>Good concept. Take the Chipotle burrito model, switch out the burrito skin for a rice wrap, customize the ingredients with some asianfied fillings, wrap and serve.My rice wrap was good for what it was. I had the short rib inside, which was pretty good, however, side by side, I still like the breadiness of a tortilla vs. the sticky, chewiness of the rice wrap.Try the pork buns. Simple little buns with some fatty pork.
<review# 1664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,3/20/2013,228,190,3,10,8>I really like Terrone. They're brand new, so they're working out some kinks. The difference is that they seem to really care about making things right. Let me proceed...I saw on my Yelp feed that there was a new "authentic" pizza place opening up on California Ave. I was like "another one?" since Vesta in Redwood City and Campo in downtown PA opened up. Those two are just ok, so I wasn't holding my breath to be wowed by Terrone. When we walked in on a Monday night, we were warmly greeted by the hostess and host. I looked around - dark grey walls with white molding and nice hanging light fixtures. It was a little dim, to set the mood I suppose, with pop/R&B music playing. The atmosphere was warm and romantic. We probably wouldn't bring our son here, but there were kids around. My bf and I aren't small people, and we were seated at a 2 person table against the wall behind the host's counter. We fit fine.They brought out a glass bottle of water for the table. My bf asked for a diet coke - and they said they were out. Now, my bf loves a diet coke with pizza so he decided to go across the street to Subway and get a bottle then come back. When he got back, an Italian gentleman (owner, manager?) apologized and said they could have gone out to get him a diet coke. This was a nice gesture even though we would never ask them to do that.Looking at the menu, the prices are on par with Vesta and Campo - $12-$17 pizzas, $13-$17 pastas and $20+ meat entrees. Since I'm an East Bay girl at heart, the prices are higher than what I like to pay. Now that I'm a Silicon Valley transplant, I have to remember that these are are normal prices. We ordered a Margherita pizza (San Marzano tomato, fior di latte mozzarella, basil, olive oil) and the Cavatelli pasta (homemade pasta, beef stew, carrots, parmigiano, herbs, tomato) to share. When the food came out, the pasta portion was pretty small for $17. Again, I had to tell myself, "this is Palo Alto, this is normal." Luckily the pasta was very fresh and the sauce was meaty with a very rich flavor. We started eating the pizza, but it had a scorched flavor. I've never been to Naples so I can't say I'm know what it's supposed to taste like. We looked at the bottom of the crust - black! I don't like to complain too much, so we continued to eat it thinking that maybe this is how it's supposed to be. Then the waiter came and checked on us. We had to be honest about the crust. He showed it to the Italian guy from earlier, and he went and got the chef. They apologized profusely and said they'd get another one in the oven right away. They explained that they're training new cooks, and they want to make it right. A few minutes later, a new pizza with a nicely browned but not burnt crust came. It was very delicious and the ingredients tasted very fresh.The chef came out again to apologize and offered us dessert on the house. We ordered the Tortino al Cioccolato (warm chocolate cake with vanilla gelato - they were out of vanilla so we got chocolate gelato) and the Tiramisu. The Tiramisu wasn't the solid square dessert I was expecting. It looked like mousse in a glass. The flavor was very creamy but mild - not a lot of espresso flavor. The Tortino on the other hand was amazing! The warm chocolate cake was soft and not too sweet. You'd think the chocolate gelato and chocolate sauce would be overkill but it was all perfect. I would come here just for the Tortino!So there were some snafus during our dinner but in the end, the food was delicious and the service and atmosphere was very pleasant. What sets this place apart from the other new Italian places is that the staff is actually Italian and will speak to you in Italian. It makes you feel like you're traveling there for the evening. I will definitely go back.
<review# 1665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,3/19/2013,69,247,4,6,5>Great place, but watch out 'cause you'll probably over eat!The food... was pretty amazing.  We went with a group of five, and ate family style (even for the dishes not meant to be eaten that way).  The most noteworthy dishes are...     - Oyakdon (egg and chicken over rice)     - Pork Cheek Skewers (super tender cut of meat)     - Monk Fish Liver     - Black Sesame Panna CottaWe had several other dishes that were very good as well, but I think are more in the "okay" range; e.g. Kobe Beef Skewers with Apple Sauce, Chicken Thigh Skewers, Chicken Skin Skewers, and the Salmon Spring Rolls.The venue... a great little venue, though Los Altos does shut down pretty early.  Parking was easy, and getting a reservation was just as easy.  Additionally, the staff was very helpful and attentive.Overall... a great place to eat, and I need to go back to try the chicken karage.
<review# 1666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,3/18/2013,263,206,5,9,5>Calling all ginger lovers (not the cute redheads with adorable freckles)! Ocha has a ginger milk tea on the menu that is out of this world. It is SUPER spicy and quite delicious. Definitely get there ASAP and order a hot one for these cold winter nights. Warning: it could just be me, but this stuff burns like a shot of cheap whiskey down your throat.I really hope this is not a seasonal item.
<review# 1667,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/21/2013,3/17/2013,905,867,6,16,10>**Update**Came with a slightly larger group and the experience was quite different.  Items were unavailable from the dim sum menu and the service was quite inexperienced/sporadic.  The soup noodles tend to be average (spicy seafood noodle and rice cake with duck) and the dim sum isn't to Taipan standards.  If they want this place to succeed, they need to put more into it.  Improve the dishes, work on service, and develop consistency.  Sad as my first visit was so nice.==============Really love the concept and think it's perfect for Palo Alto.  - Open-air kitchen- Sleek, modern design and high ceilings  - Indoor and outdoor patio seating- Dim sum and Hong Kong cuisine available most of the day (11-930 pm)Steam is a spin-off from Taipan and, as a fan of Taipan, (very good dim sum albeit a bit pricey) I was interested in seeing how their next venture would be.While early reviews pointed to some service issues and a menu too similar to Taipan, they seem to have made some adjustments in the first weeks.  Service was excellent with waiters asking how items were, explaining and suggesting dishes, and checking on me frequently.  It literally was among the better service I've received at a Chinese restaurant so I applaud their effort from the wait staff to the busboys.    The menu had a small section of dim-sum, but the more interesting fare are the Hong Kong cuisine, something that I thought was always overshadowed at Taipan.  Comfort foods like noodle soup and rice dishes are new and the more casual atmosphere fits with the more reasonable prices.  I ordered a sampling:Braised Beef Noodle Soup - the broth was very good and the braised beef was very tender.  Nice cuts of bok choy.  The noodles were prepared well but too similar to instant ramen noodle.  Would prefer a more fresh-pulled noodle to distinguish themselves. ($8)Shanghai dumpling - forgettable, but I had to order.  The xiao long bao skins were too thick and there wasn't no soup at all.  Very affordable though like all their dim sum.  Taipan's shanghai dumplings were better but no all-star either and pricier. ($3)Bean Curd Shrimp Roll - a common dim sum dish but served very nicely and in a different, more elegant presentation.  Very tasty. Overall, I left Steam happy.  We so infrequently see new Chinese establishments in the area that I'm giving an extra star as kudos to Taipan for branching out.  I'll happily come back and look forward to trying some of the other dishes like sticky jasmine fried rice and beef or the tiger prawns in special sauce.  Steam has potential and it could be a more upscale Cooking Papa for Palo Alto with the right improvements.  3.5 Stars with 0.5 Stars for great service on my visit and potential.  Steam accepts credit cards, including American Express.
<review# 1668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,3/16/2013,67,19,3,8,12>I had this place bookmarked forever but would always forget about it because it's so inconspicuous from the street. That was a mistake! Great food, service, deals, and decor.We came for happy hour (ends at 6:30 I think) for half off sake and 15% off everything else. Two of us left warm, full, and happy for under $40. Our waitress didn't harass or bother us until we initiated conversation about living nearby, at which point she asked our names and introduced herself, welcoming us back, and sharing how the fish is purchased and prepared daily, unlike many nearby places. One of my pet peeves is when servers announce themselves by name, like they're the star and you're ever going to remember or use their name. The reservedness this waitress exhibited was characteristic of the service all night. I love the lounge vibe of the interior. Nice date material for before a movie. The sushi bar is more upscale and comfortable, and every table seems like a nice place to sit. The food is better than average with great creativity, but not as good as sushi sam's. I loved the pork cheeks wrapped around whole lychee (!) and the miso eggplant was swamped with delicious bonito flakes, writhing in dish's heat. This is our new early-dinner go-to for tasty, fun skewers and other flavor bombs at a steal.
<review# 1669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2012,3/15/2013,56,95,4,5,4>I liked it!!! It's the Indian-version of Chipotle. You can either get a roti-burrito (more tortilla than roti, if you ask me) or a bowl. Choose your rice, choose your meat (lamb, chicken, or some veggie mix), choose your curry, choose your salsa, and choose your assortment of veggies (lettuce, tomatoes, cucumber, etc). It was surprisingly pleasant and hearty. It's not "authentic" Indian food, but it's a damn good way to introduce someone to the idea of Indian food (aka curry-in-your-food 101 for sheltered non-Yelpers around the world).I will definitely be back for a quick bite with the fam!
<review# 1670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,3/13/2013,711,1139,22,31,28>Last year while in a London pub I discovered cask conditioned ales. Wow! Fresher, livelier, and more flavorful than any other beer I've tasted. Bucket list worthy if you're a beer fan. Located in a residential strip mall (Marsh Manor) of Redwood City, Freewheel is the only brewery I've found in the Bay Area to have this hand pumped nectar. Came with 4 friends for a Thursday happy hour where it was crowded with 40-50 somethings dressed in work gear. I even spotted some toddlers?! We were the only minorities but we all had our work clothes on so we didn't stick out too much. Kinda uppity. Kinda loud. Could be a promising for those looking for a sugar daddy.  Pints are ($7) half pints ($4).  We all went with the sample flight of beers (around $12-14) and a bunch of bar bites. (yelp.com/biz_photos/free)Freewheel Big V Amber Ale Green Jack Hybrid Bitter * Favorite of the nightIronbridge Wenlock Stout Irondbridge Hybrid IPAIrondbridge Gold * Favorite of the nightThe beer was VERY GOOD! Almost as good as the ones in the UK but they were just missing something?! (yelp.com/biz_photos/free)The fries ($4), freshly fried potato chips ($4), and the sausage cooked in IPA ($7) were all solid. Skip the steak and ale hand pie ($7), tasted more like a hot pocket.. Their chocolate spiked bread pudding ($4) was surprisingly good.  (yelp.com/biz_photos/free)Great place for small bar bites and to converse over some UK style beer. Like my friend Dan B said, 5 stars for being the only cask ale in town but their beer recipe and their kitchen needs some fine tuning. Dwight L., Glenn G. this place is worth a try.
<review# 1671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2011,9/6/2011,275,494,6,4,7>We finally went back for authentic spicy thai food :)I ordered the early bird menu which is a GREAT DEAL!!!! because it comes with salad (just some lettuce and shredded carrots with DELICIOUS peanut dressing), chicken Tom Kha (sour coconut and lemon grass based soup) - could use more tamarind for more sourness and salt!!!, and TWO dishes (it's like a lunch special, they serve rice and two  dishes in one plate). I got the eggplant with prawn and beef panang curry with my early bird special, THAI HOT. It's just the right spiciness for me (I'm an avid spicey food eater :)) BUT NEED SALT!!!! Not sure what's up with the chef that day.. I felt everything was too bland!!Bf ordered the grill curry lamb!!! It's as delicious as we both remembered (we ordered the dish when we first came here) BUT again, need SALT!!We also ordered the HOT Angel Wings...our FAVORITE dish of the night.. lots of flavor... sweet, sour, spicy.. DELICIOUS!!! and the wings are CRISPY!!!! so so so so so good.. it came with 7-8 pieces of wings.. could easily be a main dish!!!We spent about $50 including tax and tips.. not dirt cheap but WE ATE A LOT!!! The fact that the chef forgot to taste his cooking that night, thus, lack of SALT...caused me to DING ONE STAR!!!The early bird special was only $12.95 and you get TWO generous servings of main dish.. pretty good deal!!!..but if you like lamb... no lamb option in the early bird menu :)
<review# 1672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2011,9/5/2011,152,386,9,11,5>Put on your bibs -- this place is Finger Licking Delicious!  So excited that this place has opened!  In concept similar to Crawdaddy's or Boiling Crab in the South Bay... but in the neighborhood, spacious and clean, and no wait!    My husband and I ordered shrimp ($12/lb), one crab ($37), and garlic noodles ($7).  Variety of seafood, including shrimp, crawfish, dungeness crab, alaskan king crab legs, clams, mussels... and entree options if you're not here for -just- seafood.  Lots of side options to complement your meal (can't wait to try their fries next time).For their seafood, you can choose your sauce and your level of spice.  Sauce options of 1) Red Crawfish (aka Original, which our waitress said was a blend of the following two), 2) Garlic Butter, or 3) Lemon Pepper.  My husband thrives on a heat level that makes him sweat, while I whimper with any spice.  So we compromised on the "Medium" level of heat, which was enough for him and still tasty and tolerable to me.  We had:1) A pound of shrimp - with Red Crawfish sauce2) Crab - with Garlic Butter sauce3) Garlic noodlesAfter ordering, we thought we might've gotten too much for two - but it ended up being the perfect amount for us.  The shrimp and crab were fresh and meaty.  The sauces were spicy, zesty, and delicious... and after trying the two, I'd say the garlic butter's my preference.  Will have to try the lemon pepper next time.  Garlic noodles, wow!  Sooooo good... and sooooo bad for your breath!  (Two days later, I'm still breathing garlic breath -- thank goodness the only dates i'm going on are with my husband who ate the same thing!).  I used to dream of PPQ's garlic noodles, but these are now my ultimate favorite.This might be our new favorite go-to spot downtown..... (....salivating......)
<review# 1673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2011,9/4/2011,186,252,8,11,11>5 stars+ without a speck of doubt. Well, I guess I could minus 1/2 star for having to wait one month to get a seat, but hey, yelp doesn't offer 1/2 stars =) But even then I'd have to say that the wait was DEFINITELY worth it.The four of us walked in at our reservation time of 6:30, and there was only one other 4-person party there. I thought this place was booked? But later I noticed that more people came in at 7:30. Now, this 20-person restaurant is full.  So I'm assuming there are two overlapping seating times - 6:30 and 7:30. Anyway on to the food - nothing was left unnoticed. Each and every one of the 9 dishes was skillfully and beautifully plated. Even the place settings were too perfect to move or use. And of course, the taste of each dish matched their beautiful presentations. Dishes were delicately flavored to allow the diner to experience and savor each component that the chef had creatively put together for the month's menu. We came in April, and I distinctly remember him using cherry blossoms in a sorbet for dessert, along with a banana panna cotta. Perfection I tell you, nothing less.   And to tell you the truth, I think $90 is well worth the meal. I wouldn't even mind paying $100. Definitely a must-try. Expect to stay for 1.5+ hours to fully enjoy and savor the experience - this is not a dinner to rush.
<review# 1674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,9/3/2011,905,867,9,17,9>Up to a few years ago, I'm not sure I had ever been to a tailor or a dry cleaner.  It was a combination of going to school, lack of knowledge, and, in general, missing that metrosexual train of a few years back.Flash forward to the present and I guess I'm an adult.  I have the need for a nicely pressed shirt here and there and definitely want a suit that fits well.For the past few years, I've tried all the tailors and cleaners in the area.  While price has a slight variation among all the different places, service and quality are really the stand out factors and that's where Green and Fresh Cleaners shines.After a few of my shirts and jackets had their buttons damaged at another local cleaner, I started to go to Green and Fresh more consistently.  Not only have I never had issue with such damage here, I also noted that as you got to get to know the store owner, she's on amazingly great terms with many regulars.  It's a combination of straight forward answers as well as quality work.  Whenever I bring pants in to hem or have a suit that needs adjustment, she's quick to give her honest opinion without regard to what she will be earning from the work. Case in point: I brought in a few suits that I bought in a summer sale.  She gladly tailored the first one, but was very disappointed in my 2nd suit.  She said the size they sold me was completely off and that the pants were poorly sized.  Rather than fixing that all her self (which I'm sure she could do), she suggested I go back to the suit store and have them exchange it for a more appropriate top and bottom.Sure enough, when I went to the suit store, they exchanged them out and admitted that the new sizes she had suggested were much more appropriate for me.  I then brought the suit back to have Green and Fresh Cleaners alter it and she said that all it needed now was a slight hem of the pants.  In essence she gave me the RIGHT advice, but made LESS because of it.  That's why I told her we would keep coming back and would always recommend this place.She liked that and gave me an ice cream bar as a thank you for the compliment.  :)  As a final note of endorsement, my wife chose this place among all the others to have her wedding dress vacuum sealed and preserved.  If that's not a vote of confidence, I'm not sure what is.Green and Fresh Cleaners accepts credit cards, including American Express.
<review# 1675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,9/2/2011,91,248,1,27,10>Definitely going back to this spot!  Flavors were on point, dishes were appealing, pretty awesome!Went in with a friend on Friday night ~ Ordered garlic noodles, Chicken, Fried rice, as well as a baby corn dish.  All can be ordered with varying amounts of spicy.  I chose the medium as I don't know how hot their idea of hot is!  This is definitely family style eating, and although the portions aren't huge, they're enough to entertain your tastebuds and go for seconds if you like! The owner also came by to see how everything was and seemed to take our opinions down to try to improve his restaurant~ The reason a * was deducted was due to service.  I definitely think with a spot like this that the service needs to be more on point.
<review# 1676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2011,9/1/2011,737,59,2,9,10>A hidden gem tucked above a supermarket, with a hard-to-find (and hard-to-open!) door, as you walk up the obscure, curving steps to nowhere you'd really have no idea whatsoever you were climbing to arguably the Bay Area's finest secret gem of a restaurant.The ambiance is classy - sit by the booth or sit by the curtains to let the sun add dappling accents to your food and date. The service is top-notch: kind, humorous, and attentive without being demanding. If you order a pairing, the bartender (also sommelier) offers each pour and explains the wine. If you didn't like it, new and amazing alternates will show up without comment.The prix fixe is usually pretty much just a combination of courses from the "a la carte", which (a little oddly) is itself just a choice of 3, 4, or 5 courses. It's a lot more fun to just pick your own five course meal (and the sommelier will offer excellent pairings), though there's no amuse bouche if you do. It's reasonably priced for Very Very Good Food. Expect to spend about $80-120/pp with pairings.I've eaten here five times, and I've never once been disappointed with the quality of the dishes themselves. Exquisitely prepared, surprising flavor combinations, delightful textures, fresh ingredients...everything that you love to love about Food Done Awesome is here every time. And the menu changes around frequently enough to keep you coming back for more. Some highlights: foie gras mocha espresso mousse, white corn risotto, duck with sour cherry, and a vanilla malt dessert that will make you melt faster than the ice cream.So take your lover here and fan the flames of romance with a truly astoundingly good little local gem. [hearts]
<review# 1677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2011,8/31/2011,641,501,7,9,10>The shop is not big, but that's what makes it so adorable, and surprisingly, this little shop packs a lot of great pet stuff in.The shop doesn't feel high end, but that's why the prices are great.The shop is a great mom and pop store, and a neighborhood gem.  As a result, the service is always excellent. I love coming here.  The dog loves it when I do too.  They have coupons once in a while in the mailers and this last coupon, even came with a free bag of doggie treats.
<review# 1678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2011,8/30/2011,637,255,11,13,15>I am happy to report that I've discovered yet another great happy hour in the Peninsula. Daily from 4-6pm, Zibibbo offers delicious appetizers for $8 each and a whooping 50% discount on all their yummy specialty cocktails, glasses of wine, AND everything else behind the bar. Yes, EVERYTHING. This makes me happy! So happy that I had to order the Merry Edwards Pinot Noir, usually priced at $18 a glass (I'm not that rich...yet) and now available to me to savor at $9 - which my wallet happily allows. The asparagus soup with roasted morel mushrooms and truffle oil was pretty delicious. Maybe a little lighter on the truffle oil next time. Both the artisanal cheese plate and the assorted charcuterie plate were extremely satisfying and accompanied by crackers, nuts, jelly, olives, etc. Next time I'm going for the iron skillet roasted mushrooms and the moroccan spiced prawns. And maybe some pork pate so my personal trainer has his work cut out for him the next day ;-)Thank you, Zibibbo, for expanding my choices of happy hours in Palo Alto, I'll be back this week!
<review# 1679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2011,8/29/2011,100,285,41,43,43>Last Sunday, I went with several of the youngest, most attractively vibrant and vital theatre aficionados West of the Mississippi to Caffe Riace for a post-theatre dinner discussion.Youth is a relative term.  Given that the age of the average theatre-goer I've met in the past few decades is seventy-five, my whole bunch of theatre Droogies are barely more than Babes in Arms - all but two are under sixty, and there's actually one (moi) who's still in his forties.  Being the youngest guy in the room always puts a spring in my step and a song in my heart, so I was definitely ready for a good dinner, and Caffe Riace did not disappoint.First up, the ambiance is amazing.  Dining on the patio at Caffe Riace, eating fabulous Italian cuisine surrounded by artistic fountains creates an atmosphere that normally can only be experienced dining between buildings in the heart of Florence, Rome, or Orvieto.We were seated at a large round table (to enhance the post-theatre discussion) far enough away from the fountain so that it wouldn't drown out the conversation, but close enough to allow us to enjoy the visuals.  Giuseppe Carrubba, the owner, saw to our group personally, providing recommendations as needed, and ensured that our complete experience was exceptional.  Thank you, Giuseppe!After studying the expansively impressive wine list for a leisurely moment or four, I ordered and tasted a bottle of the 2004 Barbera.  It was very well balanced, slightly tart, with a medium body and tannins a shade lower then medium - a good pairing for some fine Italian cuisine.   Giuseppe poured for the wine drinkers at the table, then (at my request) opened a second bottle to let it breath for a bit.My first course was the Bruschetta; it was excellent.  The tomatoes were fresh, the melted cheese was good and the bread was light (but not too light) and crisp.  The second bottle of Barbera was poured, and after a brief glance at the blissful expressions on the faces of my wine-drinking Droogies, I asked Giuseppe to crack a third bottle.  Our entrées arrived.  I had the Salsiccia Alla Siciliana - Caffe Riace's homemade sausage topped with sautéed roasted bell peppers and garlic.  It was heavenly!  The third bottle of wine was poured just as the discussion turned from our respective vacations to the play ("Fly By Night").  We had one of our best-ever theatre discussions.  Afterwards, I found that I had already written most of my "Fly By Night" Yelp in my head.  Maybe it was the atmosphere, or the food, or both combined with the company - do you think it might also have had something to do with the three bottles of wine we drank, followed by that fabulous '76 Port Giuseppe suggested for dessert?  Naah!! Even if you're the designated driver (and it was a good thing we had more than one) Caffe Riace is a fabulous, five-star dining experience, with exceptional food and impeccable service.  I heartily recommend it, with or without theatre.
<review# 1680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2010,8/28/2011,141,329,10,7,7>I'd heard this place was good, but can you really believe it until you try for yourself?Thankfully I didn't show up around the very busy lunchtime hour, and was instead able to walk right up to the counter and order.  The "Godfather" was the top of the list on their menu and, based on other reviews, was the top on my list as well.  The guy at the counter recommended a sourdough roll, and I bowed to his superior knowledge.Wham, bam, in a quick minute it was assembled.  Talk about fast!  And at around $7.50, not too shabby.  The sandwich had some heft to it as well...a little baby jesus all wrapped up.The verdict?  DELICIOUS!  It tasted Italian, and in a good way.  The sandwich was cut in half, and the sandwich cross-section was a work of art.  Each layer was clearly defined and the beauty of it set my heart a-flutter.  All the flavors mixed wonderfully; the prosciutto and the other meats, the pepperoncinis, the artichoke hearts.  And the sourdough was an excellent choice!Youbettabelieve I'll be back for the Godfather.  It made me an offer I couldn't refuse...on this, the day of my daughters' wedding.
<review# 1681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2010,1/28/2011,634,310,6,7,7>A guiltless sweet tooth!When I think of a frozen treat, I normally refer to McDonald's caramel sundaes. Now when I think of Froyo, I'll go to Sweet Corner in Mountain View. After reading all the good review recommendations, I had to try it myself. I went inside around 5:30pm today and found parking in the back. There were about 14 big parking spaces and a few handicap ones. The dessert shop was just as pictured. There were six flavors as stated. I chose a regular size with half Vanilla and half tart Mango with Mochi. It was nice to see the cashier fill the cup half way, pack it town to get rid of the air, put the mochi on top, and then fill more froyo. The total came to $4.10. After I paid up, I took the cup and left to go back into my car to eat it. When I was walking to the car, the weight of the froyo was pretty heavy. I couldn't wait to get to my car.As soon as I took a spoonful, the texture and consistency was very creamy. Unlike Pinkberry and Honeyberry's icy concoctions, Sweet Corner's offering was completely the opposite. Clearly, the overall taste was heaven sent. The mochi wasn't half bad either. It was chewy and a good combination. After thinking about all the other froyo shops I've visited, Sweet Corner takes the cake. Now that I've found my new go-to place, I'll be going there more often. It's local, affordable, and my new Sweet Corner. Cheers!
<review# 1682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2010,1/27/2011,1533,1062,14,17,18>I'm so glad Piccadilly had a Groupon for their Sunday brunch!  I've been wanting to try their all you can eat southern/soul food brunch for so long, but I thought $25/person was a little steep especially because I can't eat much anymore.  However, thanks to Groupon, I got brunch for 2 for $25.  Our top picks were: the jambalaya, fried chicken, & the bread pudding.  The jambalaya packed a lot of flavor, and had the right amount of spiciness; we loved the smokiness from the sausage.  The fried chicken was so crispy & moist.  The bread pudding was infused with whiskey, it was to die for, though I didn't finish our slice, I kept trying to take more & more nibbles of it even though I was about to burst!  We also liked their creamy mac and cheese as well as their huge chicken apple sausage links.  The ribs were pretty tender too!  Also included in the buffet were veggies (yes, I made myself eat some), corn bread, craw fish, cut up crab legs, crab cakes, yams, collard greens, hot links, oxtail, several kinds of fish, peach cobbler, and assorted pie/cake slices.  Definitely try their punch, it's so refreshing, as well as their yummy mimosa, unfortunately I stuck to only one glass!  FYI: Due to the small size of the restaurant space & the massive amount of Groupons that were purchased, they instilled a one hour time limit for the brunch on Sunday & probably will be for awhile.  Make reservations, I'm glad I did, and right at 11 when they open because they were booked up til 2:30. I can't wait to come back for lunch for more jambalaya & fried chicken!
<review# 1683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2010,1/26/2011,438,269,5,8,6>I've been to a few Brazilian all-you-can-eat places, and Pampas is my favorite!  $44 may seem pricey for their "Rodizio" option, but after you try everything they have to offer, you'll understand why I say that it's a great deal!  I think 10-12 different meat options are presented to the table, and at the end, you can request your favorites to come back.  My finale is always tenderloin filet with parmesean.  Along with the meat, there is a salad bar that is filled with so much quality stuff that it can serve as a meal on its own.  Some of my salad bar favorites include the smoked trout, grilled peaches with queso fresco, and the marinated mushrooms.  In addition to the meat and salad bar, there is also cheese bread, polenta sticks, and fried plantains that are served at the table.  The cheese bread is amazing.  I break it in half and put the meats in it to create unbelievably delicious sandwiches.I can't say enough great things about this place.  The ambiance is great and the staff is so friendly.  Each time I've been here, the meal lasted more than 2 hours, and I've never felt rushed.  I can't wait to go back!
<review# 1684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2010,1/25/2011,109,203,5,8,5>Perfect spot for a cozy brunch on the weekends. We came here for brunch on a Saturday morning since I was looking for places that aren't your typical breakfast dining spots. A quick search on Yelp led me to Tootsie's. Located close to Stanford shopping center and right next to California Cafe, this place was easy to find. It's a quaint little structure with a few tables inside and outside as well, in case it's a nice day. The people were friendly and answered any questions that we had about the menu. We chose:* breakfast panino ($8.75): (yelp.com/biz_photos/3XwV ) sandwich with pancetta+fried egg, potatoes, and a side salad* ricotta pancakes ($9.75): (yelp.com/biz_photos/3XwV) pancakes with sliced bananas and strawberriesThe pancakes were delicious with the fresh fruit. The sandwich bread had a light crunch and the egg was cooked just enough so that the yolk made a nice sauce for the sandwich. I liked how the potatoes had bell peppers and bacon in it. Cute spot for brunch, so come check it out!
<review# 1685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2010,1/24/2011,134,817,3,10,5>The Mexican hot chocolate is excellent: yelp.com/biz_photos/F3G_It's as good as the Oaxacan hot chocolate at Ginger Elizabeth in Sacramento: the spice part is not quite as good as Ginger Elizabeth, but the chocolate itself is far more complex.  They use cayenne and cinnamon. Get it with the Ghana dark chocolate. Ask for it extra hot, otherwise it comes lukewarm.I don't like their truffles: the mouth feel is too waxy.However: they have a deal going: if you check into Foursquare, and show them your "proof of check-in," they will offer you a "buy one, get one free" deal on the truffles.
<review# 1686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2010,1/23/2011,186,252,6,7,5>Sorry Stack's, but Nini's is going to be the go-to breakfast spot for me from now on. This place is so tucked away in a residential area that you wouldn't know about it unless you lived in the area or, like me, read about it on Yelp. And if you are new to the place, they'll welcome you with open arms and heartwarming smiles.Amazingly, our entire party of 10 arrived here right when they opened up at 9am on a Sunday morning (no reservations taken here). Even the waitress later made the comment that we were lucky to get a table that seats us all together since they are typically busy on Sundays. With nine other people at the table, I was able to get a bite of other dishes, along with my veggie omelet: Veggie omelet - huge chunks of veggies, including carrots? Can't recall having carrots in an omelet before, but it was still good. Their potatoes/hash browns weren't a favorite of mine, though.French toast - pretty good, too. Bf thought it was a little "eggy."Teriyaki steak (and eggs) - juicy and tender. I see why that dish is a must get. Joe's special - eggs with spinach, beef, and parmesan cheese. yummy!Cajun pork chops (a breakfast special) - good flavor, but could have been spicier.Blueberry pancakes - light, fluffy, and simply melt-in-your-mouth delicious! My favorite of all the dishes.Biscuits and gravy - I didn't get a chance to try it since a 17-year old boy was too busy devouring it. I thought it was cool that they had a shaker bottle of powdered sugar on the table, just in case you wanted to sprinkle some on each bite of your pancakes or french toast. We had plenty of food left over since the portions were generous. And the prices are reasonable. Nini's has more standard breakfast fare rather than fancy fritattas and skillets. Fritatta shmatatta - all this girl needs are fluffy pancakes and eggs to be happy.
<review# 1687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2010,1/22/2011,111,233,5,8,5>Reasons why I love my neighborhood bar: Get here early and snag the best seat in the house, the leather couch. We made ourselves very comfortable and ignored the jealous looks. An interesting variety of folks. From the super laid back regulars to the over the top black mini dress girls. Juke box, pool table, darts and Happy Hour 10-11pm - genius! It's comforting knowing Clooney's can deliver the goods. Also knowing I can crawl home if I need to is a plus.
<review# 1688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2010,1/21/2011,378,248,5,4,5>real, rich creamy gelato with that slightly grainy texture, is just TOO good.gelato classico is the BEST of TOO good. this gelato shop is a lot more generous with their scooping than the one in downtown palo alto.my favorite combination everrr - green tea and creme brulee.p.s. don't be shocked when you see people walking through the window from time to time
<review# 1689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2010,1/20/2011,656,1338,8,8,8>I've been back a few more times, and I have to say....I LOVE this place!I've been to quite a few of the new fancy pizza places, and this is still in my top two. (Gialina's is my #1, but Howie's is a lot more convenient.)The owner is incredibly nice, and, drumroll....He has his mother's  potato latkes as a special around Jewish holidays.I have tried many potato latkes, and I never like any of them.We ordered these, (with the thought that if they sucked, we just wouldn't eat them.)What a pleasant surprise! His mom's recipe seems identical to my mother's, except less greasy.My only complaint? They're not available all the time.I've tried a few pizzas, and the margherita is my favorite. It totally hits the spot for me. Although, I have enjoyed the other pizzas we've tried, and the chop salad is awesome as well.They don't take reservations, but we've never had to wait more than 30 minutes, and the food is brought out pretty quickly.As i have mentioned in previous reviews, I'm a recent pizza convert, (and a picky one.) This place has won me over:)
<review# 1690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2010,1/19/2011,694,903,3,5,4>This place has FABULOUS burgers! I cannot wait to go back. They are messy goodness like In-N-Out but they do cost more. About $11. However, they also come with the BEST sweet potato fries I have ever had --- and i have tried many.These have a yummy seasoning on them and come with their Tiger Sauce (which I think is ranch with extra seasonings thrown in or something).The Wine Country burger is my fav - goat cheese, onion, mushroom SO GOOD. My bf had the Angry Cowboy - he said it is not spicy at all and will try the more spicy one next time. Their wine and beer list is short but has enough diversity. They are apparently know for shakes - will try that next time.This place is always PACKED - be patient or go before 630pm. Also, they have enormous booths so this would be a great place for a group of 6 or 8. However, they do not take reservations.
<review# 1691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,4/2/2013,207,200,4,7,5>I just started working in downtown Palo Alto, and this is my favorite lunch spot!They start you off with a pickled cabbage appetizer, and anything you order comes with pita bread. I like to slather the pita bread with the green hot sauce (better than the red hot sauce) on the table, and take the other pita bread home to make pita chips out of! Just rip it into pieces, and bake in the oven for 10 minutes at 400 F with some olive oil and spices drizzled on. You will have extra pita bread, trust me.Mozy's Rice Bowl: my favorite item. The chicken is flavorful and the whole dish is moist is so easy to eat. It's a very large dish - enough for me to eat half and save the other half for breakfast the next day (unless I want to food coma in the office). Couscous: This dish is good, but a lot more bland than Mozy's Rice Bowl. They give you a big chunk of chicken, but it's chicken that's been souped out, so there's not very much flavor left in it.Shakshuka: This dish was served in a shallow pan, and it kind of reminded me of a quiche with a tomato base. And bits of hot dog inside. It was good, but not very filling (unlike the other two items listed above).I have yet to try the hummus, which must be good since everyone keeps raving about it. Maybe one day when I have a lunch buddy .... :'( I usually sit at the bar so there's not much of a wait.
<review# 1692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2012,4/1/2013,656,1338,2,8,6>My husband and his family have been coming here for years, but I had still never been. Although, i had been brought goodies from here.We stopped in while we were in the neighborhood Saturday afternoon. It's much smaller and definitely much older than the other Japanese markets I've been to, (Mitsua, Marukai, Nijiya.)All the staples were easy to find, and prices were reasonable.Bought some of my favorite sake, and a 2 pack of the amazing mochi made at the Manju shop in SJ's Japantown.The plate lunch counter made my mouth water, and yearn for Hawaii.I was happy to see some of my favorite Hawaiian items are sold here.It's definitely a little jewel of a neighborhood store.
<review# 1693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,3/31/2013,1137,482,6,7,7>Had a group dinner here and had another great dining experience.  Perfect blend of a warm, lively ambiance without having the need to blowout your vocal cords to have an actual conversation.For a tasty liquid libation, I highly recommend the gin fizz.  I know this is a broad generalization, but I almost feel any drink that properly integrates egg white cream is extra satisfying.  The Indo gin fizz is thankfully no exception to this rule :DFood highlights included the appetizer sampler (gives you a great taste of spring rolls, chicken satay, samosas & tuna tartare), garlic noodles (yum), Balado beef (spicy but tasty!) and the chicken curry (now my official go-to dish).For dessert, the banana fritters was a hit as was their dessert special for the evening.  This was a delicate crepe that was filled with toasted coconut and paired with vanilla gelato & thinly sliced strawberries...nice.Service throughout the entire meal was completely top-notch.I'm really enjoying the food, drinks and overall vibe of Indo.  Definitely will be back soon again!
<review# 1694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,3/30/2013,330,533,6,12,12>This is such a beautiful and peaceful place... at least, most of the time!  I came here most recently with a school group.  A bunch of kids running around the tide pools can be pretty chaotic.But if you come at the right time, especially when the tide is very low, you can find all sorts of beautiful things.  There is a pretty bluff trail that winds through some spooky trees, but most of the sights are found in the water.  We saw several kinds of sea stars, but sadly, not a single octopus.  Some  lucky Yelpers did, as you can see from the posted photos.  I'm jealous!There is a tiny visitor's center (not much larger than a bathroom), a small parking lot, and rustic restroom facilities.  Near the parking lot are several picnic tables.  It smells wonderful here because of all the cypress trees, and I'm sure it would make a nice lunch spot.The docents that work here are very kind and knowledgeable.  There are a lot of rules at the Reserve, but they're meant to protect the wildlife here.  Please follow them!
<review# 1695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,3/29/2013,227,292,2,4,3>Wow this place has been compltely remodeled and looks fabulous! And the best part is they make pupusas now!  The same lady that made them at Amelias works here making them now and they are just as delicious.  The staff is very friendly as well.  Happy to have found it and will be coming here all the time now.
<review# 1696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,3/28/2013,141,329,6,7,3>After finally getting fed up with my extremely dulled kitchen knives, I decided to stop by the Perfect Edge. A quick tip from William Sonoma in the Hillsdale Mall led me here.Very friendly service and incredibly fast.Snappy...speedy...quick...pronto. In 20 minutes my knives were so sharp I could slice open the belly of a tauntaun on a cold day in Hoth.
<review# 1697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,3/27/2013,201,195,4,9,4>I had been eyeing yoga classes for awhile, but have been hesitant after trying a youtube yoga for beginners video and failing miserably at it. More recently I took a private introductory yoga session at another studio and enjoyed it but the times didn't accommodate my schedule. A friend suggested Peacebank and so far i'm really enjoying it!If you're a beginner this is the place for you. They actually have classes that are intended for people who are new to yoga. That's something that I looked for in other studios that I didn't always find. I don't want to jump into an all levels class if I have no idea what i'm doing. Don't be fooled just because the class is called beginner it does not mean you will be laying on your back the whole hour doing breathing exercises. It  does mean you will be guided throughout the poses and receive more information on how to do them correctly. This is really important, you do not want to guess your way through yoga. If you do a pose incorrectly you may not get the full benefit from doing it, or even worse injure yourself. The facility is nice, although sometimes the floor can be a little bit dusty. There is also an athletic wear store connected to Peacebank that sells cute clothes like Lululemon! Depending on who you are this can be good or bad. For me it's bad because all the cute clothes make me want to spend money!The only thing ruining my yoga experience is the parking! If I come too early and park I may have to go back outside to move my car so someone from the previous class can get out of the lot. If I come too late there aren't enough spaces left because some people decide to leave the parking space in front of them open and park in the spot behind (this makes more sense if you can see the parking lot).
<review# 1698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,3/26/2013,248,194,1,3,2>Beautiful facility complete with every kind of studio, equipment, and pool you could want. Great monthly fee price for 20-somethings ($69 per month, i.e. less than half the price of Equinox). My only beef with the gym was that the group fitness classes were too easy; I didn't even break a sweat in the spin class. Also disappointing is they bootcamp class isn't included in the monthly fee. If you just want to use the facilities and equipment (not a group fitness fanatic) this is absolutely the best value for your money in the South Bay / Peninsula.
<review# 1699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2013,3/25/2013,463,341,7,9,7>My husband picked me up from work and on the way home, my husband squeals in excitement, and practically gets us into an accident as he SCREEEEECHES and tries to get into the parking lot for OFF THE GRID.Before I continue, please note that We are food truck ADDICTS. When we went to North Shore in Hawaii, we stopped at EVERY. SINGLE. FOOD. TRUCK in one afternoon and ordered one of each item off the menu. Yes, we are food truck gluttons.So when we spotted Off the Grid on our way home, it became dinner for our family of 5. We started with the first food truck we saw and continued our way down the line and ordered from each truck. We started with Sam's Chowdermobile and ordered the clam chowder (which was ok and I've had better) but the real prize here was the lobster roll (which was excellent but a bit small compared to the pricetag of $16.50). Freshly toasted bun with a light crisp and buttery yummy lobster filled goodness but the simplicity of it made me think that I could just make this at home. Next stop was THE CHAIRMAN. I'm not really a CharBao person (CharBao is a bun-type sandwich) and I wouldve passed except two words caught my eye: PORK BELLY (topped with picked daikon). Now I HATE Daikon, but I figured if the Bao itself wasn't any good then I could always pick out and eat just the pork belly... But you know what? The entire thing was EXCELLENT. Now this, I could definitely NOT make at home. The pickled daikon had a fresh taste that complimented the greasy fatty pork belly PERFECTLY. My favorite item hands down the entire night! And oh so reasonably priced! I'm gonna come back and just order this all day! Next comes HAPA SF. I hate to hate on my fellow pinoy's there but I was expecting down-home-filipino-comfort-food-like-your-grandma-­used-to-make and I just didn't get that. Sisig taco's for example and even a filipino staple such as the chicken adobo, seemed to scream "I'm trying to be Filipino fusion with something else" and it just didnt hit the spot for me.Next came HIYAAA! I expected the rice plates to be like the korean restaurants in Hawaii but it wasnt. I ordered the Spicy Pork over rice which was ok, and I made the mistake of ordering the Bulkogi. It looked and practically tasted exactly the spicy pork over rice (see my photos) they look almost identical. At this point, I couldn't eat anymore, was a bit disappointed, and I had to save my leftovers for tomorrow's lunch. Oddly enough, I enjoyed it better the day after than I did  the day of but I dont know if I'll be back. At this point, I was stuffed. I brought cash because you never know if their machines are down or if some of the trucks still take cash only! But most of them accepted card thank goodness. It was really cold outside by 6:30pm so I finished the rest in the car but will definitely be back!Total cost for an hour of food truck goodness: $200... but I saved money by getting my drinks at Safeway across the street! Pricey buut will definitely be back!
<review# 1700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2013,3/24/2013,103,78,16,19,17>I didn't know you could still get a Ceasar salad prepared tableside! We had a girl's night out and had a wonderful experience. The Caesar was great, although garlicky! We all loved the garlic but some might not like that much! Although, we were served a very tasty fruit sorbet to cleanse the garlic!!! Good steaks, and the service excellent. They also make souffle, cherries jubilee and bananas foster tableside. We were too full to indulge but will next time.
<review# 1701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2012,1/10/2013,243,638,3,7,4>Enjoyed dining here as the dishes we ordered all were tasty and not too numbing (just me, others got it numbing hehe).. We shared 4 items for the four of us.. Ordered mouth watering chicken (cold dish), lamb fry, minced pork with long beans and spicy fish fillet.Portion size was good and meat was plenty except for the minced pork which had more of the beans.  Parking can be bit challenging if you are in the block around 12:30 but we were lucky enough to spot free parking closer.
<review# 1702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2012,1/9/2013,141,329,8,11,8>I often talk about places that have been "on my list," and New Kapadokia is one that has been there for years.First off, the service is really great. Nacho was friendly, personable, helpful, and rather no-nonsense when it came to offering up his favorites and recommendations. Each tip he offered was spot on!The food is downright delicious. The warm bread offered up sets the stage for a great meal. We ordered quite a lot of food, but I kid you not there were only a few stray veggies left...it's just that good!Ezme is my new favorite dip...Nacho called it crack, and I agree. Considered me addicted!The Sarma Beyti Kebab is everything you've seen and read about. And save some bread for the extra sauce; you'll thank me for it.The Kebab Combo 2 was a cacophony of flavors, from the tender lamb chop to the hearty Adana kebab. It's some serious meat, but that's a good thing!Their house wines are pretty good, however they were out of Turkish beers which I really wanted to try. Next time!I could offer up excuses why I neglected this awesome restaurant until now, but all I can do is lament that it took me so long and promise to go back often to make up for it!
<review# 1703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,1/8/2013,523,353,3,7,6>My 2006 ES 330 Lexus was due for a 90K mile maintenance sesh and I had to find somewhere that:1) wouldn't treat me like I was an idiot b/c I was a girl, since I know nothing about cars2) would do a great and honest job, since I know nothing about cars3) fair pricing (but then again, I wouldn't really know b/c I know nothing about cars)4) localWell, the stars aligned and I received a GLOWING referral to go to Ted and company to get it all done, and this is from someone who's been taking their cars to him since 1993 and referred many others.I'm not the first to write a 5 star review of this place, so I'll resist in going into too much detail, but this place is seriously so AWESOME from start to finish!+ As soon as I called, they were super professional, told them what I wanted to come in for, they told me what I can expect, and I made an appointment. + They don't do ANY work to your car until you tell them it's ok to do it. So there's absolutely no "by the ways" or surprises when you come and pick up your car.+ The shop is well kept, not that that's a requirement, but I think there's much to be said when you're running a shop like this and still manage to keep things in their place and not covered in all that black stuff... (again, i know nothing about cars)+ They were able to give me an accurate ballpark of how long it would take, how much it would cost, etc. They were very good at setting expectations for someone who's pretty much never taken a car to something other than a car wash. seriously.+ Although I know nothing about cars, I seriously think my car ran smoother after I picked it up. Oh yes, and there are CHERRIES ON TOP of all the things I mentioned above...+ Genuinely great service, even though I was a first timer I felt like I could be a regular. You will probably want to give them a bear hug when you come to pick up your car. And the guys there are so good at explaining things in a way where they educate and you don't feel stupid for asking questions. I mean they're technically doctors for your car... I've had way too many times where I had to deal w/ A-hole doctors who don't care to answer questions in detail, b/c they're busy going on to the next patient... but these guys are all good. A smooth running operation, well oiled machine.+ So embarrassing but, I guess my car was stinkin FILTHY under the hood, so they went out of their way and practically made everything look like as if I just drove my car off the sales lot. SERIOUSLY?? WHY ARE YOU GUYS TOO GOOD!!!I can say lots more but the bottom line is: Do yourself a favor, even if it does cost more than your iffy mechanic, give yourself a piece of mind and bring your car to Remmers and son (with a special shout out to Sean, who was the guy to took care of me!)I lied about not going into detail didn't I?!?!
<review# 1704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,1/7/2013,836,728,12,14,13>The 1900 block of Eucalyptus Ave in San Carlos is absolutely beautiful and AMAZING!!!I've been wanting to see Christmas displays this month and looked everywhere, but Yelp! I should've known to search here first!My friend and I came on Saturday at around 6:30pm and it was packed! We slowly drove into Orange Avenue and followed all the cars. (During the month of December the street is a one way.) Because it was raining outside and cold, we just stayed in the car and drove through Eucalyptus Avenue. I would definitely recommend getting out of your car and walking up to the beautiful lighting displays and homes. The houses are all just amazing... almost a nostalgic feel of holiday spirits!!If you're feeling festive this year, I highly recommend coming to San Carlos. Tips- Get here early (by 5:30pm)- Stroll through the neighborhood - Photo ops by the house with the Grinch- Take lots of pics and enjoy!I found other Christmas light listings here: lightsofthevalley.com/DeIf you've missed it, bookmark this for next year!Happy Holidays, Yelpers! :)
<review# 1705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2012,1/6/2013,87,73,1,5,4>As a recent transplant to San Mateo, I am delighted to discover this little beauty is just a hop, a skip, and a jump from my front door. Wine on tap? Don't mind if I do. It's more sustainable that way? Why, I'll have another, thank you.Mostly small plates and 'snacks' comprise the menu; I sampled Brussels sprouts in a tangy vinaigrette with bacon (BACON!), spicy something or rather wings, and the daily special: MEATBALLS. Stick a fork in me, I'm done. I love it. Oooo, oooo, ooo, and the lady next to me had an ice cream sandwich with pumpkin ice cream and a gingerbread cookie. Swoon.The space is small and has the industrial/rustic thing going on. It is quite loud, but how can one NOT be jovial eating meatballs and mini pot pie!? With a hook to hang your purse on? I say 31st Union is worth a jaunt even if it's not in your backyard (NIYBY?). I, personally, will be hopping, skipping, and jumping my way back very soon.
<review# 1706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,1/5/2013,93,917,3,4,3>Deep fried halibut roll. SAY WHAT!? I've never, even seen halibut in a sushi roll. Must. Order.It was delicious!! No surprise, really. In addition, we ordered the standard lion king and spider rolls -- plenty of food for two people. I must say that Sushi Monster is a tad more pricey than similar casual sushi restaurants that lack any sort of ambiance, but the super friendly service and fresh rolls made it worth it!I'll be back for that halibut!
<review# 1707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,1/4/2013,113,362,4,7,7>Beer beer beer, blah blah blah. ;)Devils' Canyon makes AWESOME root beer. I've attended Beer Fridays just for the root beer. Not that the beer is bad (love the Silicon Blonde), it's that the root beer is just that good. So good, I even hate to "waste" it on a root beer float.  Only trouble is, it runs out quickly on Beer Fridays, as it's the only non-alcoholic option, making it THE option for all the kids, designated drivers, non-drinkers, and people who want to space out their beer drinking with something non-beer. So if I want a growler full, I have to show up early. So, hurray that it's now sold at Sigona's on tap! But I still hope that distribution of the root beer to restaurants increases, as it's hard to find out there, even at places that could handily sell a lot of it, like The Counter or 31st Union (HINT HINT). I recognize it's hard to give up a tap to root beer, so maybe it could be bottled, like the Full Boar? Just a suggestion. 'Til then I'll keep requesting it at my favorite restaurants!
<review# 1708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2012,1/3/2013,81,144,4,8,6>This review is for Angie - she is wonderful! After reading the reviews here, I decided to try Angie out. I was in dire need of a haircut and color, and had heard about the salon from some girlfriends. Angie makes it really easy by having an app that you can schedule your appointments on, or you can email her if that's more convenient for you. Angie is really patient and understanding of what you want. She's also great at giving suggestions. Each time I got my hair done, I got tons of compliments - that's never happened before! While I have had good haircuts from different stylists in the past, I will say that Angie is a GENIUS at color. I feel awesome coming out of the salon each time. I've also recommended her to a friend for a haircut, and my friend loved her too. She told me her husband said it was the best haircut she'd ever gotten. Can't wait to visit her again!
<review# 1709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2012,1/2/2013,694,903,4,5,5>whoa whoa whoa. People. What is the problem here. How come every time we come to Medallion it is DEAD?  Well frankly, I don't mind. It's easier to order and ensures we get a place at the bar so we can see the TVs. Happy Hour here ROCKS. Food, ROCKS. Here are the highlights and the very small lowlights....Pros:happy hour wine is good and $5 a glass. Happy hour is excellent food at fab pricesA+ Rib Eye tacosA nachosB+ $1 osytersB prime rib spring rollsnext on our list to try: sliders, calamari, pizzaOutside has beautiful fire pit and what looks to be a screen - do they play games and movies out there????Nice bartendersCons: happy hour beer is only bud light and pale ale. but they do have stella and others just not on HH price.The music guy that comes is just okforced complementary valet - just let me park in the lot and keep my own keys ok? We park on the street instead.
<review# 1710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2012,1/1/2013,127,1093,4,9,6>We got to go check it out for opening night.  Of course, opening night always has its kinks, but the front of the house was pretty impressive for the first night, likely because they brought in people from the SF and Cupertino locations.  The space itself looks cleaner and brighter than the former Trader Vic's, and I especially liked the big bar tables in the bar area and the cozier booths in the rooms on the side.We were each started with a complimentary glass of Prosecco and an amuse of smoked salmon with a soy creme fraiche and tiny little subtle mustard sprinkles.  The bread tray somehow missed our table, but when it did come by, we tried the olive bread, mini epi, and croissant.  The layers on the croissant were done pretty well - flaky in the right places.  The epi itself was cute but quite tough.Our table started with the chilled seafood platter, which had clams, oysters, mussels, large shrimp, and a half lobster.  All of the seafood was very fresh, with particularly sweet jumbo shrimp.  There was a sweeter mustard, a whiskey cocktail sauce and a traditional mignonette for accompaniments.  One serving was actually enough for four of us since we got other starters.  The tuna takaki has a light Asian flavored marinade, is seared just slightly on the outside, and tastes fresh.  The highlight was definitely the abalone, which was grilled and had really good flavor and didn't even need the miso creme fraiche.  Other notable starters I wanted to try included a lobster risotto and the fried clam chowder, but we already had a ton of food.Though the wine list is very big and like Alexander's, has some premium selections, they actually had some bottles around $50, and we went with a pinot blanc. They have some signature cocktails, too, but we went with wine for the seafood entrees,Two of us had the butter poached lobster, which was sweet, not too heavy, well flavored, and cooked just right.  The dish was very clean, with beautifully green spinach, bright red beet cubes, and a light sweet potato puree - this was probably my favorite.  We also had the mero, which was surprisingly lighter and flaky.  And finally, the shrimp carbonara is your traditional heavier pasta but with a generous portion of large shrimp, crisped brussels sprout leaves, and shiitake mushrooms (a nice Asian take on the traditional carbonara).  To share, we had to get the truffle fries, sprinkled with parmesan, with tons of truffle flavor.  For those who don't love seafood, they did have a Maple Leaf Farms Muscavy duck, a milk fed veal chop, and the Miyasaki A5 Wagyu (AQ).Oddly, before we received our desserts, we had the tray of mignardises and famous cotton candy (I think the order was reversed and this usually comes with the check?)For dessert, the chocolate souffle was appropriately airy but sweeter than the one at the Cupertino location; fortunately, it still comes with the ice cream macaron sandwiches, which tastes like thin mints with peppermint ice cream.  The monkey dessert had small pieces of banana bread, banana semifreddo.  The red velvet is an interesting take, mostly with cream cheese ice cream as the highlight, then a base of red velvet (not as much cocoa flavor as I'd expect).  The final chocolate dessert we had was a bit more bitter chocolate, which I prefer, and the accompanying ice cream is slightly savory, for a nice balance (but it's definitely an acquired taste).Overall, service could have been smoother.  The kitchen did well in executing the brand new menu, which chef Lin (from Providence in LA) created just 1-2 weeks ago. Sadly, no tasting menu yet, but I believe it'll get running once the front and back of the house are all coordinated.  We'll definitely be back to try the tasting!
<review# 1711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,8/11/2014,41,114,6,5,7>This is the spot. The cut. The Jam. THE place you want to be.I stumbled upon Merv's shortly after moving to Mountain View. I was told by many people that it would be quite the experience, so I had to check it out. It didn't take me long to figure out that this is by far the coolest bar in Mountain View. You won't find a big sign or any advertising for this place-- you'll have to hunt to find it. But I like it that way. Merv's is the kind of place where no one cares what you're wearing or how much money is in your pocket so long as you're ready to have a cold one (which will run you about 3 bucks!). Don't come here if you want to be pampered. The bar tenders are a no-nonsense crew and they expect respect from their patrons. They don't have draft beer, they only accept cash, and they won't make you a fancy drink (though they make a sneaky-good margarita).Come to Merv's to get away from it all. Step back twenty years in time, leave your ego at the door, and have a drink with some a-okay folks. Just make a right down the alley next to the Chinese restaurant and look for the blue door with a martini glass on it. Easy.
<review# 1712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2014,8/10/2014,239,373,5,13,5>This place is awesome sauce! And their sauce is awesome too. Came here for dinner last night. Positives:+ Cool selection of beers on tap and in bottle. They let us sample as well. + Really nice people working there +Awesome menu of sammies, burgers, baos, hotdogs, French fries (furikake!) and salads+ Pork belly bao. Wow+ Coconut fries. Wow+ Game day special hot dog. Wow+ Furikake fries with home made furikake. So good. Came with four sauces, their house special sriracha sauce, a tomato aioli, lemon and scallion, and garlic. All delicious. + TVs around so you can watch the games I got the wasabi jack burger. Overall, really good, but it got a little too horseradishy for me. The nose burn got to be a little too much. But, my boyfriends brother tried it and loved it and said it was perfect, so maybe I'm just not equipped to handle the awesomeness. Would I come again? Hellz yea. I'll definitely be a happy hour regular too.
<review# 1713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,8/9/2014,86,189,3,8,6>This review is for the public tour that happens on the 3rd Thursday of every month.I've been wanting to come tour the Shoreway Environmental Center for THE longest time but never really wanted to take a day off for it (the public tours only happen on Thursdays). Can you imagine my excitement when I realized that my 30th birthday fell on the 3rd Thursday of March??! I was debating whether or not to take the day off and when I remembered the tour, it was an easy "Yes". I booked their earliest tour at 9:30am and my parents and grandpa ended up coming with me as well. The tour ended up being SO MUCH FUN!!! We started off in the recycling center where you get an introduction and then hear and read some facts about recycling. Then they actually walk you around the machines! It was so interesting to see how everything is sorted and I had no idea that people had to manually help sort as well! A lot of it is automated but there's still some things that fall through the cracks which requires someone to hand sort. Ex: a crushed water bottle that falls into the trash pile or plastic bags that fall into the recycling pile, etc. It gets pretty loud around the machines, so they give everyone headphones to be able to hear the guide. Only thing about this part of the tour is that small children and those in a wheelchair can't walk around. My grandpa was in a wheelchair so my dad had to sit back with him. Then, they had a Q&A session where the audience could ask questions about what they saw and really, anything about the recycling, trash, and compost procedures. After touring the recycling center, they take you to the compost area where you see the HUGEST compost pile! Did you know that residents can go and ask for compost? I think you can get it twice a year or something like that. I had no idea. I also had no idea that compost got so hot but you could literally see steam rising from the top of the pile. Overall, it was a great tour and the guides were very nice and knowledgeable. I would definitely recommend it! It was so fun and interesting to see the recycling process and compost pile. I also learned a lot and realized that you could recycle a lot of things such as cooking and auto oil! Makes me happy =). It was a great start to my 30s.
<review# 1714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,8/8/2014,175,269,3,7,2>Friends, I've been here with my hardcore Greeks, my non-Greeks... I've been here for intimate dinners and large parties.  Hands down, every single time, it's been a hit, NEVER a miss.  Things I highly recommend are almost everything on their appetizers list and if they have octopus, you must get it!!Entrees are all deliciously and expertly made.  My two favorites are the salmon and their Souvlaki (lamb or chicken, both yum).  You come here to treat yourself or be treated.  The staff is exceptional, always friendly, informative and know how to handle tables at the appropriate times. Try to come here for a lunch and for a dinner (then repeat)!
<review# 1715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2014,8/7/2014,82,86,7,11,8>I am pretty torn on writing this reveiw and there are many reasons why I shouldn't write this review. Here we go...Came here today after reading the positive reveiws a few weeks ago and was looking for a chance to visit, today was my day. This restaurant is located in a small plaza and parking is limited. Now that you are warned of the parking, do not give negative feedback because you couldn't find parking or too lazy to walk, not the restaurants fault - it's your inability to want to walk. When I walked in through the traditional Japanese drapes at the door, I was greated by a friendly Japanese lady - she's the real deal. The menu is writting on the wall behind the cashier and has a variety of choices from bento to oyakodon to curry to soba to burgers, yeah burgers! I went with the Curry Katsu Chicken and ordered a side of sashimi. Let me begin by saying, the Katsu is breaded lightly and came out golden brown with crispyness! The oil that fried it was fresh and you don't get that burnt oil or greasy smell or taste. The pool of curry was like liquid gold, oh wait, it was liquid gold! Savory and a slight tang to it. I wiped the plate dry with my rice and chicken! The chicken at most places are thin, not at Diner Japonica, this was a thick cut chicken and portion was generous!The sashimi - where do I start? 4 thickly sliced salmon, 4 thickly sliced white tuna, and my favorite, 2 thickly sliced yellow tail belly. The yellow tail was the crem de le crem, buttery, soft, and melted in my mouth similiar to toro. I am feeling the withdrawals from Diner Japonica. This place is a mom and pops establishment. I enjoy going to these types of restaurants that are hidden and located in small towns. The food I was lucky enough to enjoy tasted as if I was having a meal at their home served from their personal kitchen. To the owners, arigato! I will come back and often.  The reason to why I mentioned I was torn to write this review is clear. I don't want snobby foodies to show up and expect white table cloth service or ruin the vibe of this amazing restaurant. Come with an empty stomach and an open heart. 5 stars does not do this local gem justice. Cheers!
<review# 1716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,8/6/2014,342,133,5,7,6>That flank steak and fish bowl, though. Tender, yummy, sweetness. I didn't even the order the flank steak. I ended up getting their version of carne Asada fries ( which is the flank steak cut up. Totally not the same as ordering the flank steak entree). I'm surprised that I never ordered it even though I had been here twice. Thanks to a wonderful friend, I was able to try it. So glad I did! The fries were pretty good. I could've done without the sweet potato fries.Now that fish bowl. Just go in and ask for it. I dare you.I'll definitely come back whenever I'm in the Stanford area.
<review# 1717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,8/5/2014,104,94,5,6,2>Yeeeeeeeeesssssssss. Lots of fantastic beers, amazing German food and a nice little biergarten atmosphere on the patio. You really have to appreciate a bar these days that doesn't just throw anything with hops or hef on the menu. I've always gravitated more towards brown ales and malty beers and Gourtmet Haus is never short on those. I'm getting ready to become fat again since I just moved across the street. See you soon Gourmet Haus.
<review# 1718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2014,8/4/2014,228,190,6,7,5>Warm, soft cookies with smooth cold ice cream. Awesome combination! I refuse to wait longer than a few minutes to get my CREAM fix, so I'll go on a weeknight or other slower time. The two cookie ice cream sammie is too much for me, so I'll do a single cookie sammie - they cut the cookie in half and use them to surround the single scoop of ice cream. Perfect! A sweet treat for about $2.50 is a-ok with me!If you're driving down University and don't see a line outside, I suggest you find the nearest parking spot and get in there!
<review# 1719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,8/3/2014,68,316,5,4,4>I was entertaining and needed to find some salt free blue corn chips from Garden of Eatin' and only Bumble Bee Health Foods come up on local places that carried the brand. The owner of Bumble Bee sent me here and they had them in stock.I had never been inside the store before but found it sort of a cross between Wild Oats, Trader Joe's, and the Milk Pail.Like the Milk Pail they have lots of bins of produce, and like Wild Oats organic and alternative products, and like Trader Joe's tight isles with narrow selections.Quite an eclectic bunch of patrons on a Tuesday evening. I could not see too many real bargains here to get me to come back, as I was looking for one item and was not enticed to pick up much else.The service was slow in the single check out line and the checker took her sweet time commenting on each purchase.
<review# 1720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,8/2/2014,132,190,4,4,4>Oh man. This place reeks L.E.G.I.T. So far, I've had their spicy and regular ravioli with the marina sauce and the ravioli is so tender and the flavors are so savory! The marinara has the right combo of tomato and sauce, too. But this place isn't just ravioli - their sandwiches are so, SO delish too! So far, I've tried the pulled pork & the pastrami and DAMN. They know how to satisfy. My mouth is watering thinking of the goodness those sandwiches have. And don't forget to get them on the Dutch Crunch! Although these sandwiches are large, DO NOT take them to-go. They MUST be finished there - this delectable goodness deserves to be eaten fresh!
<review# 1721,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/23/2011,5/24/2011,2240,364,10,9,10>This is possibly the ultra-hippest cafe in downtown PA - sadly i couldn't pronounce nor recognize anything on the menu (no vanilla latte, huh?)  I'll also be honest and say i was bit intimidated by that but i sucked it up and acted like the cool cat-tress that i am and said - one french drip premium ($5) puh-leze.  I honestly cannot characterize myself as a coffee aficionado but my french pressed coffee was rich, smooth, and full of flavor - delicious.  Doge has a great lively atmosphere with a nice quiet upstairs spot where you can catch the entire scene from above.  In fact, i overheard a bit of a scene upstairs where a fellow yelper complained about the management "harassing" him over not buying anything during his 6 hour stay at the cafe (see the 1-star review below me).   Honestly dude, they're running a business not a library - get over it.
<review# 1722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2011,5/23/2011,227,292,5,7,7>I've been coming to Rickshaw corner here since I was a teen.  It's always been my favorite Chinese place. Nothing beats their chow mien and fried rice.  I always special order 'pork' chow mien though because I prefer it over the chicken. It takes about 10 - 15 minutes for them to make it for you so I'd call ahead. Always love the fried won tons and their sweet and sour sauce is the best I've had. I still see the original owner in there as well.  Good on them for maintaining a successful business for over 25 years.
<review# 1723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2011,5/22/2011,278,355,8,8,9>Tokie's is a pleasant, family-owned restaurant in Foster City.  When I worked in FC I would go there often.  Are there better Japanese food places to be had in nearby San Mateo?  For sure.  But why drive so far when you can experience the love and joy of this local neighborhood restaurant?If I eat there alone I cozy up to the sushi bar and chat with the sushi chef.  The appetizer menu is extensive, and a couple of items from there make a nice lunch.  And here they have some things you don't typically see, like zousui.An extra star for the friendly, homey service.
<review# 1724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2011,5/21/2011,323,283,4,6,5>A timely and unplanned dinner for 2, seated quickly with tea, menu and a dish of salty sweet peanuts.  By the time we looked up from our menu, the place was slammed with tables reserved and people waiting for tables.  Only 3 dishes and rice ordered for just the two of us but they were very good to excellent.  String beans spicy was not very spicy at all and but the beef stew clay pot was exceptionally tender and tasty.  Of course, had to try the steamed veggie/pork dumplings to see if it's as good as others.  While it took the longest to arrive, the tastes was there but not as juicy as some others.  I like putting in a deep soup spoon and converting the dumpling into a spoonful of tasty soup.  We will try LSR again with a friend who can order this cuisine with her eyes closed.
<review# 1725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,5/20/2011,559,976,6,7,5>After making countless visits here and venturing off to try different pho restaurants around the Bay Area, I still come back to Pho Vi Hoa. Now I've had my fair share of pho in my day, living in the Bay and what not, so I hope that I'd know what good pho and bad pho tastes like. Places like Pho Kim Long have the hype train, but it's honestly not that awesome. The thing  about Pho Vi Hoa is that it's always solid and consistent. The broth is never too salty and won't give you the infamous MSG dry mouth. By far, that's what I despise the most. I don't want to be drinking a bowl of broth, and THEN drink 3 cups of water like I just got done playing a pick up game. The meat is pretty clean, and portions are always hefty when it comes to pho. Aside from the pho, their spring rolls are pretty solid. For a mere $5, you get 4 fatty spring rolls that can easily make you full. Tons of seats here and its actually a clean pho restaurant. Crazy and unbelievable huh? Worried about prices? Then this place will set you straight for a measly $6-7. This place is legit pho-shizzle.
<review# 1726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,5/19/2011,505,313,13,19,17>BEST Pizza spot in Peninsula/Southbay!!! Margherita Pizza is the BOMB!!! The salads are also fresh and tasty! The only con is the wine. Please improve your list! La Crema Chardonnay? Barbera? Please check out Vintage's wine list. We will pay more for better wine =)
<review# 1727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2010,5/17/2011,267,761,7,8,9>This place is like a fancy all you can eat! I love the variety of stuff they have at the salad bar. It's all very tasty and flavorful. I also enjoyed how they served the meat. The server come out with these swords with food and they slice you pieces which you take with your mini tongs. I loved all the meat that I tried here. I definitely want to come back, but perhaps when I have money and time to drive here.
<review# 1728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,5/16/2011,492,228,2,5,4>This is just a review of our experience in the outdoor bar/seating area only.  After our wonderful oysters and bubbly experience at the Conservatory, we unanimously decided to continue our experience at the Ritz and walked outside to the bar/seating area where it provided a spectacular view of the bay and the golf course.  There was also a walking trail that would have taken us around the property - but it was windy and cold, we decided to stay put near the fire and order another bottle of champagne.  The service - how can I explain?  All we did was sit tight, enjoy the view, the fire and drink our champagne.  But the Ritz went out of their way - they provided blankets, pillows and water - just to make sure that we stayed warm and comfortable.  They were all very courteous and efficient - did not waste a single second of my time to provide everything that we needed.  I am booking my next venture right here at the Ritz!
<review# 1729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2010,5/15/2011,68,316,8,13,7>Having problems with my car constantly pulling to the right, I thought I might try taking it to the specialists and found custom alignment on yelp.I could see right away if you have an exotic car or have a lot of money to burn this is the place to go as they cater to the high end clients.One of the co-owners Joe Silva gave me a ride to work. But like most places they will not pick you up. So I had to bum a ride from a co worker to get back in time to pay and pick up my car.For my wagon this place was over kill. They found the problem was with the tires as they were just rotated that caused the pull to the right. They adjusted everything they could.I think for my car I should have gone to Wheel Works for $80.So if you have a Lambo, Ferrari, or Porsche, and a lot of money to burn this place is for you.
<review# 1730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2010,5/14/2011,203,321,3,3,4>I am definitely a fan of this place.  I love the decor and the entire feel of the place.  It's very cozy and the windows out to the street only add to the great ambiance.I really did not try any of the entrees but the appetizers I had with my friends were very tasty.  The sweet potato fries with the special ketchup was much better than what I've experienced elsewhere and the scallops with XO sauce were delicious.  Hell anything with XO sauce gets points in my book.I will be back to try their entrees hopefully for a more dinner-centric update.
<review# 1731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2010,10/3/2010,386,185,9,15,14>I yearn for Kobe beef more than a 22 year old, female, Caucasian hotel desk clerk working the night shift. That's because Neto's 1/2 LB Kobe beef burger can turn even the most faithful, devoted companion into a promiscuous infidel with an uncontrollable lust for loins and an insatiable appetite for adultery. Conveniently located on the corner of Castro St. right across the way from the Mountain View light rail station, Neto Caffe poses a triple threat for lowly writers, studious students, and weary travelers alike. The morning hours include a vast array of muffins and pastries along with coffee's and teas to spark the sunrise set for lift off. Lunch time is devoted to a collection of sandwiches and panini's to aid a host of soups and salads in conquering the mid day hunger strike negotiations with the stomach union. Dinner casts a foreboding shadow with a host of Mediterranean kabobs, focaccia pizza's, and pasta's. Top it all off with a yeasty slice of chocolate babka or baklava and your stomach will enjoy a wonderful night cap, literally. You will be stuffed to the brim as their portions are all so generous.My favorite Neto nuance nestles a plush patio, rich in foliage and tree coverage, with a wide open street view that makes for great people watching and a pleasant, serene surrounding perfect for navigating through a barricade of writer's block. Wired with wi-fi, Neto makes for a divine destination for the technologically inclined to the cumbersome bookworm. A great location for eating, relaxing, and getting your passion on.
<review# 1732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2010,10/2/2010,641,501,9,12,14>Couldn't make it on Opening Night but was there the 2nd night.  I took Jessica C. to celebrate her belated birthday dinner (happy birthday Jessica C.) and Osteria Coppa did not disappoint!She ordered the fettuccine w/lobster, Coke Farm celery root and lemon verbena, and I ordered my standard test for any Italian restaurant, the Bolognese.  They made it with a Tagliatelle pasta, which is a wide noodle wider than a fettuccine but not quite as wide as papardelle.  Both dishes were delicious!  The pastas were hand made and fresh and cooked perfectly.  Lots of texture, flavor, the whole package.We also tried the house cured salumi platter... YES, you read that right, house cured!  They make them there!  There were 5 kinds on the platter, including one that was made with beef.  That one was my favorite, but each and every one of them had a distinct flavor (spicy, oregano infused, etc.) we just could not stop eating them and finished the whole platter.For dessert, we got the pistachio olive oil cake with fresh strawberries.  It was very, very tasty, but I enjoyed the polenta olive oil cake with fresh strawberries at the YEE a tiny bit more.  Anyway, delicious food and friendly staff, not to mention reasonable prices and near my house.  I can totally see this place becoming my go to whenever I crave some good pasta!If you haven't made a reservation to go, make it now!
<review# 1733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2010,10/1/2010,537,588,13,19,18>This is easily my FAVORITE local Japanese Yakitori restaurant. Casual. Delicious. Low Key. Open Late. I've been to a few pure US-based Yakitori's but never having been to Japan, I have no accurate comparison point for any of the places I've experienced.  SPIN: * youtube.com/watch?v=NQEe * Here's my current 2010 ranking: 1) Kokko's (San Mateo) - # 1 ! 2) Ichiza (Las Vegas) - yelp.com/biz/ichiza-las-3) Raku (Las Vegas) - yelp.com/biz/raku-las-ve4) Hana Zen (San Francisco) - yelp.com/biz/hana-zen-sa5) Izakaya Mai (San Mateo) - yelp.com/biz/izakaya-mai6) Izakaya Restaurant (San Jose) - yelp.com/biz/izakaya-resSPIN * youtube.com/watch?v=nzxk *I've had many items on the menu.  The standouts: + Enoki Mushroom Wrapped in Bacon+ Deep Fried Chicken Cartlidge+ Butter Corn+ Pork CheekObviously this isn't enough for a meal but the reason why Yakitori gets the 5 STARS.  No other Yakitori joint does these items better IMO. My mouth waters when I think about biting into a piping hot skewer of Enoki Mushrooms Wrapped in Bacon with a dab of Japanese Mayo.The first time here was the most memorable for the copious amounts of Sake and Beer shared with fellow yelpers Cindy C., Badri N, and Rosie C. (MIA) and of course Lynette G.   Ugh...H.A.N.G.O.V.E.R. ! ! !Service is helpful and friendly in case you are unfamiliar with the Sake or other grill items.  Just ask.  But be patient, everything is cooked to order and does not come out in any particular sequence. Prices are reasonable assuming you don't go in with the impression that you will come out stuffed.  Portions are small.  Come here to drink AND snack.  Otherwise, order many items for the varieties offered by the grill masters.  Be sure to check out the daily specials written on the board just outside the restaurant.  (...i'll be there tonight...)Kampai! #589
<review# 1734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2010,9/30/2010,1324,243,10,11,11>I love this place!  It is located in Foster city.  A city that I am in and out everyday of the week.  It is where I used to live and oftentimes, never get tired of being around there.  Pretty much nothing much when it comes to a place to eat out or hang out.   One day, I pondered across a beauty salon in need of a good facial and waxing job.  Did I come to the right place.  Everyone was nice in sense that they were Vietnamese and did not talk behind my back sort of speak.  Jennifer the person who took care of me was very nice, professional and great at what she does.  If you want to get things done and done right, she is that person.  All in all, great services and a great level of professionalism you don't see often in this kind of business.
<review# 1735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2010,9/29/2010,403,410,7,7,9>One time they ran out of lettuce and didn't let me know until I came to pick up the sandwiches I had ordered for coworkers... (with big apologies, of course, and a huge discount)... and it was still amazing.THAT is what makes Ike's a 5 star joint.My stupid office moved from San Carlos and my weekly Ike's run has been diminished to a monthly occurrence.  Sad face.  Can't wait for the Stanford location to set up shop because then we're back on, bitches!!
<review# 1736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2010,9/28/2010,474,505,3,4,5>I wanted to say OUCH when my brother said I needed to see a chiro. So hesitant to see one since I've never had to get anything aligned.. But since I slept wrong and my neck is all out of whack, I had to see one. I guess you can say I was desperate to get my neck and shoulders back in alignment. I can feel a knot where I was tightest. One night of sleeping wrong and I'm in pain for the next 6 days!ok.. So I'm done whining.. Off to Yelp and see what fellow Yelpers had about Chiro's. I picked this one off the list, called and left a message and within an hour I was scheduled into to see a chiro by Dr. Michael. Their office is easy enough to find with ample parking (no parking meters either! yay!).. Came in and met Dr. John. He's a new chiro to the practice, but just as nice as the other doctors. After the initial consultation and tune-up, I'm back at work and driving without much pain. Now I'm armed with information about sleeping positions. I have a few more sessions, so I'll definitely update.
<review# 1737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2010,9/27/2010,112,304,5,7,7>This place just gets better and better as they hit their stride. This has become one of my favorite places to eat in Palo Alto. There is always someone fun and lively at the bar to chat with, and the tables seem to be packed no matter what time of day. Last Tuesday I almost couldn't get in!I'm currently loving on their Filet Gorgonzola. Its a piece of filet wrapped in pancetta with a smoky gorgonzola sauce on top. This dish is literally mouth-watering. And $24 for a steak is pretty reasonable in downtown P.A.Tried the chocolate souffle last time and it was okay. A little on the dry side, which was a shame. I'll definitely be sticking with my fave creme brulee next time. Overall experience though, gets better each time!
<review# 1738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2010,9/26/2010,318,202,6,10,7>i LOVE LOVE Vanilla Moon. It's like an upscale, hole-in-the-wall version of Sprinkle's. They have gourmet flavors and while I agree that the prices are high - I get why it's so high.  It they weren't so high, I'd be there EVERYday.  Here's my deduction of the 3 cupcake places (haven't been to Sibby's yet - so I can't compare them):Sprinkle's: For people who want a BIG cupcake that tastes good. You certainly get more bank for your buck at Sprinkle's than any other cupcake place.  Kara's: For those with a serious sweet tooth. I think they're cupcakes are sweeter and richer than other cupcake places. Personally, I'm not a big fan.Vanilla Moon: If Sprinkle's and Kara's had a baby, it would be Vanilla Moon. My fav. flavors are banana caramel,  the peanut butter cup and tiramisu.  You MUST try their topping on the banana caramel. It's like crack. Seriously. I have dreams about it.  Bottom line this place serves great tasty and small gourmet cupcakes.  If you don't want to pay for a tiny cupcake, then don't come here. But I swear, it's worth the price.  but be forewarned, not all the flavors are great...but I swear you will find one flavor that you will absolutely LOVE!
<review# 1739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2010,9/25/2010,362,488,7,11,10>I met up with a friend for dinner the other night because I was in a burger mood and suggested this place because the Yelp reviews look great.Before ordering dinner, I was debating either to get a beer or a strawberry malt. The strawberry malt won for me and my friend ordered a chocolate shake. We both thought our drinks were a bit too liquidy, but they were still good.For dinner, I decided to get the 'Great With Beer' burger medium well- swiss cheese, iceberg lettuce, sauteed mushrooms, deep fried pickles, and pale ale mayo. It was really tasty burger despite not being a big pickle fan. I think the friedness helped. Instead of the shoestring fries, I got sweet potato fries (an extra $1.50) which came with Tiger ranch sauce, which I thought was great. I only ate half my burger because I wanted to save the other half for my lunch the next day. Delicious! My friend being a vegetarian got the Black Bean burger, which she enjoyed as well.I definitely plan on coming back here. I want to try their Irish Nacho fries which I'm sure is unhealthy.
<review# 1740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2009,9/24/2010,905,867,6,24,16>Quite simply, the Navio at The Ritz Carlton is the best brunch buffet in Northern California.  Before I list all the top-notch items served at their Sunday brunch buffet, I have two points:One, the service at The Ritz Carlton is spectacular.  From the polite greeting with your name as the valet opens your car door to the friendly server and cooks who rearrange every entree so you can take pictures, great service is EVERYwhere at The Ritz.  The important thing to realize is that great service is never by accident.  I observed a cashier subtly radio to staff in the locker/bathroom as guests were entering and saw several wait staff hand-off important details and info regarding guests to each other.  This impeccable service is a result of preparation, anticipation, and execution....and I know many people appreciate it..Two, my personal buffet rankings....I'm excited to try the world class buffets in Hong Kong, but for now, my list is thus:1) Westin at the Bund, Shanghai - $60/person and an excellent selection of sashimi, seafood, roasted suckling pig and fresh hand tossed Chinese noodles.  2) Hakone - all-you-can eat toro, uni, kobe beef, and amaebi, $60/pp.  2b) Navio at The Ritz Carlton - only down a slot secondary to the astronomical price ($88/price) but made up for with a spectacular view, top notch service and great food.  3) Bellagio, Las Vegas - congee, prime rib, shrimp/crab4) Vancouver buffet - live lobster sushi, uni, and fantastic fish========Navio's impressive food selections (with pics):* seaweed salad, octopus, and scallops* smoked salmon and tuna tataki* three varieties of caviar* shucked oysters and littleneck clams* hand-peeled prawns and crab claws* salmon tartare and scallop roll* butternut squash ravioli* fresh lettuce and salad selection* prime rib and rack of lamb (usually with major holidays)* eggs benedict, applewood smoked bacon, and perfectly prepared scrambled eggs* charcuterie platter with duck prosciotto, head cheese, duck terrine, garlic smoked salami and more* chinese dim sum including eggs rolls, har gow, shiu mai, and xiao long bao* warm chestnut soup and chilled asparagus soup* high-end cheese selection * extensive freshly made bread selection* sushi rolls and tuna, salmon, and shrimp sushi* cookie and meringue selection* dessert selection with festive ice cream, decorative chocolates, creme brulee, mousse with gold leaf, and fruitsParking is included as are tea, coffee, and juice.  Unfortunately, champagne is not included in the price.  Navio accepts all credit cards, including American Express.  Thanks Navio for the best brunch in Northern California!
<review# 1741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2014,10/11/2014,1556,579,20,23,21>You should go here. Don't even consider online traffic school or any other "comedian". Coming from a girl that has opted for the latter, (always for speeding I might add), I think you should take my advice seriously!Rocky made scheduling time with him and the class I spent with him PAINLESS! We did our time with:~two rounds of traffic school Jeopardy~two standup comedy routines by Rocky himself~countless jokes in between~ a chance to network with other traffic law violaters~ lots of multimedia entertainment regarding traffic do's, don't's and weirdos   (people behaving badly and oddly)~a good amount of time for lunch...~ warnings about the police crack down on texters, speeders and people who disregard     pedestrians~and lots of valuable and invaluable tips on driving in generalRocky has been doing this over 15 years and it shows. The class is lively, up-to-date and interactive, so you're not just sitting in a classroom type setting getting lectured for eight hours straight. He actually tours with other stand-up comedians around the U.S. He's a nice guy with a civilized manner of treating all us people who violate the traffic laws enough to get caught. I know that if I ever violate any traffic laws, hopefully for at least not three more years, I will be able to run to Rocky, who I know will be waiting there with open arms. ROCKY: Don't quit what you're doing, please! We need you! And thanks for making Traffic School a fun event rather than a dreary day! :-D
<review# 1742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,10/10/2014,127,110,7,11,10>I can breathe again!!! Oh, and I can smell food again, my pain is gone, and did I mention that I LOVE MY NOSE!!! I don't think I have ever said that before...Dr. Mehta is awesome.  Seriously; if you are considering reconstructive/facial work, go to him.  After two surgeries, I was a bit apprehensive to do another one, but I was positive about my decision and outcome with Dr. Mehta, and I was totally right!! I got my cast off and stitches out today, and besides all the swelling, it looks AMAZING!! Already so much better than I had hoped.  It already looks like the result I had hoped for, and I have swelling. I am so happy.  Dr. Mehta is such a  nice, skilled surgeon and I would highly recommend him to anyone!!THANK YOU!!!! :)
<review# 1743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2014,10/9/2014,50,123,4,5,6>This has been on my list to try for a long time. We went in around 12.30 on a Sunday and there were about four people ahead of us. We had to wait for about 10 mins in line and found a seat immediately. We got the double play, both maine lobster rolls and the fried shrimp. Adding the ginger ale we had, the cost of this meal was about $57 before the tip, which initially seems a lot. Almost $20 for a lobster roll might seem quite high. But once you taste how fresh the lobster is and how much lobster you are getting in your roll, i think its completely worth it. I wouldn't want to have a $10 lobster roll and A) not have enough lobster meat and/or B) have it taste like canned lobster. Im thinking there is half a lobsters worth of meat in one lobster roll at lobster shack. The lobster chunks are quite big so you get the feeling of eating fresh lobster out of the shell. The bread is nicely toasted in butter. I personally would have preferred a little more mayonnaise in the lobster filling but perhaps i can try the naked roll next time, since it comes with  mayo and butter. New favorite place for lobster rolls!!
<review# 1744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,10/8/2014,97,85,7,8,9>I thought this place was authentic! My credentials? Born and raised in motherland Korea.The pros of this place are that it has a more diversified menu than Tofu house, which is always fun. The con? I should try more dishes to figure out, I guess. - Spicy Galbijjim: this is a spicy version of beef cooked to fall-off-the-bones perfection. The portions are good (the dish is for 2 people, so don't be fooled by the price) and the spicy sauce went really well with Makgeoli (rice wine) we ordered. Galbijjim isn't as well known as other Korean dishes but it's a must-try!- Ddokbokki: rice cake with spicy sauce. This is a popular Korean street food. This restaurant's rendition was authentic, even to the point of giving one boiled egg (and of course, everybody should fight over the boiled egg. That's the best part!). - Seafood pancake: slightly overpriced, but still good. The Korean name for this is actually seafood scallion pancake, and you should expect to see more scallions than seafood. The pancake IS supposed to be bland, and the sauce IS supposed to be salty. You DIP the pancake into the sauce to make the pancake not too bland, and not too salty. Will definitely go back!
<review# 1745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2014,10/7/2014,390,76,11,19,15>LESS WAIT TIME FOR GOOD RAMENOnce upon a time, there existed (and still does), a ramen house with very long lines and wait times.  One particular evening, we were very hungry and needed to satisfy our bellies without pause, so we arrived here, my second favorite ramen house in the Peninsula.  Although our wait time here is usually minimal, they manage to routinely pack their house full of satisfied patrons.This ramen house serves their Himawari Style Ramen, made from a broth blended with chicken, pork and seafood.  From this broth, you then choose your flavor:  soy, salt or miso.  All ramen comes with regular toppings:  slices of roasted pork, bamboo shoots and Japanese spring onions.  In the past, I had routinely ordered the delicately flavored Shio Ramen.  It is their Okinawa salt flavor with regular toppings.  This night however, I ordered the Wonton Men (shrimp and pork dumplings with seaweed).  My Fiancé ordered the Shiro Tantan Men Deluxe, a rich white, creamy and spicy sesame flavored soup with ground pork, bean sprouts, green onions, roasted pork, stewed pork, egg and cilantro.  Both ramen soups were delicious!The super big hit of the evening was the, Ikageso Karaage, deep fried calamari legs.  My favorite part of the squid are the legs.  It has more flavor than the body of the squid, comparable to the difference between dark and white meat of chicken.  The legs of this dish exceeded my expectations.  They were big, plump legs, cooked perfectly tender with a crispy, light coating.  They were served with a side of Japanese mayonnaise.  This is my new must get dish when we're up in this area.
<review# 1746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2014,10/6/2014,183,144,6,12,11>I came here TWICE in 2 weeks teehee :)First Experience:It was a birthday dinner for a bestie, A party of 3 hungry girls were ready to get their AYCE shabu on at 5:30PM. We definitely had a great time feasting and trying to figure out what Zabu had to offer compare to the other shabu places within the 10 mile radius. PROS:-Variety of meat (Australian Lamb, Wagyu Beef, Pork, Beef Tongue)-Variety of broth (there are 6-7 broths, but I personally like the Pork and Traditional)- Quality vegs (spinish, carrots, daikon, tofu, mushrooms, and of course, cabbage)So as we girls were eating and thinking how we can maximize the value of our $23 AYCE meal, the question is "Which type of meat is the most delicious and valued?" Answer: Australian Lamb and Beef TongueReason: Australian Lamb, from Australia. Hello. It has to be imported! Beef tongue, well.. think about it. You have a cow, with one tongue, and it's an organ that requires a lot of TLC to prepare and serve their customers. NOTE: Gratuity is already built into the bill (15%). SO if you pay in cash, and they ask if you want change, say yes. I paid with a $100 and the bill with $57. The second experience was just another birthday haha, but same idea as above :)
<review# 1747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,10/5/2014,286,975,8,8,8>What a fun place to bring your dog, with never a dull moment! There are always tons of dogs here, of different shapes and sizes, all playing together. Love that they provide bags, a water fountain, and a water bowl for dogs that are a bit unsure what to do with the water fountain. The park is the perfect size to keep track of your dog while still letting her get some really good exercise. The astroturf hasn't bothered any dogs that I've seen-- all the dogs just seemed to be having a blast. And all the people are always super nice there, too!
<review# 1748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2014,10/4/2014,114,158,4,6,7>A whiskey bar if I ever did see, at least for San Mateo!Fabulous drink selection, of course they have a full bar but when the specialty drinks are mostly whiskey, me likey!We walked in and it looked like they only took cash, there was an atm next to the bar, but to my surprise they took card!  I am not aware if there is a minimum or not, regardless its still an option.The person I was with got an old fashioned, I got some specialty cocktail of theirs (the brown derby) which was pretty darn tasty! I've only tried two of their drinks and both were delicious.  The atmosphere is pretty stellar as well!  Its a bit dark inside, perhaps channeling their inner Hollister Store, but a classy feel at that with the decor.  The outside patio is pretty great as well, they have a small waterfall for a more intimate feel.  Overall I will both; come here again and recommend this gem to others!  Try it, I'd choose this over any other bar in this little downtown area that I have already experienced, but I may be partial due to my love for whiskey.
<review# 1749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2014,10/3/2014,185,210,4,9,6>Our party of four had really nice time at the Village Pub tonight.The staff was very warm and attentive and didn't miss a beat.  When I looked at the kitchen to satisfy my curiosity, someone came over right away to ask if I needed anything.  When I asked someone in my party where the restroom was, an employee walked up to show me the way.  When we asked to have our pictures taken, the server suggested that we congregate in front of the fire place... and insisted on taking 4 pictures.The wine menu is so extensive it will blow your mind.  They have 1,000s of options on hand at just about every price point.  The priciest bottle I spotted was $13k.  That's right, $13k.  But no sweat, there are plenty of affordable wines.I decided to keep things simple and ordered a slow and bitter screwdriver.  This was a custom creation of the bartender... and, like other drinks, has allegedly won an award.  This one was deserving of a medal.For an appetizer, we shared the tomato burrata salad.  The tomatoes were good, the dressing was excellent, and the burrata cheese was the best I've ever had.My wife and I had branzino (mediterranean sea bass) which was served with a flavorful crispy skin and side dishes with amazing flavors I've never encountered before.  Someone in our party had the pork chops and said they were excellent.  He also found the flavors in his side dishes to be exceptional and unique.Everything went perfectly until we got to dessert.  We tried a chocolate soufflé and peach crisp.  Both were alright but not good enough to recommend to fellow Yelpers.All in all a great evening despite the disappointing desserts.
<review# 1750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2014,10/2/2014,228,336,3,8,9>This place is really special, if you haven't been yet you're missing out.  I've eaten here three times now and every time it's been stellar. I held my birthday dinner here, and they handled our group of 12 with no problem, even with one extremely tardy late-comer.  They have a couple of private/semi-private rooms at the back that are perfect for such things. Service is consistently good, and quite friendly. But it's the food that you'll fall in love with.  Everyone I've brought here so far sure has!Chef George Morrone is a genius with soups, trust me, these are a must-order.  I especially love the scallop-saffron bisque, but the fresh English pea soup is also delicious, even if you, like me, don't particularly like pea soup.  The tuna tartare is also a standout dish, I could make a meal out of just soup and the tartare! The sea scallop spiedini is easily my favorite entree here, however the lamb chops with their kalamata olive butter are also divine.  I'm not much of a dessert person, plus I'm generally way too full by the time I get to that point in the meal, so I won't comment on that portion of the menu.Their wine list is also pretty great, there are some interesting choices from places you may not be familiar with, along with a few old faithful standards (everything from J Lohr to Opus One) if you prefer to go with the tried and true. Most of the staff can help you with a good recommendation as needed.  The list is broad enough to allow you to find something to suit your mood and your price point, but it's not an overwhelming novel either, best of both worlds really.Now I'm hungry, excuse me, I have a dinner reservation to make!
<review# 1751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2009,8/7/2009,252,29,5,7,6>I've pretty much lived down the street from this strip mall for the last two and a half years and didn't even know this place existed!  The owner is VERY friendly and takes pride in his work, he has a sense of humor too!  The French Roast from yesterday morning was super fresh and gave me the kick in the ass needed to stay awake at my desk.  The apple pie was tossed in an oven for a bit to get it nice and warm, it wasn't too sweet, just right.  This morning I went with the cinnamon bites and a nice house blend.  Love walking down there for these little pastries but will have to try everything!
<review# 1752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2009,8/6/2009,81,190,7,7,8>cafe zoe is a GEM in little ol' menlo park! i cannot believe i JUST found this place, after living here for a year. why didn't i join yelp earlier??this place is all about "peace, hope, and community." i met my friend here for coffee this morning. they don't have a huge coffee selection, but the brewed coffee is excellent, and is the mocha. the ambiance is really peaceful, and there's a cute patio in the back for kids to hang out in. the owners/employees were super nice. it's kind of in a strange location in the middle of a residential area, but that's what makes it such a gem. free wi-fi ALWAYS a huge plus. move aside barrone -- this is my new favorite cafe in menlo park!
<review# 1753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2008,8/5/2009,6,20,5,8,9>I am so in love with this place!  I don't even really like burgers that much!I recommend the "Good with Beer".  It has a deep fried pickle on it!  The Sweet Potato Fries also rock.The staff was great.  There is a large table that seats 16 in the middle.  You can't get reservations for it but I had my whole 16 person bday dinner seated and eating around 8:30/9:00.  Great vibe.  I will definetly go there again.
<review# 1754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2009,8/4/2009,278,355,13,16,15>I happened upon a local Meetup group going to eat Singapore Chilli Crab here.  I couldn't resist.  I have a bike ride tomorrow and normally I wouldn't risk eating seafood or spicy food before 6+ hours in the saddle, but I love Chilli crab... it is my weakness.  Well I have numerous weaknesses, but especially this.The crab was quite big for $30, we were all pleasantly surprised.  They had a nice plating, with the sauce in the crab shell.  One gal smartly asked for more sauce for dipping.  The server lady politely obliged with a round of sauce for everyone.  The crab was pretty good, the sauce had nice flavor... good enough to remind me of Singapore, but not perfect that it eliminates the craving to fly there again.  Next time I'll tell them to drown the crab in sauce so I can eat it with the bread.Great company, great food, what else could you ask for?  The service was nice and friendly.  Live music a tad bit loud for conversation, but hey once you hang out a few times forget the conversation... just eat your crab like a ravenous dog!I wore a dark colored long sleeve shirt just for this occasion.  Don't be a fool and wear white.
<review# 1755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2009,8/3/2009,493,361,9,13,13>I came here one day for a lunch break, and oh dear god... they have some of the best kebabs in the area.  It's definitely one of those hidden gems, where from the front it looks like an ordinary store front, from the street you would never expect what lies inside, but the aromas and smells of grilled meat as you walk will draw you in.  The people behind the counter are very friendly and very proud of the food that they are creating.  Additionally, if you need to get some herbs, and want to avoid paying the higher prices from specialty high end stores, it might be worth a stop, I was able to get some pomegranate extract and kebab spices in larger sizes and for much cheaper then some of the other places I've been shopping at.Any who, back to the food, go to counter order up some meats, grab a seat in the back and watch them cook up those skewers of meaty oh so deliciousness, and prepare yourself.  It does take some time, because they cook the kebabs to order, so if you are in a rush you may want to call ahead, I personally don't mind waiting, plus you get to eat this meat moments from it being pulled off the grill.  Your supposed to wait I guess, and let the meat rest, but with it sitting in front of you it's more of a battle of willpower as the BBQ and spices and sizzling meat creates an intoxicating aroma.  Here are some of my favorites:Chicken leg pieces - What can I say, I'm not a breast kinda guy, I prefer the dark thigh meat.  (insert crude joke here) Kebab koubideh - Ground up meat, spices, grilled to perfection, nice char on the outside, moist in the middle.BBQ tomato - Ain't nothing simpler nor better, especially in between bites of rice and meat.Get a side of rice, and they give you a generous heaping mound of it that you can put these kebabs right on top of it, catching all the extra juices that flow out of the meat, making it all the more scrumptious.Definitely keep in mind, this isn't one of those restaurants with servers and wait staff, think of it more like a sand which shop, order, eat and repeat.  That's it, bus your plates when your done and pay your bill.  Believe me even as I'm writing this I'm fighting the temptation of jumping into my car and getting some kebab action right now!Oh and did I mention that they have some really exotic sounding ice creams?  How does saffron vanilla ice cream sound?  Ill be making a stop by here after work and taking a pint of that home.
<review# 1756,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/9/2009,8/2/2009,462,142,1,7,5>So, I came here with CeCe C. She wanted to come out here and do a few things and try this place out. BTW, this town is super small. Like 2 or 3 blocks is the whole downtown area. We had to wait about 20 minutes before we got a table. The restaurant was also connected to a bar and served food at the bar. Apparently a lot of people like the artichoke soup. I am not a fan of soup, and I thought it was alright. DO NOT ORDER the deep fried calamari. They only gave you like a dozen pieces, and it tasted pretty bad. I actually liked the crab melt. It wasn't overwhelming with cheese, which I believe is a good thing. You can taste the tons of butter. It was probably unhealthy but tasty. I had the hot beef with mashed potatoes and gravy. It wasn't too bad. The thing I wish they did was use a sourdough bread (or something similar) rather than white bread. The white bread wasn't even toasted. If they make this one change, it would be so much better. Decent place, but I wouldn't say you should drive more than 20 or 30 minutes . If your nearby, it is alright to go. But, I wouldn't make this the reason I would come out there.
<review# 1757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2009,8/1/2009,44,47,1,6,5>This place is YUM! Okay, it's taken us a while before venturing here, even though we've heard good things. I think cause through the window it always seems so un-kid-friendly and we never seem to match the craving with the mood of the kiddos... But, one night I was seriously craving humus and kabob! I ordered late-night (for parents this means... 9PM), and went to pick it up! I ordered humus, greek salad and the combination kabob. It was A-MAZING! Wow! That humus was like ice cream, it was so smooth and didn't have that tart bite to it. It was seriously something you feel you could spread over anything and it would improve it's taste! Okay, maybe not poop, but seriously, just about anything!So then the next night, we wanted more, SO picked up some more treats from there on his way home from work! YUM! We did the humus and greek salad thing again and this time tried the Musakka! YUM, again! Dang! This was all last week. Now just last night we had another craving, so we went back, and this time ate at the restaurant with the kids. A Monday night at about 7PM, was a great time, since it's not too busy and we wouldn't disturb too many people. The service was great and they were warm toward us, even though we looked like a disaster waiting to erupt (luckily no eruptions or meltdowns). We ordered humus, of course... greek salad, but of course... the chicken kabob and we added the spanakopita (which isn't on the online menu, but is on their restaurant menu). I LOVE their spanakopita! Even their orange juice was that yummy fresh-squeezed stuff, none of that usual yucky bar-drink-mixing crap.So ya, if you have kids, you can also opt to eat outside on their patio, which has a fountain,... but beware, if it's a busy night, people may be smoking the Hookah (which is quite delightful, but not so much when you have the kiddos with you).
<review# 1758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2008,7/31/2009,86,79,7,8,8>Two schools, just for me. Half pink lemonade, half red bean, and a full nutella. All for me. In my belly. Happy belly. I made it home with six lonely fishies in my box - ate the rest while driving. If I could give 6 stars, I would.Tara recognized me from yelp. This makes me almost MORE happy than taiyaki. I felt almost, a little, like a celebrity. All that happy inside squishy feeling made the fishies taste better - for serious.Sweet Breams, you keep rocking. And let us know when those awesome bottle openers come in. I need at least 3.
<review# 1759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2009,7/30/2009,275,727,11,13,11>Julie has the toughest and most challenging job in America. Make me look as attractive as possible to my wife. Now there is nothing she can do about my face, but she works miracles on my hair and my wife is always pleased with the results.I followed Julie here from her previous stint at another salon a while back. She is a fantastic person who makes a visit to the hair doctor fun. Julie is not only a master at making difficult to manage hair look good, she is also fun to talk to and always has plenty of good stories to share.Everyone here is super friendly and you get none of that snooty "we are a high end salon and are too good for you attitude" . I feel more like a friend here than just another customer.
<review# 1760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2009,7/29/2009,6,12,6,8,8>WOW! between the fiberoptic "chandeliers" and the glass tiled walls, I was completely blown away the the decor!  I felt like I was in a 21st century mishmash of wonderland and oz.They have an extensive and unique wine and cocktail list, that is definitely worth a look.  (Flights of wines by featuring only notable female wine makers? cool!)  You can tell that the owners and sommelier really put a lot of effort and time into it.The menu was fantastic as well, everything looked so good that it was almost overwhelming!  But our waiter served as an excellent guide through the numerous dishes, even though he was a vegetarian and had not actually tried the dishes himself!All food was beautifully presented and wonderful.  It differs from places like Amber in that most dishes do not feel quite as traditional, they are all a little updated, a little more cosmopolitan if you will.  This is definitely not a bad thing by any means, as I said, everything we tried was wonderful.
<review# 1761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2008,5/2/2009,481,1032,5,9,10>People were really hard on this place when they first opened but they've improved a lot since their first few weeks.  I think it rocks now.  I've been a couple of times now for dinner, desserts or drinks and it's always been good food and a fun time.  I love playing with all their puters and getting to order my food and pay 'online'.   Uwink is sure to be a unique pleaser for a group of friends.I've tried - mac and cheese which was great, the southwestern caesar salad which was tasty and the appetizer sampler which was good except the calamari was a lil too greasy.  There are other things but I can't remember now.   Oh and, our bill total was less than 20$ per person.  I was really happy with how attentive the staff, even though you summon them through your computer. hahaYou will barely noticed the time between order and food arrival because you'll be laughing and trying to win games against your table.  The games were simple but fun.  I really liked the trivia and word games but they also have tetris-like games and panoramic videos of different places around the world.  To top off this experience, they have HUGE screen of sports broadcasts so on one trip, we were able to catch the Rays beat the Red Socks for a chance at the World Series... such excitement in the place.  I really liked Uwink and will definitely go back, especially to entertain friends who like sports or high-tech stuff!  The place is just cool.  See ya there!
<review# 1762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2009,5/1/2009,169,223,10,9,10>So, as most of you know, a Chinese banquet for post celebration is almost more important than the wedding ceremony itself.  After reviewing all her options, my bride to be friend chose Ming's in Palo Alto. She chose wisely...just as she did, her future husband.At a Chinese banquet, 8 dishes are typically served and represent the symbol of good fortune. With every dish there is a supposed meaning behind it.  For example, with a fish dish, it is supposed to represent "longevity together", or shark fin soup "wealth", etc. You know us Asians, we have to have a superstitious meaning to everything.Personally, I liken Chinese banquet eating to speed dating. The first dish is usually a cold dish of jellyfish and barbecued meat. Just like in speed dating, you are just warming up with some basic conversation.  Before you're five minutes is up, the buzzard hits as another dish is placed on your lazy Susan. Next dish up, shark fin soup... "the flashy bad boy" you are temporarily impressed because unlike the previous plate, this dish symbolizes wealth (drives a beem, dresses to impress,), but you know its all superficial and on paper, and just as sharking for a "fin" is cruel and destructive to our planet, your inhibitions tell you to pass, thus saving room for the remaining 6 dishes! As the next couple of dishes are placed on to your table, your belly starts to fill up and momentum starts to run low. Then it appears... whole crab sautéed/fried in all its brown sauce glory. This dish peeks your interest, he intrigues you, yes there is some work to be done, as we all know, getting meat out of a crab is never easy and can be at times frustrating. But, when you finally taste the fruit of your labor... it was all worth it.  At the end of the evening, after trying all 8 dishes, I leave with a few note-worthy impressions, and with speed dating...a few numbers. I came. I tasted/dated. And I conquered!In your lifetime, definitely take the time to try both...they are fun experiences you won't regret. (Unless of course, you end up choosing the shark fin soup!)
<review# 1763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2009,4/30/2009,139,147,8,14,12>Ok Yelpers! You have once again led me to the best. I scheduled the first appointment I could get with Ari. She really took the time to listen to me before we did anything. She asked me what exactly I wanted (a smart, sleek cut that would lift my spirits during my relationship woes) and what my styling concerns were.  She said she wouldnt start cutting until I was completely SURE of what I desired. Ari was direct, but friendly. There was no fake and annoying attitude you sometimes get from people trying to forcefully play nice. Even though it was our first time meeting, she made me feel comfortable talking to her, even offering some personal advice.The haircut came out great (and was very affordable at $60)! I got some very sharp, layered pieces framing my face and an overall trim. I feel amazing and have already scheduled an appt in a few weeks for a color.
<review# 1764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2009,4/29/2009,545,312,18,23,21>This place lived up to expectations... and then some!We had tried to go here a few weeks ago without reservations on a weeknight - no dice!  We tried again this Thursday and were seated easily - perhaps it was the rain!First, location and logisitics.  Located on California Ave in Palo Alto, LBDM is close to El Camino and has tons of parking scattered all around it.  Several restaurants, bars and coffee shops surround it so you can start the evening early (as we did at Antonio's Nut House where XT graced us with her presence for a short time).~ 5 stars for accessibility and parkingThe restaurant is quite spacious - it is divided into a bar area with some seating and then, you walk through a curtained doorway into the main dining area which is comfortably lit and laid out tastefully.  You could stage a business dinner or have a cozy dinner with someone special and enjoy a lot of privacy in both cases.  Comfortable seating, great ambiance.~ 4 stars for restaurant ambianceMojitos!  The mint was FRESH - this is a key decision factor - and that mint was probably plucked that afternoon - I have to go back during the day to see if they have their own garden, I would not be surprised.  Did I mention the mint was fresh?  Oh, man!!!  Delish!!!~ 5 stars for the mojitosAppetizers - there were 4 of us - we ordered an order of the empanadas (waiter helpfully informed us that the order came with 3 and that he would instruct the chef to add a 4th - heck, yeah!!!).  The menu describes it as "shredded picadillo pork, roasted chilis, pepper jack, cabbage salad, coconut-roasted jalapeño sauce"  For $10, an excellent value - the pork was tender and the chillies and the jalapeno sauce gave it a nice bit of a kick!  We also had the croquetas ($8.50) which are "crispy fritters with potatoes, queso, green onion, and a tamarind-chipotle bbq sauce".  The dish reminded me of an Indian appetizer called a "vegetable cutlet" - it was great - very enjoyable - be warned - the sauce is on the spicy side!These along with never ending plates of bread and alive oil made for a sterling starting experience!~ 4 stars for appetizersFinally, the food!  Two of us at the table did not eat shellfish so the others were considerate enough to order a minimal amount of shellfish.  We had an order of the Tierra Y Mar ($25), a skirt steak with a side of tiger prawns, mashed potatoes - it came with a green sauce which the menu revealed as an avocado-cilantro pesto.  I tried a piece of the steak and it was delicious - thinly sliced, cooked just right with a hint of red in the center - the pesto sauce was interesting and added some texture as well.  We also had an order of the Masitas ($18.50) which is spicy roasted pork cubes served on white rice and black beans.  It was smothered in cilantro (I love cilantro but this was a bit much LOL)  I liked the pork a lot though it was chewy in parts.  The rice and beans were tasy but the flavors did not seem to blend very successfully - it appeared that the pork had just been spooned onto the rice and bean mixture instead of allowing the dish to cook in unison - I would have enjoyed it more if the pork had time to infuse the rice a little bit more.  A successful concept but execution could have been better.We also had the Ropa Vieja ($18.00) which is another skirt steak, but shredded and served with vegetables and rice and a cool looking plaintain chip (deep fried) as garnish!  Cool presentation!!  The steak was fabulous - I enjoyed it a lot!Last was the special for the night - a fish entree (can't remember if it was a snapper or tilapia) - it looked great, with a creamy sauce, some healthy looking greens and a green sauce.  I tried a bit of the fish and it was cooked beautifully - flaking easily with a fork - great texture - not too chewy but enough so you knew you were eating some good protein!  I'd try this again the next time for sure.~ 4 stars overall for the food, 3 stars for the Masitas.We passed on dessert since MChiu and I were eager to get into the cigar bar and smoke a cigar and have some after dinner drinks.  MChiu got a bourbon (Maker's Mark) while I got a single malt (Lagavulin) and we each got a Padron cigar and settled down and regaled ourselves with stories (Thanks Denniseo for putting up and inhaling all that second hand smoke!!!).  The cigar lounge is great (though it could do with better artwork!!!!!) - in the summer, there is an outdoor area which would be wonderful on a warm summer night - I look forward to that!!!~ 4 stars for cigar lounge!Overall, great evening with good friends.  It's always welcome when the food and ambiance make the experience with friends seem better and more memorable.  For this and all the reasons described above, I give La Bodeguita Del Medio 4 stars.4 solid stars overall!# 49
<review# 1765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2009,4/28/2009,942,253,21,39,35>*This update is for the Radiation Therapy Department in Stanford's Cancer Center.*Today was the last session of radiation therapy after 5-1/2 weeks of daily visits.  With the exception of weekends and holidays (Christmas Day, New Year's day and Martin Luther King Day), I went every single day since 12/18/08.  I was even there getting radiation on my birthday in December.  I could have taken my birthday off but I decided not to so that I could finish the course in a timely manner.The daily schedule went like this:  arrive before your daily appointed time slot and change into a 100% Karen Neuburger super soft cotton gown (karenneuburger.com) and take a seat in the patient waiting room to read or do a puzzle until your radiation therapist comes out to get you.You are then led to the radiation therapy suite where the radiation therapy team assigned to you has the glass table ready for you to lay down on with the custom forms that help align you properly.  After some adjustments to make sure you are in line with the measurements required, your team leaves and you wait for the treatment to start.  Soothing instrumental music wafts through the treatment room while I am being radiated.  After this is completed, a free parking pass is given to you and you are good to go.Once a week you will see your radiation oncologist on one day and a resident on another day since Stanford is a teaching hospital.  In my case I also had to get blood drawn once a week as well (upstairs in the lab on the first floor of the Cancer Center).The most wonderful radiation therapy team took exceptionally wonderful care of me during these long weeks.  The radiation oncologist I have is the best ever in the world!  I am grateful for their professional and nurturing care!  If you have cancer or know of someone that does, go to Stanford's Cancer Center.  You will have access to world class minds and caring staff...I know because I'm still a patient of this center.  Next month Stanford's Cancer Center will be celebrating five years of the best cancer care in the world!  I am very grateful indeed...
<review# 1766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2009,4/27/2009,26,62,6,9,9>Hubby & I went here for the second time Sunday.I must say, even though we had only been there once before, it felt like we were regulars there and had been there a billion times. My hubby had the BBQ Ribs over rice or # 40 and I had BBQ steak n shrimp # 39. The best things about this place are:1. The food comes out SUPER fast.2. The waiters don't bother you much. They get your food and thats about it. They leave you while you eat.3. It seems like all of the food is made by a Vietnamese grandma in the kitchen, meaning authentic and goooooood.4. Our bill is always less than $20 before tip and we leave totally stuffed.
<review# 1767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2008,4/26/2009,676,1583,6,6,7>After Santa Ramen, I needed something sweet to calm my palette. Froyo it is! So after a quick search on the blackberry, up popped up Yogurtouille.First of all, can I just give it 5 stars for the name? Super effing cute.Secondly, I like the self serve idea.So you walk in, grab your cup (whatever size you want) and fill 'er up. They have about 8 different flavors of froyo (original tart being the best of course, but the guava is to die for as well) and then you head over to the toppings bar, COMPLETE WITH SNEEZE GUARD!I always load mine up with mochi and fruity pebbles.. Then head over to the cashier and let them weigh it. they charge you 35cents per ounce. I left happy eating the creamiest, smoothest, mochi and fruity pebble-laden froyo ever.And I don't even love froyo!
<review# 1768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2008,4/25/2009,85,1621,6,11,12>CreoLa's space is pretty intimate and the service was awesome and attentive. I came here for dinner with my cousin and we haven't seen each other in months. Great place to catch up and enjoy our meals. The CreoLa dinner came with salad, soup, main course and including dessert. How could I turn that one down? I had the shrimp, fennel and crab bisque for starters and ordered the Taste of New Orleans (soft shell crab and crawfish etouffe) for my main entree. For dessert, I opted for the french silk pie. I liked the soft shell crab part of my entree but was a little disappointed with the etouffe. Although the crawfish were abundant in this petite serving, the fishiness of the crawfish overpowered the dish. It was quite thick and didn't leave room for any sort of broth or sauce. It was too chunky for my taste. I packed it up to go. However I loved the ceasar salad. I would come back for that. I liked my cousin's entree of the Shrimp CreoLa, very tasty. I'll order that next time. I drank an Arnold Palmer (half lemonade, half ice tea) which was refreshing but a bit sour for my liking. There were some hits and misses but would definitely come back for a second chance, given it was my first time here.  I wasn't expecting to pay $50 for dinner on myself. I found it to be pricy. So be forewarned yelpers, it's not cheap eats!
<review# 1769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2008,4/24/2009,215,101,12,11,11>Having recently moved to Sunnyvale, I decided it was high time to try Saravana Bhavan. Why eat Thai food in England, or Mexican food in China? The same logic applies to the Bay Area's Republic of Techie Indians, and my sources tell me Saravana Bhavan is the place to be.I assume, Dear Reader, that living in a elitist state where you listen to NPR, make enough money to have the government take most of it away, and liberally link posts from Stuff White People Like has made you multicultural enough to know the difference between North and South Indian cuisine. North Indian is what Americans might typically associate with "Indian food." Curries, roti, samosas, naan, tandoori, and generally more meat. South Indian tends to be more vegetarian, rice-based, and...well, I can't tell you more than that really. Setting: Saravana Bhavan (hereafter SB), Sunday night. Many ladies are dressed up in saris, gold jewelry, and the Techie Indian Wife's favorite -- no, favourite -- Louis Vuitton bags. Scene 1: Three Chinese people and one white dude walk into SB. Scene 2: Ask waiter three times for cups and utensils. Ahh, ethnic restaurant service. I feel right at home.Scene 3: Read menu cover-to-cover, still have no clue what the fuck anything is.Scene 4: Order masala (a word I recognize) dosa (because it's on Yelp Review Snapshots), a yogurt thing with fried chickpeas, and biryani (another word I recognize, but had always associated with Middle Eastern food). Scene 5: Chinese guy 1: "There's no way a little crepe [dosa] is going to fill me up."Scene 6: I guess we didn't have to ask for those utensils after all. At least not all of us. Dip dosas in delicious, spicy, flavorful sauces.Scene 7:  Chinese guy 1 is in food coma.Scene 8: Almost $60 for 4 entrees, 1 appetizer, 2 drinks. Not bad, but I kind of expected a no-frills ethnic place to be cheaper.
<review# 1770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2008,4/23/2009,608,477,10,11,10>Very very verrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrry chill spot.A bartender here introduced us to the GALVATRON. Part chilled Goose, part Patron and part Maker's Mark. Goes down smooth but the Patron gets you after a few seconds. WAY strong drink but definitely ask the bartender for this if you're looking for a good time. I'm taking off 1 star for the amount it costs for drinks considering this lounge is in a secluded area in San Mateo. Nothing else going on around it and they shouldn't be charging that much especially if places in the city that are just as prominent are charging less. Galvatron - $11 a shotMixed cocktails off their menu - $8-$12What I do like about this place is that you can order pizza from Seniore's on El Camino and have them deliver it RIGHT to the lounge! haha that's pretty neat. The back patio is a good place to chill and despite the chilly weather, they provide heat lamps. They could use a few more but that's okay. The music is decent -- mainly hiphop, house stuff and they have two TV screens. Last time I was there they played Kill Bill. Hah! Oh and props to the bartender (forgot his name) who gave my friend a beer on the house after having ordered 3 Galvatron shots costing him $33 total. Ouch but thanksss.
<review# 1771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2010,5/13/2011,318,202,7,15,10>I don't know how this place is not getting 5 stars. I mean it's FREE (they do take donations, though) and it's for kids.  Yes, it's not the greatest zoo out there but hey - they try and make this a great place for kids.Now that I'm a momma, I have to find things for my rambunctious little boy to do.  He absolutely LOVES animals and I thought this place would be perfect.   It houses about 20 or so animals, reptiles and fish. The best exhibit is the bobcat exhibit, when the cats are out. But they also have two bunnies and a duck that LOVES quacking. :D They recently opened up a bat exhibit and also have a racoon and peacock exhibits. Not all the animals are out all the time, but there's still enough to see for a 30min-1 hour trip, especially since the museum has tons of things to do for older toddlers. While my boy is still under 1, he was able to enjoy the animals though I'm sure when he's older he'll enjoy the museum portion more.But seriously people...knocking a free place that gives out a great service to the people in the community - why?!
<review# 1772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2010,5/12/2011,206,213,6,7,5>If you know me, i'm not a burger kind of gal.  I came to Jack's Prime as a "sacrifice" to show my love to my fiancee.  This is one of the best "sacrifices" I have ever made in my life!  He ordered the Angry Cowboy which comes with Applewood smoked bacon, onion ring, red onion/jalapeno relish, cheddar cheese and house made BBQ sauce.  If an actual angry cowboy ate this burger, I can't see how he could stay angry for long.  Delish!  I went a little more gourmet and got the Wine Country burger.  Goat cheese, onions soaked in cabernet & balsamic, sauteed mushrooms, mixed greens, tomatoes and the patty seasoned with Napa Valley herbs and Prime burger sauce.  Every ingredient blended so well together, making each bite full of flavor.   Mmmmmmmmmm good!  The best burger in the whole entire world. It is a little pricey for a burger, but you pay for what you get.  Friendly service, a juicy burger cooked to perfection, and a side of fries or salad that comes with the burger.  My waitress was super cool as she let us substitute our fries for sweet potato fries and onion rings at no extra cost.  Normally, it's a $1.50 extra so kudos to our super cool waitress. Don't you love it when you try to show what a selfless person you are and in return the karmic gods show you an amazing burger joint?  I should make sacrifices more often.
<review# 1773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,5/11/2011,137,251,7,7,8>I keep hearing some rivalry between Dojo and Santa and I'm not sure who wins, but they both are good in my book. I discovered I'm not too strict of a critique on food as in, if it tastes good where it leaves you satisfied and you tell yourself you'd come back, that means it is a good restaurant! (Of course you have to keep in mind the quality and experience).Dojo has it's specialty with the chicken gravy mixture added into the broth which makes it very flavorful (including giner/garlic...), but I felt that their SPICE totally covered any of those flavors. Perhaps that's just me since I have a sensitive tongue. I got mild and by GOLLY!!!!! It was making me sweat!! (Maybe it was just that day?? But I was eavesdropping, and people next to me where saying their mild was really spicy too!)I like Dojo's simple but classy presentation of their ramen. They included a big slice of lettuce, one quail egg, some green onions, two slices of pork (which was mighty tender and melted in my mouth), and some saffron for looks. Very pretty. The ramen was something like a pasta's al dente, where it was perfectly crispy and chewy and soft all at the same time. That's how any type of pasta/noodles should be cooked.We tried the garlic pork flavored broth, where I honestly couldn't taste the garlic again since the spice was high. They included whole pieces of garlic which was a nice touch.-Potstickers: 3 for almost $3. UMMM, no thanks. It was just boiled goza in soy sauce....with a little bit of grounded radish as garnish....In the end, just stick with eating some good ramen and yes, be prepared to pay at least $10-15 depending on if you add extra sides/appetizers/drinks. VS.Santa: one plus side is they give extra sides in their ramen such as seaweed, bamboo shoots...which you would have to buy at Dojo. At both places, need the whole party to be seated and a minimum of 8.75 per person. DOJO SAYS: We cannot EAT whole party until the whole party is present. SCARY...........................(refer to picture)Dojo got some Mojo.
<review# 1774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2011,5/10/2011,116,239,4,6,5>This place is a hidden gem on the peninsula. Sure it's not the Academy of Sciences but it is still a great place to take little kids. Why? Well it's small so it's not overwhelming nor exhausting to spend a few hours (or even the day) here.  We brought our 6 month old last week and she had a great time looking at all the animals. It was a beautiful day to go and it wasn't crowded at all (probably because it wasn't the free Sunday day). I would hate to be here on a crowded day because the exhibit areas aren't very big. Tickets are reasonable - $8 for adults (although it's an additional $5 for parking). The science part of the museum (with all the machines for the kids to experiment with) is probably more appropriate for kids who are a  little older. But my husband and I still had fun playing with them and figuring things out. It's a fun family place to go for the day without having to drive to SF. Definitely look forward to going back as my daughter gets older.
<review# 1775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,5/9/2011,574,428,7,7,9>monday night ( aka my friday)cheese fries (bacon cheese & green onion covered fries)and you pick appetizer platter with mozzarella sticks, buffalo chicken strips& onion ringsDelicoso! pumpkin cream cheese pie to go = Happy Fuckin Friday PiDayService was so/so I felt like our waitress was treating us like kids when she put our food in togo containers for us with her hands and a fork from the table....that was a lil weird but whatever all in all a good experience minus one star for not having the muthafucking pie i wanted (dutch apple)i love pie.
<review# 1776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,5/8/2011,301,352,5,8,5>Bumping this place up a star because I had seriously excellent service last night. I called ahead and ordered because I was tight on time, but then couldn't find parking for maybe fifteen minutes. The manager was kind enough to tell me that next time I wanted take out, I could call in and he would just run the food out to my car. Awesome. Much better option than trying to find parking in downtown Palo Alto at 830 on a Thursday. Also chicken schwarma wrap was so so good. Definitely the best thing I've had from here, and way too much food for one meal. $16.50 for two.
<review# 1777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,5/7/2011,118,299,6,7,5>5 stars for being an au naturel steakhouse!!We had a suspicious feeling when we pulled up and there was not a parking attendant. We walk in and there was not a hostess and 2 customers in the bar. There was not a single other client in the main dining area. Total capacity of 325. Hmmmmwell, were we pleasantly surprised!Sourdough bread was yummy. Served nice and warm.Crabcakes- full of crab meat. very Little bread crumb fillers. nice :)Bone-in rib eye steak- this plate was massive. 20 oz of beef! Accompanied by Brussel sprouts and spicy broccolini. Definitely worth $34 by volume. However the meat isn't the most tender we have had (I'm thinking Chicago-style steaks nom non nom). It had more of a new York steak consistency. It did had good flavor, nicely grilled. My husband says it only deserves 4 stars at bestBar- modern with red accents. good HH menu. Nice modern glass fireplace. Will come back for the patio. There is a big 20 foot waterfall/screen where they project games. Nicely landscaped. Winning!Waiter was knowledgeable and friendly, patient.4 stars for the food. 5 for being organic :)
<review# 1778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2011,5/6/2011,139,177,2,3,4>So very very pleased to learn that the crew and the brew here have gotten even better since I've been away.  Stopped in last week for the first time in almost two years and the owner recognized me straight away, talked up some new beans, and gets another thumbs up from this reviewer!
<review# 1779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2011,5/5/2011,439,150,8,5,2>This is the kind of week it's been: my 9-month old kid gets me sick with something she caught from daycare (baby coughs are adorable but absurdly effective disease carriers), so I leave work early on Monday. On Caltrain the conductor comes along and I realize I've lost my pass and driver's license. I get kicked off the train, of course.I spend all day in bed Tuesday and also pretend to be sick/asleep at 5am on Wednesday when the kid decides that it's time to wake up. When I finally crawl out of bed and make it up to SF, it's pouring rain. It's pretty clear that my lost stuff isn't going to resurface, and I've been dreading the DMV visit the entire time.This morning (Thursday), I arrived at the DMV shortly after it opened with no appointment and was out of there in 20 minutes with my temporary replacement license. I'm not sure how a DMV visit turned out to be the pleasant surprise of the week, but things are definitely looking up.
<review# 1780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2010,5/4/2011,321,372,7,22,17>In and out within ten minutes. $60 for a new screen installed and it comes with a 90 day warranty. Fast, very nice, efficient. Win. My Iphone no longer slicing my fingers cus I am too lazy to fix the screen: priceless.Yay!
<review# 1781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2011,10/27/2011,125,68,3,4,3>My fiance and I have been here a couple of times, and we've never had to wait for a table or service. Last time we came by we ordered the arroz con pollo. Oh man that was soooo good! We also tried the fried calamari and the ceviche both equally delicious.I love Cha Cha Cha! You gotta try their Sangria as well although it could get very addicting...Definitely check it out if you are around downtown San Mateo!
<review# 1782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2011,10/26/2011,364,222,4,7,7>Yes, it's damn expensive but it's worth every dollar I spent here.  I highly recommend skipping the regular typical items that most Japanese restaurants have here in the bay area and go straight to the sushi bar.  Order right off the specials on the chalkboard and you won't regret it.We ordered some nigiri that I've never tried before but it was worth the experience.*Amber Jack*Butter Fish*Some hamachi -  I forget the exact name!*Salmon sashimiAll fish were super fresh and we were even advised that some of the nigiri didn't require soy sauce.  I was skeptical at first because I was scared it might be a little fishy without the soy sauce but it really was scrumptious without it.I really like Sushi Sam's!  If not for the price I would probably eat here more often.
<review# 1783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2011,10/25/2011,694,903,6,8,6>Holy Cow - the sandwich sizes here are CRAZY!SHARE them~ super tasty and the atmosphere has a great warm fuzzy neighborhood-y vibe.4 small tables outside to sit in the sun but keep in mind you are basically in a suburban neighborhood not a retail street with lots of people  watching.Lots of sandwich types to choose from and, of course, make your own. Their BLT is their biggest I believe - their spreads and turkey were very good. If ever in the area I highly recommend~
<review# 1784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2011,10/24/2011,33,231,2,4,3>Shout out to a good friend for planning a dinner here one night and introduced me to this awesomeness. For first time yakatori or izakaya-type eaters, it's best to go to with someone who'll order for you! It is a bit tricky ordering the right amount, because sometimes people will eat 1 skewer of each, other times half.  My favs so far: Sumika salad, chicken skin, kobe beef, enoki mushroom rolls, oyako-don (my favorite of the favs), fried garlic, chicken karaage (yuuum!). It is a great place to hang out and try some of their many types of sake.  Not sure what to try? Just ask them for a recommendation!A Must - DESSERT! Frozen custard is THE BESTEST. Maybe even eat dessert first. Hmm, now that's a thought.
<review# 1785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2011,10/23/2011,181,676,10,13,11>If you like olive oil or balsamic vinegar, this is your place.  They've got dozens and dozens of flavors of olive oil and balsamic vinegar, all set up for you to taste.The owner is super friendly and helpful, and will recommend all sorts of blends to go with your salad, chicken, bread, or whatever.The only downside is that you can only try a few swigs of oil or vinegar before your palate is wiped out.  Bring something to drink that can wash away the flavor so you can appreciate the next sample!There's a huge variety of flavor, from the freshest California olive oil, to super-aged, sweet balsamic vinegar. -- I was actually really strangely impressed with the strawberry balsamic!
<review# 1786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2011,10/22/2011,128,133,11,9,7>Ah, fix itAh, fix itOoh baby, babyBaby, babyOoh baby, babyBaby, babyGet up on this!Ow!  Baby!Sal the Magic Man's here!(Now wait a minute, y'allThis review ain't for everybodyOnly the sexy calved peopleSo all your fly boots that don't fit, can danceDance, I said!)Sal and Burlingame Shoe is here, and he's in effect,Want you to fix it, babeRepairin' by day, fixing shoes, working up a sweatC'mon girls let's go show the guys that we knowHow to become number one in the hot shoe showNow fix itAh fix it- fix it goodAh fix it- fix it real goodAh fix it- fix it goodAh fix it- fix it REAL goodIn keeping with my Salt N Pepa Sal reviews, I must update: HE DID IT AGAIN.Maybe I should have chosen Britney....I received a pair of lovely black Enzo boots for my bday (thank you kpetfhar!!!).  Said boots were selected not only for their edgy, arse kicking beauty but also to fit my ham hocks.  Which of course did not fit and disappointed my gift givers, who promptly told me they were returnable.My reply? "FEAR NOT!  I HAVE JUST THE MAN FOR THE JOB!"Sal had my boots fixed within the week and they've been looking all pretty on me ever since.
<review# 1787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2011,10/21/2011,89,414,8,5,4>Beer.  The end.No really.  Beer.  The most amazing German beer you never had tasted or heard of before.   I am constantly blown away by quality and selection.  Oh, the food is good too.   And Volker, the owner, is one top-notch gentleman.Beer.Not really an update but just had to reiterate what I had already said.
<review# 1788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2010,10/20/2011,415,436,4,7,6>Came here at the recommendation of a friend and I was itching to try the sushi. I arrived just as my party got seated, and we decided to order the sashimi+spicy tuna roll dinner (comes with miso soup and salad) and a tomi special roll. The soup was surprisingly good although a bit on the salty side, and the salad was delicious with the white Japanese salad dressing that tastes pretty fattening (mmm). After reading about the fresh buttery melt in your mouth sashimi, I was a littttttle bit let down when our meal came. Don't get me wrong, the salmon sashimi was flavorful and very fresh, but it wasn't as soft as I wanted it to be. I wasn't a fan of the tuna and didn't even really want to finish the last piece. The spicy tuna roll was actually very good though; very spicy, chock full of tuna wrapped in sushi rice. The 6 pieces that come in the meal are big and definitely fill you up. The special tomi roll was good too, with slabs of fresh sashimi topping salmon wrapped in sushi. The sauce is the orange sauce a lot of Korean sushi places use to flavor up / make up for the lack of fresh sashimi, but in this dish, it complemented the roll perfectly. This roll is also spicy, so make sure to have that green tea at hand.Service was fast and friendly, and parking was a cinch. I want to come back to try more of their rolls and sashimi!
<review# 1789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2010,10/19/2011,492,228,6,6,10>Dear Artisan Wine Depot,Just wanted to confess my undying love for you and your staff because:1. you're so close to my work and you make it so easy and seamless2. parking is hassle-free3. you folks know your wine/beer/other liquors and share with us in the most laid-back but to-the-point manner4. you have great prices and dealsLove,A borderline die-hard fan of Artisan Wine Depot
<review# 1790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2010,10/18/2011,74,184,5,10,5>Holy cow, that was a good burger!  I got the Soprano's Ultimate Burger, it was so juicy it was dripping, and the toppings were delicious.  My husband got the Untouchables Burger, and while it was way too spicy for me, he loved it.  The kids enjoyed their mini-burgers too.The place is really small and filled up quick, so I strongly recommend making a reservation.
<review# 1791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2009,1/27/2010,896,808,19,22,23>After reading all the 5 star enthusiastic reviews for Sibby's, maybe my expectations were too high. When my friend asked me where she should get cupcakes for her son's birthday party, without hesitation, I recommended Sibby's - even without ever trying Sibby's - based solely on all the Yelp hype.So I was excited to try them at her son's party. Luckily, she got a variety of mini cupcakes, and some other eager cupcake-eating guests and I were able to sample several varieties including (and listed in order of my preference, chocolate-lover that I am):* Grandma's Chocolate Tea Cake - Chocolate cupcake with cream cheese/chocolate chip center, topped with chocolate frosting* Chocolate & Cream - Chocolate cupcake with vanilla cream cheese frosting* Butter Cup - Vanilla cupcake with vanilla buttercream frosting* Lemon Drop - Light lemon cupcake with lemon buttercream frosting* Carrot Cinnamon - Carrot cupcake with cinnamon cream cheese frostingI found the chocolate and vanilla cake to be fresh, moist, and tasty, but the cupcakes overrated (I actually like Sprinkles better). The frosting was too thick for my taste, and I know that's subjective. The chocolate frosting wasn't the dense dark kind that I favor, so I scraped part of it off.I am curious to try the Super-Chewy Chocolate Mini Cupcakes Maybe I would like the frosting on those better; it's described as "glossy dark chocolate frosting," which sounds more my speed.
<review# 1792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2009,1/25/2010,61,82,7,14,12>I have been going to Diana for about a year now, and decided to follow her when she and Ari moved to open a "new" salon in Menlo Park.  By new, I mean, they took over the salon part of a spa that has already been there, and boy is it cute!  What a great location too! They painted the walls, got new furniture, decorated the heck out it-- and put up a nice flat screen TV! Ari and Diana are fabulous, down to earth, stylists.  They are popular too, and can be harder to get an appt with than my own dentist!  Haha, that just goes to show their loyal following.   I used to go to a she-she salon in downtown San Jose that was pricier, but my color would fade and my hair often turned brassy in a few weeks. Diana knows my hair better and it hasn't happened since I've been going to her. I wish them the best in their new venture; but hope they don't become too popular so I can still get an appointment sometime this year!  Haha!  Kidding! Check them out!  They don't have the credit card machine up yet, so they only take checks/cash for now. Look across  from the Starbucks to find them.  Tell 'em I sent you and get 25% off, and I will too the next time! :)
<review# 1793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2009,1/24/2010,76,236,4,6,6>I'm so happy to have found Yuzu. It's one of those rare places where you feel like a welcome guest from the minute you walk in, I felt like I had eaten here for years so five stars just for the warm, friendly and attentive service.I gingerly ordered two rolls, which I always start off with just to see if it's worth ordering more. The fish was fresh, the rice perfect and they were beautifully made. I quickly followed with another order of the delicious spicy tuna, a perfect California roll and a few super-fresh tekkya nigiri just for good measure.Having done the sushi menu justice, I settled down to watch the cooked dishes passing by to other tables. It all looked delicious and the set menus seemed to just keep coming. That is so on my list for the next visit!While the restaurant is smallish, it's clean and comfortable and seems to be very popular with the Japanese. A well-deserved five stars for this restaurant and its charming staff.
<review# 1794,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/27/2009,1/23/2010,1379,168,8,10,8>Yep. When I came here with JM, I didn't expect much- I just wanted some buns!  So we ordered shen jian bao (pan-fried pork buns), sweet potato cakes, xiao long bao (XLB), wontons in red chili oil and... and JM ordered crispy eggplant.The sweet potato cakes came first and they were absolutely unexpectedly delicious!  Thin crisp outer shell with a chewy sweet potato inside!  I was pleasantly surprised!The crispy eggplant was next and I was in heaven!  The eggplant is cut into circles, tempura'd, then tossed in sweet chili garlic sauce!  Amazing!  The flavour and texture is aweeeesome.Next came the xiao long bao, and they were pretty tasty.  Not as good as other places, but decent.  The meat was a bit too thick and there was not enough juice in the bao itself.  But still satisfied the craving. :)Then the shen jian bao... they looked really tasty, but there was more bread than meat and the flavour was not FABULOUS.  These did not satisfay my craving. :|And then the wontons in red chili oil, which had an awesome flavour- they add orange zest to it, but this as well did not satisfy my craving.But truly, the sweet potato cakes and the crispy eggplant are enough for me to want to come back.  Just learned the lesson that we should simply order the dishes next time, not the buns (but I'll still order xiao long bao!)Noms... :)  The full video will be posted on tastytwosome.com sometime in the near future. :)See you on twitter! @tastytwosome @ladyleet
<review# 1795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2009,1/22/2010,96,109,5,8,6>How has this place not been reviewed yet! I've been going to this florist since high school. I love their boutonnieres; They are so well made and their corsages are simple and classic. My sister got her bridal bouquet here and I was a big fan. I also like that the lady works quickly. She is very professional and will listen to you to make sure you get exactly what you are looking for.I highly suggest coming here when you need a good florist.
<review# 1796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2009,1/21/2010,505,313,3,7,4>We stumbled upon this restaurant looking for some booze at Gordon Biersch. The huge happy hour sign in front caught our attention (exactly what we were looking for on this Sunday evening) and we moozied on in. Lucky for us, it's not only happy hour, it's 50% off all drinks AND food w/seating anywhere Sunday and Monday. We plopped down immediately and ordered snacks and the ushhh. I was so impressed, I brought my parents the following day to join in on the amazing steal! Oh, and the ambiance, trendy date place. Very dim lighting, my kind of place ;)Recommendations:Naan (the last one on the list with the dip)Tofu spicy entree (not the real name but the waiter will know what you mean)Do not recommend:Scallops appetizer
<review# 1797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2009,1/19/2010,50,154,6,8,8>I have subsequently stepped up my frequent dining at Chef Chus and now order take out from here at least once every two weeks.  I did however actually dine at the restaurant last week and was very delighted with the experience.I ate upstairs and ordered the hot and sour soup, Ma Po Tofu, chicken salad and the jumbo prawns with candied pecans.  Service was impeccable with our waiter being very funny and the support staff constantly checking for tea and water.  I think we had our tea pot refilled twice during dinner.  The best part however was the dessert of ice cream - one scoop mango, one scoop lychee.  The lychee flavor had chunks of lychee inside which brought out even more flavor.  In sum, I am convinced that Chef Chus is the place for Chinese food (dine or take out) along the Peninsula.
<review# 1798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2009,1/18/2010,381,291,5,6,5>I'm sad it took me so long to try out this place. Ever since leaving the proximity of Cafe Pro Bono, I've been struggling to find a decent Italian place near my downtown Palo Alto office. Osteria just doesn't cut it, folks.I came here to take a candidate out to lunch on a Wednesday.  Definitely not too busy around 12:30, which is a plus.The bread was soft on the inside, but had a harder crust. It comes with a tomato paste. I liked it, but my coworker didn't care for it.For appetizers, go with the Affettati della Casa. It's just a nice collection of cured meats, olives, and rosemary focaccia bread. I'd also add the mozzarella.One of my friends who raves about this place claims they have the best pizza in Palo Alto. Thus, I tried the Pizza con Salsiccia Piccante, which in English means a pretty good Neapolitan pizza with spicy sausage and artichokes. Definitely not a bad pizza, but I thought the sausage and artichokes dominated the flavors too much. Next time I come here, I'll stick with the Margherita.Four stars, because if you like Italian food, I'd encourage you to come here.
<review# 1799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2009,1/17/2010,90,150,3,8,6>Damn!  We recently came here and this place was packed at 5:30 p.m. -- F the recession!  We went with our party of eight, which included seniors and kiddies, and everyone left satisfied.  The kiddies were happy with the mac and cheese, the crispy fries that came on almost all the plates, and the oreo sundae.  The Chinese grandparents liked the hearty portions of well-seasoned charred beef.  Hubby and  I enjoyed the perfectly cooked seared salmon with asparagus and French dip sandwich.Service was friendly and efficient.  The one glitch we encountered was that there were no high chairs available when we arrived since tons of families were dining at that hour.  However, the manager came and apologized for the inconvenience and assured us that one would be brought over as soon as one was made available.  All in all, this is a nice, solid restaurant - one where you can easily take your picky eaters (e.g. my father-in-law).
<review# 1800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2009,1/16/2010,570,972,8,6,8>Great small restaurant on Santa Cruz featuring Kurdish (Middle Eastern) food.  Got to try the falafel entree and the lamb casserole; food looked and tasted very authentic. The flavors were well-balanced and not overly spiced nor pungent. But the real show here is the waiter / owner. The man runs the show himself and is ridiculously hospitable and charming. He even hooked me and my buddy up with an extra falafel so that we "would not brawl in his restaurant over the 3rd one."  Great service and food at respectable prices is hard to find but Silan definitely got it.
<review# 1801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2014,7/12/2014,55,85,6,8,6>I went to the Refuge in Menlo Park and in San Carlos within several weeks of each other....  perhaps I was seeking Refuge from the onslaught of healthy and blah dining in my life.  Perhaps I was craving that thick, hand carved pastrami to make even the strongest of appetites quiver with anticipation.  Their sandwiches and burgers are full bodied, and are no joke.  If you consume everything, expect to be stuffed like Violet Beauregard from Willy Wonka (blueberry girl).  - Barbacoa nachos:  Yes, yes, and yes.- Goofy Fries:  Could be overwhelming if you are eating another heavy item.  .....Great for noshing as an appetizer paired with a beer.- The Toasted Slaw #18:  A must-eat for any pastrami lover.  Thick, juicy slices of pastrami!- Seared Tilapia Sandwich:  One of my personal favorites, perfect balance of fresh veggies and wonderful fish.- Casse Croute:  A MUST for any cheese lover...this thing has more brie ooze than you would even know what to do with it.- Mole burger with bacon:  I am intrigued.  The Menlo Park location is newer and has several TV's... it's a great place to watch a game with friends.  The San Carlos location only has one TV in the corner, so visibility is limited.  Both are in quiet downtown locations with plenty of nearby (and free!) parking.
<review# 1802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2014,7/11/2014,21,192,5,6,4>Now that we have longer evenings and warmer weather, it's a perfect time to check this out. We went tonight and thoroughly enjoyed it. Nice selection of food trucks, live music, a decent amount of seating (folding chairs), friendly people, everyone having a good time. Just look out when the bullet train goes flying by! WHOOOOSH!!!!
<review# 1803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,7/10/2014,218,196,7,11,12>There's a reason this place is poppin'! Actually, there are many reasons for the popularity of this authentic Italian restaurant. The vibe when you enter is chic yet homey. This is due to the charming, friendly and warm owners. The food. Oh, the food!!! Burrata eggplant and tomato dish was fabulous. The zucchini balls were lovely. My beet gnocchi was inventive and pleasing to the taste buds. My friends porcini pizza was good, but could have used a tad less truffle oil. (I'm not a fan of truffle oil. If you don't know why, please read my review of Umami burger.) Dessert was incredible. Carmel gelato with olive oil was nuanced. This is definitely a must during your visit. The Panna Cotta was also lovely. So lovely!!Maico, one of the owners, chatted with us a while and even brought us lemon drops on the house because it was my friend's birthday. She took a sip,but I'm a strict no alcohol girl. We tried to pretend to drink it so as not to offend this kind gesture. However, Maico realized we didn't drink it and offered us cappuccino instead. So sweet!! We had to jet off to the spa, otherwise we would have stayed for hours to bask in the energy that is too often lacking in Palo Alto.
<review# 1804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,7/9/2014,31,139,7,9,5>TL;DR - Best ramen on Castro. Go. Wait no. Don't go. This is my secret ramen place!All ramen is different. For reals. There are clear broth ramens, tonkatsu, shoyu, miso... etc. And each ramen shop SHOULD be specializing in a certain kind and not jumping all across the board. Its like going to denny's and expecting all their burgers to be delicious. Its just not going to be as good as say..say Namu or a specialty burger joint. Ya feel me?So haters keep hating, cuz the people who know ramen, know this place is the knees of the bees. And honestly, I'd prefer the shorter wait to get my table, thanks :]
<review# 1805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,7/8/2014,218,243,3,9,6>I found The Pedestal on Yelp and was equally impressed with the reviews and the hours.  It is rare to find a place that is open before work, so I was pleased when I was able to get an 8am appointment.  Overall Dottie was incredibly thorough and professional.  She worked quickly and was happy to chat throughout the process.  Both my services only took half an hour and cost less than what you'd find at other local places.  I'll definitely be coming back.Just a note - Dottie works by appointment only.  Call or text the number to set up your appointment about a week in advance.
<review# 1806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,7/7/2014,349,263,10,17,9>Tin Pot Creamery ice cream is made in small batches using Straus organic dairy and other high quality ingredients. I'm not big on drinking coffee because of the disgusting coffee breath issue. However, I can't get enough of the coffee ice cream at Tin Pot! Don't miss it! Go-to ice cream flavors Four Barrel Coffee, Earl Grey Tea, TCHO chocolate with TCHO nibs/shards are totes amaze. Cinnamon Snickerdoodle earns an honorable mention. Lots of tasty flavors. If you are a fan of salted caramel, definitely check out the salted butterscotch! The ice cream melts fast though, so unless you want it dripping all over your clothes, you gotta eat it in a blink of an eye! Awesome service, awesome ice cream! Get the coffee flavor!It's in the same shopping center as Trader Joe's. Trader Joe's and Tin Pot Creamery? That's my kind of night!
<review# 1807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,7/6/2014,751,680,12,17,14>I've had this place bookmarked for quite a while, and finally had a chance to check it out.  It was a rainy, Friday night in San Carlos.  People are out and about along Laurel Avenue and the surrounding streets, so we weren't sure if the wait was going to be long for this place.All of the tables were filled when we arrived, but the hostess told us some tables will be freeing up.  Asked if it was our first time, and we said yes.  While we were waiting for our table, she said we can look over the menu, and when our table is ready, we can order at the cash register.A few minutes later, a table opened up, we placed our order at the cash register, then headed to our table.Here's what we ordered:-Bressoise (yelp.com/biz_photos/cuis):  A salad with chicken, fennel, celery, figs, herbs, and a red wine vinaigrette.  Fresh and very refreshing.  Nice taste combination.-Moules Frites (yelp.com/biz_photos/cuis): mussels and pomme frites.  A choice of 4 broths.  I got mine with a shallot, white wine, and herb broth.  The mussels were nice and plumb, and the broth was slightly tart, but tasty.  I had no problem finishing it all!-Assiette de Saumon: smoked salmon with dill cream, with sides of capers and sliced radish.  Came with baguette slices.-Gruyere Grill Cheese Sandwich and Fries:  From the kids' menu.  Nicely melted grilled cheese between thickly-sliced bread.  Fries were hot off the fryer!After we were finished with our dinner, we got a plate of macarons.The hostess checked on us after we received our order.  Staff also was friendly, but efficient as well.Really a nice, neighborhood restaurant serving some good, casual French comfort food.  Very approachable menu and staff.We'll be back!
<review# 1808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,7/5/2014,424,202,5,9,6>Over 6 months ago, one(1) of my tires blew out while I was riding my Specialize Globe bike. I spent a couple of months going online trying to see if I could change it myself since my friend (Berni) said it was easy to do so. What he forgot to mention, without the proper tools it's really hard. I have a wrench which was enough to remove the wheel, but no tools to pop the tread off the rim to remove the tubing. Still thinking I will get it done eventually, it sits in my trunk for a couple of months. Finally, a couple of days ago (hyped up in caffeine), I decided to drop by this bike shop a few blocks away from my place (I guess I was just lazy to get my butt over there).PARKING:There is no private parking lot of this shop. Street parking right outside the shop or across the street in the plaza are your option. I got there just in time- a Porshe just pulled out so I got a parking spot right in front.LOCATION:Can't miss it. Counting on the fact that I drive by this place at least once a week, I always see it in my peripheral vision. Big sign: Bike Shop stands out clearly.EXTERIOR:The spot looks like it's been there for years, but it does gives off the impression like it must be employed people with fair if not lots of knowledge about bike of all sorts. Why else would it still stand but looks like a historic landmark?INSIDE:Like a mom-and-pop shop, filled with bikes, bike accessories, gear, etc. Very cool actually (cool enough to do a photoshoot there if you ask me). The first instinct that I wanted to do is venture and browse around to see what they have (even if I'm not planning to buy anything; curious I guess).CUSTOMER SERVICE:I was greeted by a what looks like a biker looking dude that may belong to a motorcycle club (bearded santa clause with a gentle eyes). I informed him that I need replacement tubing for my tire. After bringing my wheel in with tread and tubing everything, he handed over to a younger guy whom took it and disappeared to the back. While I waited during the tire commotion sounds, I browsed a little while made small talk with the gentleman (probably the owner; I am basing this on his instructions given to a lady who sat behind the desk that seems to be working on the books for him). They were nice. Minutes later, the young guy came out and rang me up. He explained that had a pinch flat (he educated me that this meant this flat was caused by a pinch between the ground and the rim of the wheel because there wasn't enough air in the tubing -very helpful!). It came out a little over $20.VERDICT:I left this spot a little bit more knowledge about tires and satisfied. Yes, I would return here.
<review# 1809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2014,7/4/2014,278,685,1,8,3>3.5 stars. Came early for dinner but most indoor seats were taken. So we got a seat outside under heat lamps with a furry skin on the bench and blankets for our laps. Outdoor space is really nice. Too bad it wasn't like 5 degrees warmer. Started with the crispy eggplant burrata appetizer ($7). About six little triangle bites of eggplant battered and fried line the outer edges of the plate while grape tomato halves and creamy delicious burrata sit in the middle with a simple olive oil drizzle. Very good. Then we just ordered burgers ($14+$2 cheese) for the main. Nice big juicy patty topped with caramelized onions and carmody cheese melted on. Served with two slices of garden tomatoes and a large leaf it was a simple elegant burger. Comes with skinny lightly seasoned fries. Also ordered a house lemonade ($3 or $3.50). I think I prefer mine a bit lighter. Overall great atmosphere. Food was solid. Simple and contemporary were the lasting impressions.
<review# 1810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,7/3/2014,292,536,4,8,6>Adobe is a great place to bring your pup -- I've been going to this place since I was a kid and we had 2 labs (they were in Los Altos back then!)Their new and large facility in mountain view is nice, and the care they offer is still the same - now that I've got my own pup! They're open 24 hours, they have a pharmacy and the docs are great. I couldn't really ask for more! They're always there to answer my questions, with knowledgeable staff on hand at all times. They also have an online system now for the pets, which is great to keep track of vaccines, appointments, etc. Some may say Adobe is a bit pricey, but I think you get what you pay for :) and they're awesome.
<review# 1811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2011,12/7/2011,2524,2645,9,10,10>thursday peninsula dinner and drinks...large group reservation...peers trickling in...large pitchers $thirteen.twenty-five...crispy chicken karage starters...thin flat chicken slivers fried good...sample foie gras toast and finding a teriyaki sauced mess...no bueno...carafe of red wine unknown...bottle of sake pouring...feast ready to begin...julienned mountain vegetables delicious...beef tongue great....pork cheeks and belly a lovely chew...standard seaweed salad...wings cooked perfection, but heavy teriyaki saucing...fried onigiri slightly a salty crust and filling...the soboro don even more delicious filler with egg yolk mixing...finding the ramen poor...good noodle chew, but finding basic and black sesame broth not liking....lamb chops simply amazingly tender goodness...eggplant agadashi great sharing...wishing for more crisp charring over egg filled anchovies...drinking sapporo, sake and wine...endless food and impossible to list all....finding few dishes over teriyaki drowning, but skewers and for most part finding great....filling meal at roughly $forty per person...kanpai!
<review# 1812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2011,12/6/2011,182,169,8,9,10>Finally got a couple chances to sit and order off the menu and I have to say that they have the best walnut prawns here!  I've tried walnut prawns at a lot of different chinese restuarants and none of them even compare to Toa's walnut prawns.  And they are very consistant, the last three times we have ordered them they tasted the same and they are crispy everytime.  I'm all about consistancy and Toa has it! :)
<review# 1813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,12/5/2011,210,226,5,7,7>Don't be fooled by the outdoor appearance.  This little gem will surprise you once you walk in.  The restaurant seems small from the outside, but it's a lot larger once you walk in.  It has high ceilings which really open the place up and is outfitted with interesting decor.  There are what seems to be traditional Peruvian decorations hung up on the walls.  There's also a Foosball table in the back area by the restrooms.The place is pretty clean and the prices are pretty decent.  What makes it worth coming here is the food.  The flavor of the dishes are quite powerful and oooh so tasty!If you're looking for a fast paced place, this is NOT your place.  If you're looking to enjoy a nice (large) inexpensive meal at a leisurely  speed, then this is your place. For the record:  We had the fried red snapper and one of the steak dishes.  BOTH dishes were delicious and HUGE.  We definitely had leftovers.
<review# 1814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2011,12/4/2011,127,1093,8,12,9>I've driven by Baji's so many times and didn't realize it was there.  It's in the middle of a more industrial /auto parts strip, and I'd definitely call it a hidden gem.  If it's nice outside, I'd sit on the shaded patio.  Each table is stocked with utensils and condiments, so you never have to ask for extra napkins, etc.Even though they're not open for dinner, they still managed to get a liquor license, which is key for brunch!  They also have smoothies (ask for it without the whipped cream on top if you want it to be lighter).  The smoothie was kind of icy but at least it wasn't overly sugary.Now for food - the health nut scramble had mushrooms, cheese, your choice of chicken or turkey.  They get extra points for not charging extra for egg whites like so many other places do now.  For the accompanying carbs, you can choose tortillas, an English muffin, biscuits, or various types of bread; it's nice to have so many choices.  The breakfast potatoes are sooo good - perfectly browned, well seasoned, not overly greasy.  I couldn't stop eating them...  The waffle was thick, crisped outside, not dry inside, and slightly sweet.The breakfast burrito was filling, with your choice of meat and a side of salsa.  The tortilla was warm and soft/chewy and so good.  The hash browns that came with it were also crisped well.The owners are super friendly, and everyone was constantly checking in to make sure everything was good.   Even though we were sitting outside, we never felt neglected.  It's nice that they're asking how they can make the experience better.  It's defintely the kind of low key, independent breakfast/brunch place I was looking for.
<review# 1815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2011,12/3/2011,466,527,8,8,7>My gf and I have been talking and talking and talking about a way to avoid the high costs of Whole Paycheck and Mollie-kick-ya-in-the-Stones. While those places are good, if I don't visit them regularly, they are overpriced and it seems to get worse with each visit. I've read reviews for B Game Produce a few times, but b/c of the location, I assumed it would be way too expensive. We stopped by this past weekend to check it out and were pleasantly surprised. They have an excellent variety of fresh produce, a wide selection of fresh cheese, some fancy balsamic and olive oils, and some other very nice items. The staff is very friendly, very helpful and it was an excellent experience. Now to the fun part. I don't know about those of you reading this, so I speak for myself. I have a tough time calculating cost as I select items and gently arrange them in my basket. So when I get to the register and see the grand total, I tend to get a quick gut punch when I see the total. I was shocked when the total came out to $12 and change! In fact, Eric (the very nice gentlemen manning the register) and I had a quick laugh. I was telling him about high costs at Whole Paycheck and how that's what got me in his store today and he said "How much do you think the total is today?" I said "I don't know, $28-$30?" "Well, get ready to be happy. $12 and change." It felt good to get all the stuff we needed to cook dinner and not spend nearly as much as we are used to. They also have a wonderful deli with some seriously tasty options. I didn't try the NY Hot Pastrami or the Crab Salad Sandwich yet, but I went there for lunch today and got a BLTA which was off the charts!! I asked for mayo and the guy recommended their freshly made lime Aioli, so I took his advice. So glad I did b/c it adds a nice tartness to the sando. All the staff rock it! Super friendly and helpful, which I am all about! Overall this place is a winner. Oh, and did I mention that they serve Blue Bottle Coffee? Well, they do and it was bomb!!! Have fun with it folks.
<review# 1816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2011,12/2/2011,330,458,4,8,7>Meat galore...  Came here for my birthday dinner with the fam. I wanted to check this place out, since i have heard good things about it.  I was definitely happy I came.  It compared well with the other upscale churrascaria's I have been to.Enjoyed all the different cuts of beef, and lamb that they offered.  My favorite by far was the Picanha sirloin steak (nice fatty marble for extra flavor), the top sirloin was a close second, but the top sirloin with red wine sauce was tough.  Flap steak was surprisingly tender...  The Beef Ribs were a bit dry, but found it cool that they sliced the meat of the ribs also.  Grilled pineapple helped break up the monotony of meat.  Grilled shrimp was a bit dry.  Even enjoyed the chicken hearts!  They bring little cheese rolls (yumm), grilled polenta, and grilled banana to your table, and of course there is the salad bar that looks great, but gotta' save room for the carnivorous delights!They had a central green and red sign that you turn to signify whether you want the servers to offer you more meat, versus individual red/green coasters that I am used to from other spots.Service was excellent.  Always had someone at our table whenever we needed another drink, or if we were in the mood for more MEAT...  Make sure you come with an empty stomach, as you will be rolling out of this place.Definitely will be back!
<review# 1817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,12/1/2011,99,397,4,6,5>I dropped in this place in between shopping at Traders Joe & Daiso because I was starving.  I didn't have much expectations of this place since it was somewhat empty but then again it was around 1:30pm on a weekday so just after the lunch rush. I had the red chicken curry lunch special.  It came with a clear soup with cabbage - the broth was great and not at all bland.  The curry came with a small spring roll (forgettable), wonton skin crisp, a pretty large bowl of curry & rice. The curry was fantastic. It had bamboo shoots in it along with a ton of chicken which made my day. There was so much I couldn't finish it all. The special was around $8 or $9 so pretty cheap for a sit down restaurant. Service was friendly. I'll be back to try their other items!
<review# 1818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2011,11/30/2011,258,441,5,8,6>In the small town of Half Moon Bay... in the late afternoon on New Year's Eve... a smitten couple snuck in the front doors just 30 minutes before closing time.  "We're getting ready to close up so we can get ready for our big NYE party this evening, a private event.  If you know what you would like to order we can seat you, could you work with us on the timing?"  "YES!  Thank you SO MUCH!"  the smitten couple replied.It was so great!  We had tried 2 other places before this (but were turned away) and really needed to get a meal in before our evening of drinking in the New Year ensued!  We were seated right by the window and greeted warmly by our server who Thanked us again for agreeing to work with their timing & said how excited she was about the evening ahead.  It was cute!   We looked over the menu and decided to split the "Chef's Mood" Burger!  OH MY It was an EXCELLENT CHOICE! The beef was tender and juicy even at  Medium Well done.  Perfection!  Sauteed Mushrooms and cheese with Carmelized Onions... YUMMY!  Green Salad on the side gave it that healthy kick that erased any feelings of guilt about eating a juicy burger!  We got a Tunitas Creek Pizza to go as well!  You gotta have SOMETHING to bust out after a full night of drinking!  haha Shredded Roasted Barbecue Chicken, Smoked Gouda and Mozzarella, Red and Green Onions, Hoisin Sauce, Cilantro ...What a great experience we had there at It's Italia!  Returning over and over again in the future!  E 'molto buono!!!
<review# 1819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2011,11/29/2011,145,327,7,7,9>After going to one hair salon to see one hairstylist for the last three years in Socal, I was apprehensive about finding someone who could fill my last hairstylist's shoes.Binh might easily be that woman. I wanted a simple trim with a lot of thinning (I have majorly thick hair). She did my bangs and trimmed my hair EXACTLY, and I mean, EXACTLY the way I wanted it. It was crazy. Who does anything EXACTLY the way you want them to? Have I used the word EXACTLY enough yet?For example, she asked several times if the length was okay or if she should cut more. Score! That is major points in my book -- it's better to ask permission than ask forgiveness, especially with hair.The long and short:- Super friendly, very easy to talk to; sweet woman all around- Prepare to wait; I waited at least 30 minutes until she was free- It doesn't matter if you're getting a trim or a new style: you're going to pay at least $35, not including tip (or maybe that's just me bc of my huge mane)- CASH ONLY!I'll definitely go back but I'm hoping I won't have to wait as long next time.
<review# 1820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2010,11/28/2011,447,342,6,8,8>-Clean-Never Ending Side Dishes-Full size is good enough for 2 people-Delicious beef stew soup-This place not only accepts American Express, but also Discover! Def. coming back.
<review# 1821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2011,5/3/2011,181,676,15,17,16>Just ate here for lunch - I could not believe how tasty my sandwich was, and all I ordered was a simple roast beef sandwich!  I couldn't tell if it was just one thing, or a combination of delicious ingredients that made my sandwich so tasty.  Also, even though I just had a regular size sandwich, (~6"), it was much more filling than the equivalent Subway 6".Only caveat is that I hate to pay for parking.  Thankfully, street parking on Broadway is only 50¢/hour, and you can pay with your credit card if you don't have any change.I really appreciated that, even though they had a stupid Pepsi fountain, they sold Coca-Cola in cans and 20oz bottles.
<review# 1822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2010,5/2/2011,1509,3598,3,8,6>technically, "keigetsu"still a solid dining establishment (chef change occurred 2/2008)haven't been to wakuriya yetwhile i didn't partake in october kaiseki ($78), i could still appreciate the technique and execution from the a la carte dishessushi is high quality, great for the area.service is good.  tea always refilled.*tried chawanmushi -- perfect texture, nice flavor, authentic.*had asari akadashi miso -- nice, not too salty.*tasted the kamo salad, maple farm duck, mixed vegetables, with ume plum dressing -- duck lightly cooked with orange slices between, salad with bonito and great light complex dressing.*sampled the tara misozuke black cod, marinated in miso and grilled, perfect execution, sweetness on point and super succulentlooks like an appetizer size rather than entree ;)*sashimi ala carte five pieces -- tuna, yellowtail, salmon, white tuna and tai snapper...fresh*negitoro roll $16, negi hama roll, and sake maki -- fresh grated wasabi, premium ariake seaweed deep black color and fine taste, good.seasonal selection avail, i.e. uni $10true, no flavors will blow you away, but precise execution should be praised.
<review# 1823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2011,5/1/2011,168,390,4,7,6>For our 10 year high school reunion, we wanted to stay local and hassle free. I don't remember how we picked this place but the price, location and atmosphere was right.At first, there was a lot of opposition to this place. Just a local bar for our high school reunion? I, at first felt the same way, but it is what you make of it. As the date came closer and closer, we had to give the DJ a song list (jams from the 90s and 2K), create a slideshow, and decide on decorations and food. What the VR failed to inform us was that there was a $500 minimum on catering, but we negotiated it to $400 for some meat and cheese plates. It wasn't cheaper than getting Mr. Pickles or Molly Stones so we went for it.We went an hour earlier to decorate the place with photos, balloons and streamers. We tested the DVD slideshow and it worked out well, playing on the two TV screens behind the bar throughout the night.Juan of VR was nice. He provided us some tables to set the food, tablecloths in our HS colors and some complementary shots (grey goose and Petron) to start off the party. While decorating, there were a lot of visitors, who I guess were friends of the staff. A Burlingame police officer dropped by to scope things out, which was weird but he knew the staff as well. The DJ arrived and oh hey, he also went to our high school, but from another class.Then it was time for the reunion to begin. Old classmates began to flow in. The lights dimmed, and music started and everyone was just out to have a good time. We had the place from 7-10PM. When the doors were open to the public, the slideshow ended and we were to take down all the decorations, but other than the photos, there was minimal clean up demanded from us.I had fun and I think it went well. The only complain I have, and from others as well was the $20 minimum for credit card policy that was posted nowhere and dependant on the bartender. It was our reunion. Everyone there was buying drinks left and right. We brought 90+ to this place and I think most people stayed even when the doors were open to the public.
<review# 1824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2011,4/30/2011,77,335,6,5,5>Gelayo Gusto is a family owned gelato shop. I've been here a few times now, and it's now my favorite place to go for a late night snack. They have a good selection of flavors: Cookies and Cream, Pistachio, Chocolate, Green Tea, Butter Pecan, Tony Spumoni, Banana Walnut, Strawberry, Coconut, Espresso, Hazelnut, Mint Chip, Tiramisu, Dolce Deleche, White Chocolate Raspberry, Vanilla Bean and Mocha Chip. They come in 5oz- $3.75, 8oz- $5.75, and 13 oz- $7.50. You can also opt for sorbet: Blood Orange, Black Cabernet, Raspberry and Mango. One topping is $1, two toppings are $1.50 and three toppings are $2.They also offer shaved ice and snacks like burgers, steaks, sandwiches, and salads.
<review# 1825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2010,4/29/2011,115,371,10,15,10>I found LadyParts on Yelp.I called to ask about brake problems and we found a time when I could drop my car off and leave it.  When I arrived, the shop was clean and nice, and every one that worked there was friendly.  I filled out the paperwork and then they drove me back to work.I got a call later that day from the service manager with recommendations.  Sadly, I had ruined my roters so I needed new roters and new brakes (which I suspected).  And I had my 90K mile check up.My car, upon entering, was behaving like an old car - a little grumbly in the morning upon starting and the brake issues.  After her weekend with LadyParts, she's a new  woman.I was treated well, and fairly.  And my husband will now take his car there too as he felt they did a really good job.  And when I was sighing about the bill, which I always do they reminded me of the discount that I get from finding them on yelp.This concept of a woman owned and run auto shop is brilliant.**UPDATE**My husband just took his car in for service.  I asked him what he thought (good job on the work is a given) and he told me, "they are really nice there."  I feel that is part of what sets LadyParts above the rest.  They do a great job fixing your car, but they also take great care of you.  Archie will give you rides - which let me have an afternoon workout instead of picking my husband up, and they treat you well.  Such a simple concept, that many businesses miss.Plus the waiting room is more like a spa than an auto shop.  If I get my oil changed at Jiffy Lube, I refuse to walk in there other than to pay my bill.
<review# 1826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,4/28/2011,125,68,5,8,8>Rin's was the second boutique I went to trying to find the perfect dress. Sara was my consultant that day. I was very honest with her from the very beginning. I had found at the very first boutique a dress that I really liked, but couldn't commit to it because I wanted to see what else was out there. I didn't have a picture of the dress, but my sister did. Sara and my sister managed to trick me, and included that dress with all the other ones I was trying on that day.To my surprise that was my first choice to try on. To me that was a "sign". I didn't think I could find anything better.Sara was really helpful. She chose several different styles for me to try on even though I was only looking for mermaid dresses. I tried 10 dresses, and I had more to go. I wasn't gonna try it on because honestly I had made up my mind from the very beginning. Sara advised me to give it a try, and so I did. That last dress was perfect. My mom and friends loved it, and so did I. I felt beautiful. I still wasn't able to commit to it because it wasn't a mermaid dress, which was what I looking for.I went to several boutiques trying to find a dress that could beat the one at Rin's, but I wasn't able to. I finally went back to Rin's to try it on again, and make sure I still loved it, and of course I did. It was the one. I can't wait to see it. I'll give you an update once I get it.
<review# 1827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2010,4/27/2011,127,1093,2,16,7>I found this place through yelp and met up with my best friend here for a Monday night dinner.  I debated getting takeout for a picnic, since the weather was nice, but I thought we should go for the full experience, at least the first time.  Make sure you call by 9:30am the morning of the dinner to reserve a spot.  It's $15/person, pay at the door. I was expecting it to feel like a kind of hippie atmosphere, and it kind of was that way.  Everyone was super welcoming and nice.  There are a lot of regulars who all know each other, so it's a nice community of people who are very environmentally friendly and conscious of what they put into their bodies.  I have to admit, though.. the atmosphere reminded me of when I used to serve homeless dinners in a church, but everything was very clean.We started with a warm garbanzo bean soup that had bits of carrots and onion in it.  It was very hearty and satisfying.. very filling with all the garbanzo beans.  For the main dinner, we had a lightly dressed local tomato and mixed green salad, a summer vegetable moussaka, a brown rice and cabbage pilaf, and steamed cauliflower.  The moussaka was my favorite. I'm not sure if they used a nut cheese or tofu cheese, but it was creamy and hearty.  The squash underneath was also very sweet and fresh, and this was the highlight of the dinner.  The extra sauce was perfect over the rice, which had a nice bite to it.For dessert, we had pieces of "honey cake" at the table, topped with sliced almonds for a nice crunch.  The cake itself was moist and not overly sweet.They're pretty good about portioning things out, so there's very little left over.  What's left over is up for grabs, though.  I was expecting for the servings to be small, but they actually plate up huge portions of everything.  Plus, all the fiber gets to be pretty filling.  Tip: bring your own to go container and take home your leftovers, since they don't provide any because it's not environmentally friendly.Definitely a very different experience.  Not bad for $15 .. very innovative recipes using fresh ingredients, and you walk out feeling very full but not overly heavy.
<review# 1828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2011,4/26/2011,31,134,12,9,10>This classy ass is now fully padded thanks to the pound of butternut squash raviolis I just inhaled.  Probably shouldn't come here more than once a week unless I want to change my handle to Thunder Thighs.
<review# 1829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2010,4/25/2011,182,169,5,7,8>I have only eaten here twice - first time was about 2 years ago (or maybe even longer) and the second time was just the other night. And now I sit and think to myself "Why did it take so long to come back here?"  The food is great and so was the service.When we walked in we got a greeting from the owner who made it feel like he already knew us. And the boyfriend was so quick to pick something out but it was taking me a while to figure out what I wanted and the owner was very patient with me as I tried to figure it out.I ended up getting the prawn burrito and the boyfriend got the super nachos with carne asada. You can either sit inside or outside, we sat outside because it was such a nice night out. We got complementary chips and salsa, one salsa was mild (it actually tasted sweet) and one was spicy. My burrito came out and it was HUGE - it was enough to feed the both of us, then his nachos came out and those were HUGE - they were also enough to feed the both of us.  And the best thing is - both were delicious.  I'll be back, soon :)
<review# 1830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2010,4/24/2011,358,1030,9,10,9>It's really 4.5 stars, because this coffee shop is just one step away from being perfect. That is, if they could install a changing station in the bathroom, they will surely make a lot of mothers happy campers. We'll probably start having our weekly playdates here.Anyway, I'm a big fan of Kaffeehaus. I'm fond of its rich and fragrant drinks (mmm, latte!), as well as the sweets (cakes!). The atmosphere is calm and inviting, and the service is warm and friendly. The owner always welcomes us with a smile, and the staff never seems to mind the orchestrating cries of our little ones. SUM: Forget Starbucks. Ignore Peet's. Downtown San Mateo only needs one cafe, and that's Kaffeehaus.
<review# 1831,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/23/2008,3/20/2008,218,378,19,25,26>after i purchased a package of haupia instant mix, i started to get hungry from the aroma that was coming from this nook of a space, inside the takahashi market where they grilled & broiled chicken, fish and meat and where they cook the rice as well.the "special board" menu caught my eye instantly because of the butterfish shioyaki. so i told one of  the courteous takahashi family member that i want the butterfish with a side of the lobster salad.i went back again to the register and paid this time my lunch in a styrofoam box.hungry and excited, i ate my food in the car that was still parked at their parking lot.the rice was steaming hot alright, however, the tiny 3 pieces of the butterfish were quite "fishy" to taste. was it not fresh???..i do not know.was it not clean right???..i do not know. what do i know!? at that moment, all i know was that i'm starving and i have to eat. though these pieces of fluffy, smooth butterfish were rightly salted & grilled, and that piece of lemon was squeezed bone dry, that odd taste was still there!the measly lobster salad, which it didn't look like it was "part of the meal", but more of a condiment  that you use like a spread on your bread! that was how insufficient that lobster salad in my lunch box.after i scarfed that okay of a lunch meal, that fishy scent was stuck on my upper lip! so i figured that i will never going to get this dish again.this was not the only item posted on a white paper with colored pictures and their prices, but they also have: grilled teri chicken, baby back ribs, kahlua pork, pork lau lau, more shioyaki (salmon, saba), mochiko chicken (my fave, but i did not get) lunch plates, bento boxes, musubi (spam, salmon), sushi, lomi salmon, and poke (ahi, tako, hamachi & salmon. these items were quite pricey for the small portion they serve. also, they do party trays.for now, i'll just stick to the food store for ingredients and snacks and save my meal money to an actual japanese or hawaiian restaurant.nevertheless, i  still might buy a mochiko lunch plate just to try, since this is my treasured hawaiian plate.
<review# 1832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2007,3/19/2008,97,261,4,5,5>A solid 4, even 4.5 stars. Alana's is my go-to spot for brunch in Burlingame. The wait is usually 15 minutes or under on weekends and luckily there's a bunch of frou-frou stores where I can entertain myself. Breakfast scrambles are fantastic. At just under $10, they're a little on the pricey side, but you know you're going to be satisfied. Service is friendly and freakishly efficient. The only thing that keeps it from being a 5-Star is that it's loud and pretty tight quarters in the back and once or twice the eggs are a bit under cooked. Still, though, Alana's is a favorite.  HINT: Get there before noon if you want to grab a scone! I had a Cranberry Lemon once and it totally rocked my world.
<review# 1833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2007,3/18/2008,46,85,6,7,6>Cobbler, cobbler, mend my shoe,Give it a stitch and that will do.Here's a nail, and there's a prod,And now my shoe is well shod. -- mother gooseUpon entering the shop, everything but shoe repair comes to mind. There is an assortment of crocks, boots, uggs, reef sandals and slippers, chunky wool socks and much more. One would think it a just a shop for shoes and like. But low and behold, in the back, there is a cobble shop complete with work bench/table cluttered with tools of the trade.The bohemian shop keepers know their business and had made recommendations on the repairs for my heels and purses. Now, I have a large collection of shoes; In fact, I have a wall of shoes that I call my shoe shrine. So taking care of my shoes is a priority to me.Anyhow, they were able to fix 2 leather bags one of which was a coach -- the straps broke cause I tend to put a lot of shit in my bags. In addition, they buffed, fixed the leather and added a metal toe tap to my Charles David pumps (which I wear at least a couple of times a week). All this for a fraction of what I would pay for a new pair of shoes or purse! Nice!To find such a gem means more to me than chocolate. And that's saying a lot!!!
<review# 1834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2007,3/16/2008,30,117,,7,6>The Rhythm Lounge is a new monthly swing dance on the 2nd Saturday of each month in Redwood City organized by the same folk who bring you the fun Swing Central dance on Tuesdays.yelp.com/biz/swing-centrI expect this event to be just as successful and enjoyable as Swing Central.  The teachers and the DJs should all be good.  The Imperial Ballroom is not far from Foresters Hall, the Swing Central location, and a great dance floor.The grand opening was Saturday, 12 January 2008 and very well attended.  I highly recommend checking out The Rhythm Lounge.  It looks like a typical schedule will be:8pm - 9pm - Beginner Swing Lessons8pm - 9pm - Intermediate Swing Lessons9pm - midnight - Open Social DancingCheck the website for the actual schedule.
<review# 1835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2008,3/15/2008,65,441,,8,7>I love this place.  Finally, somewhere mellow to have a glass of wine after work in downtown Palo Alto.  The atmosphere is relaxed - love the fireplace and the fact that they use it.  We had a couple of bottles here after work the other night and both were great.  We found the prices fair (and we work in the business) and the selection is interesting.  I wish you could all borrow my friend Ian when choosing wine because he has the magic touch, but if you find yourself here without Ian, order the Antu Syrah from Chile - great value at $28.  They offer a small menu of cheese and charcuterie plates to go with your wine.
<review# 1836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2007,3/14/2008,396,256,4,8,10>SURE...you got Starbucks!SURE...you got Peet's Coffee!Now in San Mateo, you've got Bacio Cafe.   Last Sunday afternoon I decided to enjoy my day by taking a ride through the Peninsula on my bike (couldn't have picked a better day). I was rollin solo, and haven't been around the  Main Street area of San Mateo since the days of 440 BX club back in the late 90's.  I saw the Movie Theatre and on a whim decided to catch The ZODIAC. So, I bought my ticket and noticed Bacio Cafe across the way.  I decided to stroll right in to grab a Medium (or Grande in SB terms) Mocha.  The staff seemed really friendly, and the woman at the register was a cute, cool hip trendsetter type with awesome tatoos! =)  My Mocha was very well prepared and as I sat there for a moment overheard that this place just opened recently.  I didn't have much time to to jump in on their conversation, but was tempted to know more...I think one of the people talking was the owner.  They mentioned a wine/beer bar in the future and later open hours during the weekends...Now if I lived in San Mateo, this would be my new everyday place!   But i'm in San Leandro. =(  So, I ran to catch my movie (which I THROUGHLY enjoyed), and returned to the Cafe after for a Panini I noticed earlier.  Turns out they serve Panini's, too!!!  Prepared in the back!  wow...impressive!  and the Panini was YUM...It was a breast of turkey, lettuce and tomato Panini with this yumy red pepper creamy sauce on the side...     Okay, now I wish I had brought my MacBook with me on the ride cuz I could have spent the rest of that BEAUTIFUL Sunday Afternoon surfing the net or Yelping away with another Mocha at hand (Yes, they Wifi, too).   SO, I highly recommend this place if you live or are visiting the San Mateo Area.It's a great, clean, well decorated cafe without the pretentioius BS you get in some of the ma&pa Cafe's in the Bay Area.
<review# 1837,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/31/2008,3/13/2008,170,169,3,7,3>Not sure what all the negative press wasregarding this place.I was watching the travel channel's bizarre foods show w/Andrew Zimmern(weird guy), and saw his trip to Morocco.I really had an inklin for Moroccan food.I lived near here so decided to roll into Casablanca.GF and I went on a rainy night.Inside we were greeted to pretty decorated surroundings, trying to give us a "feel" of Morocco.  To me, it was kind of like a 1st grade kids classroom w/things painted and decorated in paper mache etc.  Not that silly, but you get the point.Prices were a bit high. 20 bucks for this tiny little game hen that could probably not make 6 mcnuggets.  The food seasoning was watered down to Chad Bradman palette standards.  I could tell that real Moroccan food is much more tart and seasoned than the "turkey club" tasting tajine that we got.Hey, they don't want to scare people away right?And to KEEP people there..they hired this 5'10" leggy persiangirl to walk around in a mid riff baring outfit to dance and shakeher thang to the awed patrons.How comfortable would YOU FEEL. trying to eat your overpriced game hen tajine, while the GF is looking square at you,and you are struggling to not peer at the leggy persian girl trying so hard to get your attention.."Go out there!  Dance w/her...I don't mind"Guys...you know she minds...don't EVER fall for that..."No honey, I would never want to do that" (as my right eye somehow separates from my left and catches a glimpse of the wispy belly dancer dissappear into the bowels of the restaurant..not before receiving a wadful of cash from the gladhanding restaurant owner slash keyboard player..who was busy wondering when he can get her into the backroom, to discuss REAL "dividends" to share.) He had the dirty look of Jack Nicholson on him.The keyboarder/owner(his keyboarding was WAY to loud by the way)..comes over and asks us if everything is good."oh yes..very good!"Just be gentle to your whispy gypsy..okay buddy??Bruises show.
<review# 1838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2008,3/12/2008,92,614,31,4,6>I am writing this review for helpless males who get dragged into this store.Women loooooove this store. The shabby-sheik interior.  The bohemian clothes.  It attracts women of all ages, who can spend hours upon hours browsing through their clothes.   And I'll admit it, my girlfriend looks good in their clothes.  But woe is me, who drives the fuel-efficient car that transports us around the Bay Area, for I have been here too many times to admit.  And unlike the mall, where you can go do some thing else while your partner shops, you're stuck.  The closest store is an antique shop across the street.  So how do you survive?  Given that when you go here, your girlfriend will probably head straight for the left side of the store, where there's all the clothes and sale items, veer right.  You'll pass the cash register, where a sales person will look at you and immediately register that you're here only because you're with your girlfriend and know that you're not a potential sale at all, hence leaving you alone for the duration of your visit.  But, the right side of the store offers some time-wasting benefits, such as cookbooks with only pictures of cupcakes or photographs of bridges.  Take a seat on one of the cushions there, but avoid sitting on the $1000 couch on the right corner, because you could be victim of a 'you break it, you buy it' story or worse yet, be approached by a sales person.If you exhaust all of these books (maybe because you've been here too many times), head to the back of the store, where you can browse through cheeky stationary and miscellaneous things like door knobs.  One thing I enjoy doing is checking the price tags of lots of these items, and laughing at how lavishly overpriced it all is.  Did you know you can buy a candle for $20 with a box that has any letter of the alphabet you want?  Or that they sell toothpaste imported from a European country.  You can sample each of their 30 brands of lotions in the back, but don't use too much, as the flowery scent might give away what you're doing to your female companion (and convince her that she needs some, requiring a long amount of testing on her behalf).  And if you run out of doing things, then you, my diligent male companion, are out of luck!  Maybe take a nap on the bed in the back, but since I've never done this, I cannot say for sure if that is a good idea.
<review# 1839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2008,3/11/2008,137,117,14,7,7>I went down to Woodside to meet with a friend and client who offered to take me to lunch at a place he deemed "Beth-style." Now, this is a 62 year old retiree. I was like, "You think you know what Beth-style is? Let's see this shit." So we pull up to what looks like some kind of rinky dink, newer strip mall. But the door looked cool, a huge metal slap standing out amidst the tan shingles. We walked inside and I was like, "Awww yeah. Beth-style indeed. A fire crackled by the dark mahogany bar, dark red velvet chairs surrounding perfectly set tables, officious waiters in those aprons that go all the way down to their shoes. I love those aprons.Anyway, we were seated near the window and cracked open with the menu. "Cocktail, Beth?"Fabulous! He ordered us an array of starters, the fries being a hit. I'm not the biggest french fry fan, but these were crispy and came in the cutest little bucket. I had the oxtail ravioli, which was fabulous but a lot. It was basically two big lasagna sheets and piled inside and a mound of slow cooked oxtail on a bed of some kind of glorious white sauce. For dessert, we split the French pressed coffee and the cookie plate, which consisted of 6 different flavored cookes, all fresh baked and still warm. Next time, I'm asking for all peanut butter. This is the kind of place I'd love to come to on a rainy afterrnon and hang out at the bar. It's suprisingly cool for the Penninsula, and indeed Beth-style. The only down side of our lunch was that it's really hard to tell a friend/client whom you love dearly that there's no way in hell you'd be willing to sign up for a Catholic Singles Dating site that "really, isn't as bad as it sounds."
<review# 1840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2008,3/10/2008,219,246,15,12,13>I've never been to Pinkberry, passed by a Pinkberry a few times in SoCal but never stopped in to see what the buzz was about.  I guess this place is "bootleg" version of a Pinkberry.They have natural organic frozen yogurt and fresh toppings.  The frogurt has a distinct tangy flavor so it compliments the fruit very well.  I had the "natural" flavor with mango and mochi balls (after reading some reviews for a couple Pinkberrys and other copycat places, it seems mochi balls are the topping of choice).  I actually liked it a lot.  Definitely different than your normal frogurt though.  You gotta like a bit of tang in your frogurt.  I still think I would prefer a fatty frogurt with Oreo cookies, fudge, and toasted almonds.  Maybe that's because I'm a fatty myself.It's a definite recommend, especially if you want a part in the natural frogurt fad thing.  It is a little pricier than your normal frogurt though, but what organic, natural stuff isn't pricier???  That doesn't make much sense to me though.  Doesn't organic stuff require less to maintain?  No extra cost for steroids, preservatives, and pesticides?  Just leave it up to God to grow it, right?  So without the extra overhead, why does the stuff cost more?  Whatev's...p.s. - I'm lactose intolerant however this didn't make me have to potty.  Maybe cuz it's all natural and organic???  Who knows...
<review# 1841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2009,8/18/2009,249,513,6,8,7>just thinking about this place makes my belly swell. dining here requires an empty stomach and most likely to go boxes will be involved. even looking at the menu will make you full. those plastic laminated menus read like newspapers...lots of selection and tempting pictures.with a party of 7, we ordered double calamari, and 3 medium pizzas. pizza #1 was what they called the number 4 (basically like a loaded combo pizza), pizza #2 was the all meat (no explanation needed here), pizza #3 was the veggie (to balance out the all meat pizza). each and every topping was fresh and tasty. all heaped up into a tall pile atop a thick layer of gooey cheese with a doughy, crusty base. imagine a cake with many many layers...this is rainbow pizza.after 2 slices, everyone was slowly surrendering to an inevitable food coma. it is a post-napping experience indeed. their menu also boasts large plates of pasta...perhaps that will be the next challenge.
<review# 1842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2008,8/17/2009,218,255,10,10,10>I've been here 2 times and I've still only had one thing and that one thing is the Butter Corn Ramen.  This is still the only place I've had "real" ramen, rather than the stuff you add a flavor pack and hot water to.  The first time I went there was tons of butter in it, which I thought was overdone, the second time there wasn't as much.  The ramen noodles had a wonderful chewy texture and the corn tasted sweet and fresh.  The restaurant is tiny, but cozy, and you sit side-by-side with other patrons.Oh, and if you like kimchee, there are little buckets on the table, but last time I was there I didn't go near it as my Korean friend was downing it so fast I was afraid I might lose a hand if I reached for it!I will definitely be back!
<review# 1843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2009,8/16/2009,119,268,7,8,7>An organic cafe next to the court house, woohoo! On a sunny day, it's a joyful experience to sunbathe in the outdoor table and chair, and start your day with the delicious breakfast.  The cafe is a tan square box, and dinning area is almost all outdoor.  Their menu is posted on the window.  I had a great breakfast sandwich with English muffin, ham & cheese omelet with herbs (dill?) and a super latte.  The girl who served me was very pleasant.It's far more personal and unique than the nearby Pete's or Starbucks!  This is one more reason why I like Redwood city's downtown.
<review# 1844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2009,8/15/2009,896,808,20,33,27>Seriously?!  Palo Alto has an entire library completely devoted to children?My library-loving son and I will be back to spend more time there and check it out futher.  Unfortunately, we had to leave in a rush yesterday due to a toddler temper tantrum.What I managed to learn:  This library opened in 1940, and was the first free-standing public library in the United States exclusively for children.  It has a variety of programs, including story-time and summer reading.Nearby are other children's attractions, including the Palo Alto Junior Museum and Zoo, Children's Theatre (productions for children, by children), a playground, and an art center on Newell Road.Sometimes those of us who don't live in Palo Alto get irked when Palo Alto residents cop an attitude about how great their city is.  This children's library just might be evidence that Palo Alto is pretty damn special, as much as I hate to say it.
<review# 1845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2009,8/14/2009,506,836,8,11,10>Food is the most important aspect of any restaurant, right?  Well, the food here is outstanding.  I stopped trying to find a good Thai place awhile back because I couldn't find a decent one and bad Thai food is a serious let down.  On a chance, I tried the drunken noodles from this place, and I'm glad I did.Located directly next to Trader Joe's and walking distance from the Wal-Mart, you'd think this restaurant would be easy to find.  And it is easy, once I was able to find Trader Joe's.  I'm not very good at the go-away-to-college-and-come-back-and-remember-­where-everything-is game.  I circled the giant parking lot, weaved in and out of all the buildings, and eventually found the Trader Joe's.  For anyone wondering, you can see the entrance to Trader Joe's if you stand at the entrance to Wal-Mart.  I thought that Trader Joe's was on the opposite side of Wal-Mart since the people who shop at one store typically do not shop at the other.Krung Thai is set up like most Asian restaurants, a host stand beside the front door and a waiting area complete with a couple of chairs to sit in and a big fish tank.  The dining area is pretty big, slightly smaller than a bustling Chinese restaurant serving dim sum.  The loudness is an issue here.They know how to make things Thai spicy but asking for mild isn't the end of the world.  Their dishes have flavor and taste good regardless of the spiciness asked for.The parking lot is shared with Trader Joe's.  I went to the body shop after my neighbor hit my bumper while he was parking, and Tom (my homie at the body shop) said that he sees this a lot, mainly from people who parked at Trader Joe's.  "Which Trader Joe's" I asked.  "All of them" he said.  I have never been hit in the parking lot at a Trader Joe's but it's something to think about.
<review# 1846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2009,8/13/2009,711,1140,13,15,16>From the Harbor bar I noticed a whole bunch of people going in and out of this little business park, you know the type that looks like a public storage facility with gates and garage like office spaces."Oh yeah, you might want to check it out. Last Friday of the month the brewery has a block party", said my newly made friends from the Harbor. Details:No entrance fee, wide age range 25-45's, diversity can only go up for this Belmont crowd. static3.px.yelp.com/bpho People just hanging out in the warm sun kinda vibe. Beer was $8 and includes a Devil's Canyon glass. Bring your glass next time for $4 pours. I didn't try any of the beer as I've already had my share from the Harbor but I couldn't resist the smell of freshly grilled meat. static3.px.yelp.com/bphoThey had a cupcake vendor but as soon as I saw the pesto tri tip I completely forgot about cupcakes. A little pricey at $9, but they were generous with the meat.  static3.px.yelp.com/bphoOverall:It was a little bit too crowded and I have to agree that the popularity has exceeded it's capacity. Devil's Canyon is worth checking out, I'd recommend coming in early and leaving early before the inevitable claustrophobia kicks in. *** and 1/2 Stars
<review# 1847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2009,8/12/2009,111,233,6,7,8>CAUTION: Addiction may occur after first visit. I just adore this cheerful bakery situated in the lovely dwntwn San Carlos. Friendly and chatty staff, outdoor seating, clean and chic decor. Oh and did I mention the cupcakes?Red Velvet : Melt in your mouth cream cheese frosting. What's the description I'm looking for? Oh yes, FREAKING FABULOUS! Key Lime: it's like a sunburst of flavor in your mouth. Perfect summer cupcake, light and refreshing.High Hat: Marshmallow meringue covered with a chocolate hard shell. Need I say more?Go ahead and have a cupcake or two. They're good for the soul!
<review# 1848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2009,8/11/2009,244,522,3,5,6>Wake up Mountain View!!The Gods of Santana Row have blessed our little Castro St. with jewel of a restaurant and lounge.The lounge has the bus terminal layout but looks hip and trendy enough for some swank cocktailing after work. Leave your pocket protectors in the bucket by the door.The original Xanh quickly outgrew its pupal shell and now sports 3 separate dining rooms in decor reminiscent of V bar curtains and Sino appeal.Castro St. is full of restaurants and we have a lounge but these all seem pedestrian compared to Xanh. Cascal was a welcome addition but the food has dulled since opening and the cocktails were never good... si sad.I had hopes of trying the Xanh salad, tuna tartar, shaking beef, garlic noodles and string beans. But, Yana, oh beautiful Yana, with her lilting slavic accent, suggested a different salad as the beef and Xanh salad are very similar in taste. So we ended up with the papaya salad.DELICIOUS - ALL OF IT!!The salad was fresh, crispy and sweetly spicy; piled high on the plate.The tuna tartar was good... but a little flavorless for tuna... the tuna was very light in flavor.Garlic noodles. Dry fried. Crispy sprinklings of garlic slivers and light dusting of Parmesan cheese.Get the SHAKING BEEF!! Scrumptious. Cubes of filet crispy and sweet over a fresh bed of micro greens and sprinkled with fried garlic. FABULOUS!!Service was lacking for nothing. Plates cleared. Water filled. Yana there at all the right moments. She can read your mind.Go. Eat. Love.Thank you Yana.
<review# 1849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2009,8/10/2009,51,286,13,12,10>I received the following gifts from my co-workers:  soothing & relaxing body lotion in Balinese Jasmine scent, a one-hour gift certificate to Massage Envy, a lavender scented "relaxation" candle, and some "Get Relaxed" tea from Republic of Tea.  Hmmm....are these gifts a hint?  Obviously my co-workers were trying their best to prevent me from the stroke I am likely on the way to causing myself.  At least long enough for me to make it until my last day on June 19th.I am very grateful for all of their gifts and most of all for the Massage Envy Gift Certificate.  I had the pleasure of having Hanu as my masseuse, and he helped transport me back to the Hawaiian Islands--he's from Hilo--and helped to rewrite over my horrible honeymoon memories.  Now instead of my memories of Hawaii being filled with nausea, vomiting, and foul odors arising from my body, I will instead remember soothing scents and calming Hawaiian music.  And instead of memories of my new husband steering clear of me except for occasionally touching me only to hold back my hair while I vomited, I will instead remember warm hands all over me.  Ummmm...much better.Thanks Hanu :)  You were fabulous and your hands are amazing.  And now I will remember Hawaii and my honeymoon as I should.
<review# 1850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2009,8/8/2009,492,201,38,24,30>You'd think that a restaurant named after a Japanese brewery would have some beer. Fail. Not only did they not serve any alcoholic beverages, they didn't even have boba! We ordered the eggplant with garlic sauce, pepper salted pork chop, fried flounder, and beef with bitter melon. The eggplant was delicious - huge chunks of steamed purple eggplant, sautéed with sliced bamboo, water chestnuts, wood ear mushrooms, and jalapenos. The garlic sauce was tangy, and slightly sweeter than I'd like, but far less greasy than the usual eggplant dishes. The pork chops were SO GOOD. Pan seared with a salt and pepper dry rub, the meat was moist and tender, and served on a bed of green and red bell peppers, garnished with grilled onions and jalapenos. My dining companions were trying to be healthy and ordered the beef with bitter melon. The tender beef was sautéed with slices of green bitter melon and soy black beans, which looked very appetizing. Our fried flounder was massive! The fish was lightly coated in a seasoned breading, fried, and served with a soy-based sweet sauce. The tangy sauce soaked into the crispy fish, and was absolutely delicious, especially when eaten piping hot out of the fryer. My only complaint was that the fish was served with its tail but no head and it scared me a lot!
<review# 1851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2008,3/8/2009,463,976,10,12,12>After reading Flor D.'s review who hiked the PG&E and Black Mountain Trail, my husband and I decided to start slowly and just hike PG&E.  It is literally all uphill.  The first 2 times we didn't make it to the top but the third time was a charm.  There's one part of the PG&E trail that really is steep where your legs want to give out but once you get over that hump, the rest of the hill is a bit easier with more inclines but additional areas where it's flat.  It is amazing to see how much we hiked and where we were at the start, not to mention an amazing view of the South Bay.  Once you get to the top, it's all downhill from there.  The trail wraps around to the Upper High Meadow Trail  which is 1.3 miles til you get to a fork.  You can either take the Wildcat Loop Trail,  Upper Rogue Trail, or the High Meadow Trail.  Wildcat and High Meadow will get you back to the parking lot while Rogue leads up to the the Black Mountain trail.We did the PG&E trail for the 4th time this past weekend and I was pleasantly surprised that I wasn't a huffing and puffing mess.  I don't mean to toot my own horn but I felt comfortable going 3.6 miles on an incline.  It was my husband and his friend who were lagging behind.  Total time to complete the hike was 3 hours.  Either start early in the morning or at 4 p.m.  The weather was perfect and there was a breeze.  Just make sure to bring sufficient water, energy bar, and wear sunblock.
<review# 1852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2008,3/7/2009,97,261,6,10,9>For an evening that included sneaking out from work, Highway Patrol, a presidential debate and lost lug nuts, Rainbow Pizza was an absolute highlight. After a decimated tire and spending almost two hours on the northbound side of Hwy 280, we were starving. Having heard of Rainbow Pizza before, we found it housed in a Safeway shopping plaza; pretty dead except for the housewives gabbing outside Starbucks. As we walked towards a table in the back, we saw the two Highway Patrol officers, on break and eating at a corner table, and we knew we had found a good spot. Rainbow reminds me of the pizza joints back in the 80s (minus the arcade). Family-run, lots of seating and an atmosphere where you feel like you can be loud and rowdy and enjoy yourself. Across the board, portions are gigantic. With our stomachs grumbling, we ordered garlic bread pretty much before we sat down. For $2.99, we got a half loaf of thick-cut french bread with a pretty darn good combination of garlic and butter (not too much of either) and just perfectly toasted (not too crusty). The pre-dinner snack was rounded out with a large bottle of Baltica, a Russian amber beer. We ordered a large #10 (Salami, Mushrooms, Bell Pepper and Feta; $28.49). Now, we've knocked out large pizzas from our regular delivery haunt. But we could barely get through half of this monster: thick end crust, mountains of mushrooms and piles of feta. Absolutely delicious. Hearty and flavorful and just perfect. From the outset, it seems a little expensive, but it fed us for several more meals. We checked out the website later and there's coupons ranging from $2-5 off.  Any food item that can distract us from a presidential debate is worth a repeat trip.
<review# 1853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2009,3/6/2009,261,194,13,15,14>I've got family members who have come to this place three times within a week's time...they loved it THAT much. And these are people who are in the know when it comes to Chinese food. Of course we had to check it out. So on New Year's Eve, we booked two tables for our party of 28. If you're not familiar with "fire potting," it's basically Chinese style fondue. You dip raw food into boiling broth and eat. My problem with fire pots is that you have to slather food into condiments to give it any flavor. Now I've been enjoying fire pots for ages, and this is the first time I have ever NOT had to use condiments. The broth is amazing; there's so much flavor in it that any food cooked in it comes out perfect on its own. You can order the condiments separately for 50 cents, but really, you don't need to. The msg content must have been relatively low, because I didn't feel all weird and sleepy after dinner. So I don't know what they put in that soup, but it really made the meal.There's a full array of raw food to choose from: veggies, fresh noodles (so good), meats (lamb, beef, organ meats) and a variety of meat balls. The crispy beef pancakes (not sure the proper name) were a hit as well. Order some ice cold beer to cut through the "heat" of your meal - it's going to feel really good going down.If you've never done hot pot, it's an experience worth checking out. I like it better than French fondue and Korean bbq, both of which operate on the same premise...cooking your own food at your table. But like Korean bbq, you're going to come out smelling like your dinner.
<review# 1854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2009,3/5/2009,386,452,19,19,19>Yummy! Tapas! Haven't had a some in a while so when someone suggested it for lunch I was down for an adventure. Immediately after we were seated we started with a pitcher of red wine sangria. I loved it, perfect about of sweetness and the fruits tasted as if they still were very fresh and not as if they've been soaking in the wine for too long. Looking around the restaurant had a fun vibe to it. Vibrant colors, nice ambiance and nice staff. Starter: Bread with a great pesto and olive oil mixture...nice way to get the appetite going!We all decided to do it family style so ordered a variety of dishes so we could taste and experiment: - Wild Mushroom Empenadas- I normally like to eat things with cheese but decided to try a bit of this and found it to be very tasty, just don't think I could eat the whole thing by myself- Eggplant Tian- WAAAAYYY to cheesy for me..NEXT- Octopus Salad- The octopus by itself was not the greatest, I think it was a lil overcooked in my book but when eaten with the veggies it was served with (tomatoes, potatoes, olives) it all complimented the octopus very well. - Steamed Mussels- DELICIOUS, as a huge seafood fanatic I thought this dish was great and one of my top 3 of the night. The sauce made with saffron, white wine, fennel, garlic, ham, cream and tomato sauce was good with the mussels and also yummy with the complimentary bread they place at each table. One of my top 3.- Sizzling Shrimp- Another one of my favorites- 4 large shrimp served with garlic, chile arbol and lime. Simple, clean, juicy and perfectly cooked.- Roasted Sea Scallops- Prob 4th runner up for me. I thought the shitake mushrooms and the black pepper soy sauce it was served in made a nice light combo while still adding some nice flavor to the scallops.- Ahi Tuna Tartare Ceviche- Rounding out my top 3. To me there is nothing like fresh fish prepared with some lime and some other ingredients so tuna tartar is always one of my faves. I thought the fact that it was served with an interesting mixture of wasabi powder, diced apple, green papaya slaw, daikon sprouts, curry- ginger aioli added a fun and different touch to it than other tuna tartars I've tasted. Also the crispy outside was yummy as well. Delicious lunch with great company on a beautiful California day made this a fantastic meal. Definitely not a place that is light on the wallet unless you eat like a mouse but great every so often.
<review# 1855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2008,3/3/2009,78,88,10,12,7>I love this place.  So why don't I marry it?  Because it is a restaurant.  Albeit, I tried, but because it is a voiceless entity, it did not respond to my proposal.I would stick to the Burmese dishes, which are so delectable that you will think you did something really good in another life to allow you to enjoy such delicious food karma now.I have a strange penchant for okra, and if you do too, I highly recommend the Okra Shrimp with super fresh shrimp, lightly sauteed okra and crispy garlic shavings.  And unlike Chinese style dishes, the majority of each dish is its name:  the okra and shrimp dish is primarily made up of okra and shrimp and not a lot of onion and bean sprout filler.And the Mango Fish rocks!  Delicate pieces of lightly fried boneless sole sit atop juicy pieces of mango with a bit of jalapeno for kick.  The portions are small, but they are of very high quality.Added bonus:  my new love has a wonderful and welcoming family that makes you feel like an honored guest.  Marry me Mingalaba!
<review# 1856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2008,3/1/2009,318,202,9,9,9>Not sure where to start because my experience at Vero's was wonderful from beginning to end.Luckily, for us it was a slow day and we didn't have to wait for a table. Like others have said, service here is outstanding. Not pushy and very attentive. I don't think my water glass was ever empty.  The great thing about the staff here is that they're are honest, they don't try selling you the most expensive dish or push you to get wine. The service here is representative of what TRUE service should be like. Oh and the "manager" Massimo is HILARIOUS and really knows his thing. I would ask for his recommendations (if you can) before your order.In terms of the food, this place definitely competes with the other italian restaurants on the University Ave. block. If it's not the best, it's definitely one of the best. I had the pasta special that day which was mushrooms with a light tomato sauce and a flat pasta. The pasta was fresh and light and I swear I could've eaten that pasta all night. It was definitely light and didn't feel like i was stuffing myself. The mussel appetizer is in this divine broth that is great for dipping your bread in. My friends had Zuppa de Pesce which they liked. I've also heard that the halibut here is good. For dessert we had the panna cotta (cooked cream) with strawberries and I'm telling you the dessert was soooo good I decided to just forget about going to Fraiche for yogurt afterwards. We paired the dessert with this AMAZING muscato, Fior D'Arancia. MAKE sure you get this! Its the best dessert wine I've ever had. Light, sweet and slightly bubbly all at the same time! Finally the best part about this place was the ambiance, I really felt like this was a great hole-in-the-wall place that I could easily be a regular at. They really do make you feel at home.  The place is not stuffy and it has a GREAT open kitchen - definitely a good place to bring a small group of friends or to come here with family. Bottom line, this place is a definite standout among the University Ave. restaurants - it comes great food with world-class service and a welcoming ambiance. I would definitely come here again..and again....and again! I had such an amazing experience here - very unlike the other stuffy restaurants in Palo Alto.  HIGHLY recommended!*EDIT...upon coming here a second time, I would recommend their fish dishes. They probably have THE best italian fish dishes I've had in a while. While I think Osteria has a slight edge in the pasta department, I think Vero wins in the fish and dessert department. Try their cooked cream dessert and their chocolate cake. YUMMMMMM*
<review# 1857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2009,2/28/2009,1792,531,34,22,19>I am going out on a limb here when I say Watercourse Way is not so much about the massages as it is about the hot tub (ie: sex rooms). Don't misinterpret me though, this spa is in no way sleazy, tacky, or reminiscent of a 'rent by the hour' motel. The decor here is lovely and it certainly has an upscale vibe. I came here with my BFF for Valentines day (since she always comes before my nonexistent boyfriend). Although she enjoyed her massage, mine was rather unimpressive and I can't say I would book a massage here again. But our hot tub room was beautiful! The tub was huge, there was a bed in the corner (seriously) and it had a shower. Some of the rooms have a cold plunge and a sauna too! All I could think about was how much mind blowing 'fun' I could be having with my nonexistent boyfriend....*sigh* So, I would highly recommend booking one of these rooms if you and your honey want to spice it up a little. Some other good reasons to come here would be: 1. You are married and don't want to spend $150+ on a decent hotel and have to risk explaining the charge to your wife. And I promise you that any girl would find this spa preferable to an hour in a cheesy Holiday Inn. 2. You are 18 and you still live with your parents. I get it, I've been there. It led to sex in some uncomfortable places, like cars or somewhere along a hiking trail. If there had been a Watercourse Way that I knew about back then, I would have insisted that my high school sweetheart take me here immediately. To sum it up, I give this place 5 stars for the rooms and the decor, and 3 stars (being generous) for the massage. As soon as my nonexistant boyfriend appears, you can find us in room #6.   :-D
<review# 1858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2008,2/27/2009,676,1464,12,13,12>*** The 700th! Review!!! ***So for our anniversary, I succumbed and let my cavewoman ways out... Short of getting a club and wearing fur, I sinked my teeth into all the meaty glory that Pampas had to offer.Now being a huge Fogo de Chao and Rei do Gado fan, I was eagerly waiting a chance to hit up the newly opened Pampas... since now there is a Churrascaria semi-close by to home. The decor was modern sleek and slightly minimalistic. The split level seating maximized the warehouse space... however girl sitting on the ground floor should really keep their ankles crossed (don't pull a Britney!) so that the diners on the lower level won't get an eyeful along with meals. That's the only downside to the set up... We sat down, and got a basket of breaded goodies... including fried plantains. OMIGOD I LOVE FRIED PLANTAINS... I could eat that all day long... Once Sam gets his deep fryer I think that's what I'd cook... Fried polenta (not a fan... too dry and chewy. must leave room for meat!), and the cheese bread... too heavy, again. must leave room for meat. Now the meaty goodness...Picanha - Omigod... one of my favs... perfectly seasoned, I asked him to cut off of a freshly uncut one so one side had the seasoning and also it wasn't bleeding its juices down the spear... it was juicy and perfect and made my stomach very very happy...Maminha - Another favorite... I could eat this all day long...Lamb Leg - This cavewoman doesn't touch lamb. Nuff Said.Lamb Chops - Lamb chops are still part of the lamb. Again. Cavewoman no like lamb.Pork Tenderloin - The spicy one was good actually tasted kinda gamey for pork, the cheese one was horrid. I hid it in a bowl of gazpacho. Sirloin Filet - The garlic herb one again was divine... I could eat nuggets and nuggets of these... the cheese one was hidden in the chimichurri sauce. Roasted Chicken - Ran out of soups to hide it. Cut it up into little pieces and the server took my plate away. Spicy Chicken - Very very good... unfortunately it was at the end of my meal. :(Linguica - Hm... filler. Had a bite of it, plenty flavorful, but it was delicately placed on my "go away plate"Ham and pineapple - LOVED it... it was like a good Hawaiian pizza sans carbs!Turkey w/ Bacon - Okay... how can anything wrapped in bacon NOT be good? Hell you can roast a long lashed doe eyed Bambi in bacon and I'd be all over it.Skirt Steak - YUMMAY!!!!!!Everything that could be eaten on the raw side came out perfectly medium rare... juicy... bleeding. The white meat came out cooked, yet still juicy. WOW!!!Since on my opentable reservation I had commented that it was our anniversary, they gave us complimentary champagne... Ooh la la! Some refinement to the cavely carnivore ways!! (Yes I did use my fork and knife...)Our waiter was uber cool since I was totally missing the fruit bar that Rei do Gado has... and he managed to get the kitchen to slice me up a plate full of mangos!!! Not to mention I really really miss Rei Do Gado's grilled pork ribs... *sighs* Pampas did me proud for providing all that meaty goodness... Unfortunately they did charge me for the bread plates... and at a request of a refill of plantains, they charged me 18 total! YOWSERS!!!All in all... it was a lovely evening... and I walked out as lady like as I could... without being rolled up the stairs to the car.
<review# 1859,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2008,2/26/2009,147,84,11,11,11>I wanted meat and I got meat. A Counter burger is not just a burger, it's burger with lots of options. You get to have burger patty with 1 complimentary cheese, 4 free toppings, 1 sauce and choice of buns. There are also premium toppings that are $1 each.  The free topping choices consist of burger basics: veggies, grilled onions, pickles and etc. For tonight I got the 1/3 lb of grade A juicy hamburger patty with blue cheese, grilled onions, lettuce, spicy pepperoncinis, tomatoes with honey mustard in hamburger buns. My burger was stacked up mile high with sauce on the side and it was delicious.  I also had fried onion rings and sweet fries.  I love the onions because they were not heavily battered like ordinary onion rings. You can get both fries 50/50 (combo of sweet fries, french fries or onion rings).Counter burger is definitely a luxury for me especially when it's $10 for a burger and a soda but a girl has to be treated like royalty from time to time.  I thought it was a bargain for a gourmet burger 6 months ago and now it's a luxury...boy, how perspectives have changed.  Even so, Counter burger is still one of my favorites!
<review# 1860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2009,2/25/2009,632,981,9,17,16>For many, many years I collected sports cards.  I'd catch SamTrans out to Lefty's Sports Cards which was located in San Bruno at the time to buy sports cards by the boxes whether it be baseball, football, hockey or basketball.  I'd bring these home, and I couldn't wait to rip open the individual packs to see what kind of spectacular card I would find.  Eventually I grew weary of all the clutter and the boxes and boxes of common cards I had stored throughout the house to the point where I just decided it was no longer fun.  Sports cards collecting became a lot more expensive with fancy die-cut premium cards and limited edition inserts containing game used equipment and exclusive autographs.  I finally realized I could save a lot more money by just buying specific cards that I wanted instead of entire boxes searching for a single elusive rare card.I stopped going to Lefty's Sports Cards regularly.  Instead I limited myself to only go there a few times a year just to pick up storage supplies or look in their display cases for that one-of-a-kind card.  That was until I found out about their regular autograph sessions with professional athletes from local pro sports teams.Today, I consider myself a regular Lefty's customer again.  They've moved to a smaller space at the Burlingame Plaza strip mall near the Millbrae BART station.  Thanks to many sources including Lefty's I have accumulated a huge collection of autographed memorabilia from many of my favorite athletes from the San Francisco Giants, the San Francisco 49ers and the San Jose Sharks.  Photos, balls, bats, helmets, pucks, sticks, jerseys and cards - some of those common cards I had stored away actually came in handy for a change.This is one of the few local sports cards shops that I know of that regularly schedules athlete signings.  If collecting sports cards or athlete autographs is something that interests you, check out their website (leftyssportscards.com) to find out which athletes are scheduled to appear next.  You can also sign up to receive a regular Friday afternoon email detailing the latest news from the store.
<review# 1861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2009,12/19/2010,69,126,3,4,6>Texas meets California Brewery.  Beer and Pub meals are a nature of my genes.  I enjoy the blend of different flavors of beer accompanied by a great appetizer.  The Calamari and Garlic fries explode the taste buds of my mouth.  I consider my self as a hamburger connoisseur. I am TEXAN that knows beef and all of the different cuts. You cannot compare the magnificent types of red meat Texas has to offer.  But I tasted a magnificent burger in California.  This has become my home away from home and always in company of my friends and family!!! But lets talk about beer, the quality of the beer matches the flavor of my favorite brewery SHINER. See you at Tied House with a smile on my face and a Beer in Hand looking forward to step into the beer garden.
<review# 1862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2010,12/18/2010,220,362,10,9,10>Add me to the long list of surprised and satisfied Les Schwab customers!  I woke up early on Black Friday to attack the sales, only to find out that there was a blasted nail in my front tire.  (My husband swears he didn't put it there on purpose to keep me from shopping....hmmm.)  I pull up Yelp and decide to head to the first 5-star place in my local area for flat repairs....I figure it'll be like many of the other tire chain places and brace myself for the "you gotta replace your tires instead of doing a simple patch" speech.I pull up into the parking lot, rummage through my purse, and am shocked to see one of their representatives walk up to my front door and ask what I needed assistance with.  I've never had car side service before!  I explain what I need, and they tell me it'll be done in 20 minutes.  I head over to the McDonald's next door and grab some breakfast to kill the time.When I come back, the car is ready AND the guy tells me it's on the house!  Normally, I'd think it's because I have spectacularly good hair, or that my push up bra finally did its job, but by now I have read the 40+ Yelp reviews that state that this is just what these guys do.....give free patches with a smile and hope that you return when you need tires.  And you know what?  They certainly did win me over...and I will definitely check them out in the future when I need real tire work!  Yay for Les Schwab!
<review# 1863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2010,12/17/2010,353,194,4,5,6>One word for the TRX exercise INTENSE!!I wanted to check out the TRX class and I invited my friend Aileen to come join me and see how it is. So if YOU want a challenge my recommendation is to try the the TRX class. They will focus on your core and other muscles.We also checked out Zumba, and the music that we were dancing to felt like i wanted to go out clubbing, lol. For a couple of newbies we were on point to all of the instructors dance moves, he even complemented us which was sweet.I will probably check out the other classes that they offer!
<review# 1864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2010,12/15/2010,80,241,1,5,5>This review is mostly focussed on their 'outdoor- lunchtime' dining. I've never actually gone inside and eaten at the restaurant.I am obsessed with their chicken ceasar salads, their lettuce is always fresh and crunchy they use just the right amount of sauce and its mixed in perfectly. The chicken is breast meat, cooked to perfection and they usually put their signature raisin roll  on the side. I live for that roll. mmm mmm.I am also a huge fan of their sandwiches, i've tried almost all and they are all flavorfull healthy and delicious.even tho it is a self service quick bite, the service they provide is truly awesome. They are happy to bring your plate to you if u are sitting at one of the tables and they provide all the extras as well.The only downside is the outdoor area closes early sometimes and when im running behind on my day and craving a late lunch, i usually miss them.
<review# 1865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2010,12/14/2010,34,43,2,2,3>It was "Family Game Night", and at the end of a very busy Saturday I hadn't had time to whip up some good eats.  Yelp to the rescue!  I swung by Pasta Pasta...  Ok - time out, it wasn't THAT easy.  It was a Saturday evening in downtown San Mateo, after all. Rephrased - I circled the block six or eight times until I finally found parking, and swooped into Pasta Pasta.  :)  I breathlessly mentioned to Jay that I had 12 people on their way to my home, and could he help me choose some dishes to feed them?  His eyes twinkled, and he asked all the right questions... how many adults, how many children?  Vegetarians?  Do you need wine?  Would you like dessert?  How about bread?  Do you have olive oil for dipping?  OMG - he not only saved me, but made me look like a goddess at the same time!  In 15 minutes I was in and out of this quaint little shop with a party in hand.   An absolutely delicious feast I might add.  The Lasagna was better than my own, which gets rave reviews, btw.  The Macaroni and Cheese was to die for, and I officially need a 12 step program for the focaccia.  I was told that they will even make the lasagna and mac and cheese in your own dishes to take home.  Nice!  I Love Pasta Pasta!
<review# 1866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2010,12/12/2010,263,388,5,5,3>Huge portion. Great, friendly, warm vibe in this cute neighborhood restaurant. Looks like they have regulars on any given day.The also get a big draw for breakfasts, especially on the weekends.  But if you're near downtown Burlingame, I would have to say this place is definitely worth the wait because of the selection and quality of food AND the daily pet parade on the avenue!The place was bustling and the line outside the door kept forming as I ate.  The servers are extremely friendly and things run like a well-oiled machine here.  It has a great community, family-run vibe and I can't wait to support them again!
<review# 1867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2010,12/11/2010,63,153,3,5,4>Today was my first time at this Farmers' Market. I've been to many of the others in the Bay Area and I have to say this one had THE BEST baked goods and the freshest looking vegetables, especially the mushrooms.The brioche bakery had this cheesy/vegetable filled grilled sandwich that was really good. It was not heated up and I can only imagine what it would have tasted like if it had been. We devoured it anyways. On the way out we bought another pastry that was just the right amount of sweetness. Another must stop is the tofu yu booth. I had a sampling of a tofu spicy wrap that I didn't think would taste good, that was actually really good. There is also a little coffee/tea hut there and they have a unique way of brewing your coffee to order. It's worth checking out. Some of the vendors were willing to drop their prices, especially in the last hour, so that's something to consider.
<review# 1868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2010,12/10/2010,56,302,4,4,3>Jam-packed any given lunchtime, Plutos is a great spot if you want a huge, fresh salad with tons of  mix-ins.  Or if you want a huge, fresh carvery sandwich.  Or if you want a huge, fresh slab of roast turkey with stuffing and mashed potatoes.You see a pattern here?  Yes, portions are huge, and yes, everything is always really, really fresh.Salads are always good.  There's one main line to get into, but once you're at the front, it divides into two salad stations.  They try to have the same stuff in both, but don't always.  If you see something you like in the other station, request it.  Here's a sampling of what they had for mix-ins at my most recent visit:  apples, oranges, pears, strawberries, raisins, nuts, seeds, potatoes, beets, celery, tomatoes, carrots, chickpeas, regular peas, kidney beans, jicama, mushrooms, broccoli, cauliflower, avocado (50 cents extra), whole boiled eggs (50 cents extra).Sandwiches are fine, but can be a bit dry if you don't get any condiments.  Their roasted meats are excellent with good flavor.  Sides can be sublime (butternut squash with spinach) or bland (stuffing).  Lots of folks swear by their garlic fries, but I don't love 'em.Note there is a separate line for the carvery station.  Ditto to pay.  It gets kind of confusing because this place is always packed, but after a few tries, you'll figure it out.Good luck snaking a seat during peak hours.  Decor is urban warehouse.  Kinda cool, and all functional.  On the wall are stenciled names of space beings, real and imaginary.  Sally Ride, Buzz Lightyear - you get the picture.   One of my friends asked who Lando Calrissian was and I got to quote, "You truly belong here with us among the clouds."  Awesome. Bathrooms are clean and tidy (yay!).  Staff is harried, but generally friendly.  A $6.95 for a huge salad with meat or chicken on top and a large slab of bread, this marks one of the great lunch deals in downtown PA.
<review# 1869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2010,12/9/2010,216,293,3,6,5>I was in the mood for some finger food, so I thought I would give this place a try. I ordered the Fried Calamari, the Sauteed Mussels and Clams, and the Warm Spinach and Beets Salad.The Fried Calamari was fried to a golden brown and served with their own tartar and cocktail sauce. The portion was good sized with a good mixture of body and tentacles. I didn't care for their tartar sauce as it tasted a little fishy. But the cocktail sauce was a perfect match.The Sauteed Mussels and Clams was cooked in a white wine sauce with fresh tomatoes, garlic and parsley. Both of the mussels and clams were fresh and tender. The sauce was seasoned just right (not at all salty as in most places). The portion was decent. I licked every drop of the sauce with the help of their bread.The Warm Spinach and Beets Salad was a very strange dish. I really wouldn't classify this as a salad as all the ingredients were all sauteed, not just the spinach. I mean, it was tasty and I enjoyed it, just not what I expected. Service was prompt and courteous. Good place for Mediterranean style food.
<review# 1870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2010,12/8/2010,198,547,2,6,3>I can't emphasize how amazing Yumi Yogurt is. I found out about it from a friend and have told around 20 friends since then. It's selfish not to spread the heavenly secret of Yumi Yogurt. We truly are cheating god here with this low calorie delight.Anyway.. here is the scoop on the CALORIESSmall topped off serving = 11oz (opt for the small you'll thank me)Carbolite = 10 calories/oz = 110 calories.NonFat = 24 calories/oz = 264 calories.WOW Cow  = 13 calories/oz = 143 calories.I stopped eating the Carbolite a while back as it has Splenda in it and well apparently that's bad for you. The wow cow seems to get you the best deal although I'll opt for the nonfat if it's a sexy flavor like cake batter ummm.
<review# 1871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,9/11/2014,451,100,6,5,6>Ugh, I hate myself for spending $9.25 on a bottle of green juice, but seriously this place has the BEST green juice I've ever tasted!! I've tried Blueprint, Suja, and plenty of other brands but Project Juice def has #1 spot in my heart!!!The location is kind of easy to miss, it's kind of on the corner of the main street so don't get lost!! (I did)They also offer buy 10 get 1 free gift cards... good bye $90+ for a free bottle :(
<review# 1872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2014,9/10/2014,127,1093,1,7,5>Belcampo Meat Co finally opened in Town and Country Plaza.  The space is smaller than I expected, and most of it is taken up by the large butcher counter.As expected, prices are pretty expensive, but they have some harder to find meats such as squab, rack of goat, beef marrow bones, and whole duck.  All the meats look really fresh, and they have all the standard cuts, as well.I went with English bacon (it has pork loin on it according to the butcher), and they cut it thick from the slab for me. They also have sandwiches, "buns", and soups.  I tried the bone broth, and it smelled amazing and was very clear/clean, but I was surprised it was unsalted.  It was nice to taste it in its pure form, but I did add some sea salt to it when I got home. It's definitely a fancier place, and it's nice to have a specialty butcher shop here.
<review# 1873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2014,9/9/2014,220,362,5,6,6>I had read up that this place was loud, which is actually a plus when you have an infant and toddler you have to dine with.  As a parent, your dining criteria starts becoming "What is open at 5:30" and "What place can muffle the sounds of a tantruming toddler who wants an iphone" and this place seemed to fit the criteria.So...the place is essentially a concrete block so yes, the loud factor is indeed correct but I didn't think it was too bad (granted, we were dining at off peak time).  The place reminded me of a larger, slightly fancier 31st Union.  When we had come in on an early Saturday night, we were initially turned away because we didn't have a reservation.  We were almost out the door when the hostess suddenly gave us the option of sitting at the "communal" table, which is essentially a six top with rolling chairs (which just provided more fun for our toddler, yay).  By the time we were done eating, there were still quite a few tables in the restaurant empty - I'm not sure if they were just really pacing the kitchen/staff or if they just assume they can't seat someone at 5:30 when you have a 7pm reservation.  (Tip to the staff: don't worry, a family with young kids generally have a half hour window before someone melts down and you have to bail!)Anyways, after that point the service was great and the food was solid.  Super friendly wait staff and one of the owners stopped by for feedback.  Whenever that happens at a new restaurant, I always wonder if it's because I look like I could be a Yelper (i.e., Asian) but I saw him making the rounds to lots of others so I think he genuinely cared about what people thought - yay for him!  Despite the place clearly being more of a social scene type joint, I felt it was still pretty family friendly.  Foodwise, we had the chicken and burger and both were well prepared.  Prices are a bit on the higher side, but I thought it was still a decent value and I believe there are bar specials that you can take advantage of.  All in all, I think this is a good add to the downtown San Mateo area - a bit of a walk from the bustle of B Street but still a decent place to head for a nice night out.
<review# 1874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2014,9/8/2014,113,362,5,6,7>I don't think I could have had a nicer afternoon than the one I spent at Rue Du The! The sun was out, so I sat out on the patio. The sound system was playing all those classic songs... Edith Piaf, Nat King Cole, Bobby Darin... so relaxing, it was like a mini-mini-vacation.As it was my first time there, I tried their house blend of tea. It was quite nice... nicely balanced, a hint of smokiness with a bit of the brightness and sweetness that I favor in a Darjeeling. They have many other blends so I will have to check those out sometimes.For my meal, I tried the ham & cheddar and cucumber & cream cheese sandwiches. Both were pretty substantial -- some tea places barely give you any sandwich, but I felt REALLY full afterwards. The meal came with a salad... which was pretty darn large, too! Fresh and crisp veggies with a light, flavorful dressing. Comparatively speaking -- the price is pretty reasonable for a tea place, considering that I've spent WAY more and gotten WAY less. And don't worry; the quality is very very good!My order also included a scone. They served it with Devon cream and an amazing, amazing preserve.  The atmosphere is such that you could bring a bunch of friends here, you could bring your mom here, you could just come here on your own and have a mellow, laid-back time. NB you'll need to make a reservation to come in. It sounds like you *might* be able to drop in (judging by others' reviews), but if it's very important to you that you have a particular date and time, I would give them a call in advance.As this was my first time I KNOW I missed out on some good stuff. Oh well... I hope to come back soon!
<review# 1875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2014,9/7/2014,275,494,7,8,9>ok, I guess the korean/asian fried chicken phenomenon finally made its way to San Mateo. Living in the South Bay, I've had several of these type of fried chicken, although, all came with their own twist of the variety flavor and sauces. Bon Chon, 99 chicken and wing box are among the three that I've had and thought yumm yummm and worth going back and now Gangnam Chicken made it to the fried-chicken-yumm-o list!The restaurant was about half full on Tuesday night. We ordered the "most-popular" half Garlic Soy Sauce and Half gangnam sauce chicken. We also ordered the beef bulgogi, corn and cheese, and beef soon dobu (tofu stew).The chicken came out SLOW... and we basically almost finished our meal (all other dishes already came out) before the fried chicken finally made its way to our table. Verdict: Fried chicken was super crispy, the batter did remind me of "tempura batter" but a bit thicker. The two saUCES that we chose was SPOT on! Not too sweet, not too salty. We enjoyed it so much that we decided to place a hald order of sweet and mild fried chicken. Unfortunately, the sweet and mild was way way way way too sweet and our least favorite (and actually I won't order this again!!!!). BTW, even though they said that both gangnam and soy garlic were "spicy"... the spiciness was very very mild... All the other dishes that we ordered were also good but not very special as you can easily get the dishes at Korean restaurant and chances are you might get better ones out there.Prices were reasonable with tips, we spent about $70 and were extremely stuffed!!!!!! food comma, seriously!!!They gave 6 different kind of side dishes (BANCHAN) for free and you can ask for refill... The only problem is that the SERVICE was NOT ATTENTIVE. We had to continue flagging the waiters for water, more banchan, rice, etc!! boo on this part!!!! hope they will improve!!!oh, and they do play Korean Kpop music at the restaurant and of course there was GANGNAM Style by Psy!
<review# 1876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,9/6/2014,49,58,3,14,9>If you're a fan of It's-It ice cream sandwiches, the factory is definitely worth a visit. They don't have a private lot perse, but there's some street parking with some of them reserved for It's-It. You should also take advantage of this GROUPON DEAL RIGHT NOW that will "end soon":groupon.com/deals/it-s-iOk, reasons why this place is worth a visit:1. MORE FLAVORS/varieties of icecream. I counted 8:- Vanilla- Chocolate- Cappuccino- Strawberry- Mint- Pumpkin- Big daddy (regular square icecream vanilla sandwich)- Super sundae popsicle stick thing2. COOKIES. They sell frozen chocolate-dipped oatmeal cookies. Yes, they are supposed to be consumed frozen. They ALSO have COOKIE DOUGH you can buy and bake at home! They had these types:- Chocolate chip- Salted pretzel crunch- Cookies and cream. Yup, you read that right. COOKIES AND CREAM COOKIES!3. FREE SAMPLES. Related to reason #2 above, we were offered multiple free samples of their cookies. I had the chocolate chip and cookies and cream cookies. Both were delicious and freshly baked. The cookies and cream cookies have oreo chunks in them. Yum.4. FRIENDLY PEOPLE. The staff were super friendly and happy to make us happy. They were not skimpy with samples (I "accidentally" grabbed two pieces of the cookies and cream samples).If you redeem the Groupon, the friendly staff will inform you that you can "double up" the deal! That means 24 icecream sandwiches of any flavor/variety you choose for $20.A couple coworkers and I came here to redeem the groupon for our office. We went in expecting to get 24 sandwiches and 12 chocolate-dipped oatmeal cookies. We came out with 48 sandwiches, 12 oatmeal cookies, and 2 boxes of cookie dough. Oops. But not really.
<review# 1877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,9/5/2014,134,817,4,10,6>Make sure to ask for the complimentary bread.New on the dessert menu is the fried mars bar: yelp.com/biz_photos/martCaramel nougat, hazelnut, chocolate buttermilk cake.  $10.  It's intended to be similar to the fried mars bars that you get at UK fish-n-chips joints.  It may, in fact, be authentic, but I don't recommend it.  The fried coating on the mars bar is more like a thin wonton wrapper: it gets soggy fast, and can't hold up to the thick, rich mars bar inside.  If the coating were three times as thick, and twice as crunchy, it might work.  The chocolate buttermilk cake is not as good as the version sold at Icing on the Cake in Los Gatos.  And the whole dessert is too sweet: it's 2/3 sauce, and the sauce is really sweet.  And the chocolate cake is conspicuously skimpy..Here is my ranking for the cocktails:- New Fashion: yelp.com/biz_photos/mart    It's maybe the best bourbon cocktail ever. strong bourbon flavor comes through, yet it's very complex.  I've had it multiple times.  The genius is in its simplicity.- Rogue: Nice refined rye sour.- Early Harvest: Bourbon, peach liqueur, egg white, honey: yelp.com/biz_photos/martNice balance of bourbon / sweet / sour.- The T Street Martini: Fernet Branca, Benedictine, lime, ginger, you need to like menthol to enjoy this drink.- The Black Arkansas:  Great gin/ginger flavor up front, but the excess ginger really burns on the finish.- Third shift: too spritzy.- Nova: too much ginger, leaves a hot-burned aftertaste.- Moscow mule: yelp.com/biz_photos/mart   over-rated.  It's just vodka, ginger beer, and lemon.They have a "pie of the day."  Today I tried the apricot: yelp.com/biz_photos/martIt's very good.  It's not too sweet; it has a really "authentic, fresh" apricot taste; It's the hallmark of Martins West: you can really taste the ingredients.  When ordering one of their pies, I recommend asking if they can warm it up; I think it would be better that way.The scotch quail eggs live up to the hype: yelp.com/biz_photos/martThe bone marrow is very good; it's ultra-salty, which I like.  $11: yelp.com/biz_photos/martThe lamb burger has a strong lamb flavor. $16: yelp.com/biz_photos/martThe grilled octopus salad is good, but not quite up to the hype, and pricey at $16: yelp.com/biz_photos/martIt's also not as good as the version at Nemea  in San Jose.The Bacon Pretzel was OK: $6: yelp.com/biz_photos/mart
<review# 1878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2014,9/4/2014,198,547,5,7,6>The cauliflower is amaaaaazJ8ingJust get it!Also love the kale and avocado caesar salad and the buffalo burger. Oh, and the carrot cake of course!!!!!! Oh, and the Santa Fe Crispy chicken is a MUST. Yum! Wish the food here was organic but it's not so I only come here a few times a month. OK, I lie.. I went here 3 times already this week :PDO NOT order the harvest bowl or the side of steamed veggies or the tacos or quinoa bowl. . Very meh.. It isn't all amazing here but if you order right it can be!Update: Tried the Bombay bowl and the Buffalo Salad. The Bombay bowl was DISGUSTING!! The kale tasted like chemicals, almost chlorine like. The Buffalo Salad was decent although way too salty.**NOTE*** ALL FOODS HERE SEEM HIGH IN SODIUM. Not really good for those on a low sodium diet.
<review# 1879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,9/3/2014,505,313,4,6,7>When you first walk in, they greet you with a smile. They continue to serve you as my friend would call it, with "a michelin star experience." This spells C-L-A-S-S. The owner/head chef Jay keeps it authentic and classy by greeting all of us and thanks us for visiting his restaurant. I have to say, the attention to detail not only to the food but to the service makes this place one of my new faves and should def be on your list!I ordered the Lentil Tagine (spicy) and it was very flavorful. My friend ordered the Chicken Tagine and she said it was really good. We came on a Tuesday night (no-corkage) and honestly, this is my new Tuesday spot! We need more of these BYOB places in the bay. I miss them in Hawaii! The ambiance is pretty sweet. Very intimate and definitely a great date place.
<review# 1880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2014,9/2/2014,19,128,1,10,5>I found Penelope's on Yelp and decided to try it out since I love coffee and am always on the hunt for a new place, especially if it's not a chain if I can help it. I tried the Iced Greek White Mocha and it was a little unusual, but it was good. I love Peet's and was told by the cashier that they are a stronger than Starbucks but a step lower than Peet's and he was correct. The flavor wasn't too strong, but wasn't as creamy as I would have liked. Overall, I enjoyed my experience. In addition to the Greek coffee, they have traditional lattes, mochas, hot and iced tea, Greek yogurt with toppings etc. There is plenty of seating both indoors and outdoors. The employees were very friendly and explained their menu and what Greek coffee is and how it's made. NOTE ON FINDING THE LOCATION - as other Yelpers have mentioned do not put the address in the GPS, it will take you to 3 Foster City Blvd, not 3 Plaza View Lane. Luckily I knew may way around because I used to live in Foster City. If you are taken to 3 Foster City Blvd, keep driving straight, turn left on Triton past the McDonald's and Taco Bell and make a left on Plaza View - you will see the sign on the left for Penelope's. They are located right on the corner below and apartment complex. Not sure why the GPS can't figure out the correct address, so I hope Penelope's business doesn't hurt because people can't find it.
<review# 1881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2009,6/16/2009,64,164,5,7,6>Discovered this place a few weeks ago after having dinner at Calafia and made a mental note to check it out once it had opened. Stopped by today for lunch and ordered their turkey sandwich w/ gruyere cheese (which came with a side of their "farm greens") and a decaf mocha. I love how they served their coffees in a bowl. It reminded me of Rose's Cafe on Union St. in SF (which I totally miss now that I'm down in the peninsula exclusively). The sandwich was delightful with it's delectably toasted bread and enclosed within a meaty portion of sliced turkey and melted gruyere cheese. The side of farm greens was perfectly dressed with a light vinaigrette. I took a gander of the dessert menu and I had to really kick the will power up a notch or two for maximum resistance to the temptation. I've taken yet another mental note to come back another time and try their dessert. On another note: I love how Town & Country Village is experiencing a rebirth with all the new and hip establishments opening up.
<review# 1882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2009,6/15/2009,106,25,7,7,7>To quote Depeche Mode, "I just can't get enough!"This place is like crack! Maybe that's how they have made me a regular...Every time I go out of town, or out of the country, this is the first place I head to when I get back. Just thinking about it right now is making my mouth water for that burrito sized Lambada roll!!  *mmmmm....sushi!*You can't beat what you get for the price of one super sized roll. The rolls are around $10 each, and they include soup, salad AND hot tea!WARNING: rolls are so big that you can't possibly look sexy stuffing that massive fish and rice in your mouth ;)...I think they are starting to recognize me there...Arigatou gozaimasu!!!
<review# 1883,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/19/2009,6/13/2009,185,97,7,7,7>4 stars for HAPPY HOUR, 2 stars for clubbing... 3 stars seems like a happy medium.There's happy hour at Blue Chalk from 4-9p with $3 beers, $3 well drinks, and half off appetizers!  It's a huge place, so it's really fun to come with co-workers or a big group.  It's usually not too packed for happy hour, so it's really chill -- perfect after a long day at work.  There are two pool tables upstairs, and there are plenty of widescreens around if you want to catch a game.Going to Blue Chalk for clubbing is another story.  $5 cover, always way too crowded, drinks spilling everywhere, sweaty people pushing past you, and LONG LINES FOR THE BATHROOM (worst thing ever).  We usually bar hop in downtown Palo Alto at night, and this stop is the one I always dread.  The good thing is that other bars and clubs are right down the street.
<review# 1884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2008,6/12/2009,674,373,12,13,13>A litlle pricey...but hands down on one of the best burger I have ever had...Condiments is self serve on the other side of the wall of  the cash register.I come here for my burger fix ...there are televisions around so you can watch your favorite "novelas" (LOL)...well, that's what's on when I was there..but feel free to change the channel anyway..This is one Mountain View institution..it's been around since I was still in highschool (that's a long, long time ago) =)
<review# 1885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2008,6/11/2009,46,16,5,9,6>After 15+ years it boils down to this which is as follows My De Lux Dettmers's Sandwich isDutch CrunchMeat 1/2n1/2 Ham & Roast PorkCheese 1/2&1/2 Swiss & Smoked Cheddar With everything including German MustardThe meat combo complement each other one is a little salty and the other  needs a little,Same with the pairing of the cheese one is a almost too smoky and the other plain. The peperchini's and german mustard are a must. This sandwich will make Mountain View Famous someday.   FYI Dittmer is the Dad and Son Mark is the entertainment and the Meat Meister(If you not sure just ask and he will prescribe the cooking times and methods for your success). Also order your Turkey's (Free range organic) early. Like around Halloween when you go in for the fixing's for autums first stew(Split Pee w/ smoked ribs and Beef Stew and/or Goulash they sell the seasoning packets too) and don't forget pot roast for the freezer (Dont worry if it looks too big it wont last after you pull it out of the oven, And if your lucky enough to have left overs you'll get to try it in a sandwich, Then you and your loved ones will be so glad you bought the biggest one.)     If your grilling try the sausages the Spicy Jalopeno Cheedar requires two only cause you wont get over the happyness  of the first one. And the Chicken Potabello is Smooth . Also burgers out of the prepared meatloaf will do a vanishing act.EnJoy the last of the Old World. "Man I am getting HUNGRY" Yours De
<review# 1886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2008,6/10/2009,218,255,9,10,10>My friend Minh and I decided to head north for dinner and he was sweet enough to let me choose a restaurant off of my list of Yelp Bookmarked places (yes, I keep a printout of them with me).  He was in the mood for Greek/Mediterranean, which I'm always willing to accomodate, so we picked Kan Zeman off of my list.We ordered the Combo Mazzat as an appetizer, I ordered the Biriyani that Fong L. mentioned in his review and my friend ordered the Meat Combo.The Combo Mazzat is a combo appetizer of hummus, dolmas, tabouleh, baba ghanoush, falafels and a medium salad.  I'm a hummus fiend, absolutely love the stuff!  I don't allow myself to keep it in the house because I will devour the whole container of it in one or two sittings, if I'm not careful.  But, while I liked the texture of the hummus at Kan Zeman, not too thick and not too thin, I found the flavour a bit boring and needing more garlic.  The dolmas and the baba ghanoush, on the other hand, were quite yummy!  The tabouleh is fine, nothing that special, and I don't really care for falafel, so I let my friend eat those, and it wasn't worth taking up stomach space for the salad.I got the lentil soup with my entree, and it was so delicious!  I highly recommend it.  Hmm, I wonder if I can get as an entree, instead?  As for my entree, Fong was dead on in how tender the lamb was.  It came on a big ol' bone and pulled off so easily!  The rice under it was the best part, very flavorful and almost the consistency of risotto.My friend's meat combo consisted of 4 skewers, one each of lamb, beef, chicken and kufta.  What is kufta, you ask?  I had to ask the same question, actually.  Kufta is a mixture of minced lamb and beef.  "Oh, like gyro meat, you mean?"  I got a look from the waiter over that one, lol.  But, it's minced lamb and beef mixed with parsley, onions, garlic and other spices.  I had a bite off of each of his skewers and the kufta was actually my favorite!I would definitely return to Kan Zeman to try some of there other dishes!
<review# 1887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2008,6/9/2009,21,47,6,11,6>When I found out that I could no longer eat wheat, I was devastated.  But with the help of Shana of Gluten Free Girl, I have realized that it isn't such a bad thing.  The hardest part is dealing with comfort foods, which for me, being italian, is pasta, and pizza.  Hmmm ... No. and No.  Luckily, a few summers ago, in Portland, I became enamored of Thai food, which has plenty of yummy dishes made with rice noodles.  Hooray!Sweet Basil is the Diamond in the "rough" of Foster City.  It sits in a little unassuming strip mall off of the Bay Trail (I can ride my bike there from my apartment), but the inside makes me think of a little (I mean little) Thai sanctuary.  Brass figures, lush fabrics.  Even the flat screen TV is displaying the Food Network or the Travel Channel instead of the usual sports.The food is so good.  I have even liked the thinks that I didn't expect to like.  My husband ordered the Green Curry Bass, which I was wary of, but I had a bite, and YUM!  I love their Pad Thai and Pad Kee Mao, whoch usually leave me with left overs, the their Thom Ka Gai Soup is excellent.  Just watch the spicy rating.  I like spicy food, but I usually go for medium, otherwise eating turns into work.  A note to Gluten free eaters:  they only serve the spring rolls with the rice wrappers at dinner, so don't order them for lunch, or they will be the ones with fried wheat wrappers.And the presentation!  Cool rhombiod plates and asymmetrical bowls ... little webs of crispy rice noodles, enoki mushrooms and edible orchids.  Beautiful.The only reason that I can't give them 5 stars is that there service is hit and miss some times.  When I took my parents there, they totally forgot my mom's entree!  Luckily my dads was big enough to share.  There is also only one guy there who speaks english well, so (insert choice of deity here) help you if you get anyone else on the phone when you are ordering take out.  Although, I just hopped on their website, and you can order take out online.  How cool is that?  So if you are in Foster City, or not even ... it is worth the trip.
<review# 1888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2009,6/7/2009,896,808,15,22,22>A surefire way to cheer up my husband when he's sick at home is with his ultimate sandwich:  the hot pastrami with provolone on a sourdough roll from Lorenzo's.What we like about Lorenzo's Sandwich Shop:* good quality ingredients* plenty of meat (usually pastrami for the hubby & only veg sandwich for me)* nice balance of flavors and sandwich components* freshness of bread* friendly serviceThey can be pretty busy some days (line out the door, phone busy all morning, etc.).  They're efficient and quick, so if the line isn't too long, it's worth a stop.
<review# 1889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2008,6/6/2009,711,1140,8,14,13>So me and my homeboy Joel are continuing the Tour de El Camino where we drive down El Camino just looking for random bars to go into and there is a huge void from Redwood City to like South Palo Alto. That's a good half an hour drive without hitting anything bars. Dan Brown's is super chill, really mixed, and diverse crowd with a good vibe! They literally have something for everyone. Go here to do some karaoke in the bar area, go play some pool with their 3 pool tables, video games, go hang out in the patio and chop it up with the locals. One local "dude:" summarized why he liked the bar best with, "I like this bar because it's close to my house and I can get smashed." Hooray and good for you. So that's what makes Dan Brown's cool, a good mixture of locals and being close to the Stanford campus without being to close.
<review# 1890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2009,6/5/2009,69,437,7,9,8>I've been waiting for this place to open since i found out about them a few months ago. Though as of this date (May 14), they still don't have their liquor licenses figured out (yes, for a couple of weeks this will be a pub that doesn't serve any alcohol), my GF and i decided to go check them out during their 'soft opening' last friday night. We opted to stick to the small plates section of the menu to try the most food and get a feel for the place.Here's what we had:The free bread they served with salted butter (though usually not worth mentioning) was fantastic. One was a bacon irish soda bread that was delicious and the other was a more traditional baguette style bread.pot-o-pickles - This was just a small jar of various picked veggies (cauliflower, cucumbers, onions, carrots, beets, etc). Everything was delicious and we devoured the whole thing in no more than 5 minutes.goat cheese fritters - these were just little pillowy 2-bite bits of goat cheese that had been breaded and fried, and they were wonderful.pork belly on bacon irish soda bread with pickled asparagus - you can't really go wrong with pork belly, especially when put on top of bacon irish soda bread. The pickled asparagus helped to brighten things up a bit. Fantastic dish.bangers and mash - this was a little remix of a pub classic with a delicious sausage (casing had some pop, not overcooked, still juicy, really tasty) served with a fava bean mash and some veggies. Once again, another great dish. sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream - i told myself that i wasn't going to order dessert but couldn't resist when i saw this on the menu. I don't know what they put in brown butter ice cream to make it so good, but i have a feeling i don't want to know. The toffee was delicious, as was the 'pudding' cake. Service was just great. We talked to the owner for a while and he was really excited about some california cask ales they'll be serving in a few weeks. The peninsula has some great restaurants, but most of them tend to be pretty conservative, either tending toward traditional ethnic food or the safe cuisine that your average middle class suburbanite isn't too afraid of. Sure, there are a few places, but for the most part you have to go up to San Francisco or Oakland for creative, cutting edge food. Martin's West offers remixed pub classics and other creative and inventive dishes that can be hard to find on the peninsula (not to mention that they do it in a comfortable and relaxed environment for a reasonable price). Their presence was desperately needed (in my opinion) and i hope they can build up a dedicated customer base to keep them going for years to come. We'll definitely be coming back regularly to work our way through the menu. Can't wait until they can serve beer and wine. Martin's West is looking like it might become my favorite new place in the area.
<review# 1891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2010,4/27/2010,134,722,4,5,5>Pizza for grown ups that's what Howie's Artisan Pizza is and I knew it from the moment I walked in the restaurant's door!  Howie's boasts a  stylish and friendly atmosphere.  Despite the fact that the place was packed during my visit, the staff was as a cool and calm as the decor here.  There were no open tables at the time so my friend and I took two seats at the bar.  This bar is obviously run by a woman because someone thought to put little hooks under the counter area of the bar so there's a place to hang a purse rather than have you put it on the floor or the stool next to you. Soon after getting situated, we got down to business and ordered ourselves "The Works" ---  pepperoni, fennel sausage, salami, red onion, sweet peppers, mozzarella and tomato sauce.  It was tasty!  A little spicy and a little sweet and not too much cheese, this was no where near your typical pizza parlor pie.  And might I say, the absence of woodland creatures roaming around while I enjoyed a slice, was divine!
<review# 1892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2010,4/26/2010,87,125,5,7,4>On a hot, sunny Saturday afternoon in Palo Alto, we figured nothing could beat a mouth water juicy burger. We went to Kirk's and ordered 2 Kirk's 1/3 lb classic, garlic fries, and vanilla milkshake. The burgers were smaller than we though. But the all you can eat "salad bar" really made it up. We were able to put extra tomatos and onions and made it seem like we were eating healthy. The garlic fries were a bit soggy. Wasn't cheap either at almost $4. The milk shake was yummy, but felt it had too much sugar. Will definitely return whenever craving for burgers.
<review# 1893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2010,4/25/2010,56,302,3,5,5>I've been to Xanh a number of times, including when they were still at their old location across the street (and also when they were going through their growing pains after having moved into their new space), and I absolutely had to write this review to let everyone know how pleased I've been with my last half dozen visits.First off, last September they began to only serve Mon-Fri lunch buffet-style.  This may seem a bit unusual to some (Vietnamese?  Lunch buffet?), but it totally worked, largely due to the vast number of dishes offered.  There were about 25 dishes, including curry fish, three kinds of rolls, three types of salads (papaya, papaya w/ shrimp and apple), lemongrass chicken, Korean-style beef with pineapple, chicken dumplings, fried rolls, catfish in claypot, "mellow yellow" noodles, meatballs, and much, much more.  It was a veritable smorgasbord - kind of a subset of their regular menu with a few extra random dishes thrown in.  I will say that dessert was a downer - fresh papaya, oranges and a watery tapioca "pudding" only, but you don't really go to a Vietnamese place for dessert.   Their food, in general, is quite good, but you have to know what to order.  I'd say hit the rolls, salads and mains, and skip the noodle dishes.  (This is true both for lunch and for dinner). It got crowded, fast.  If you have a group, make a reservation.  If you're a small party, walk in around noon and you'll be fine. Dinner at Xanh is a sexy affair, as the joint, dressed up in shades of blue and thrumming a club beat from the bar becomes quite loungy/nightclubby, with lots of young things in short skirts.  Me?  I like their cocktails (the New York Times is a particular favorite) and their grapefruit salad.  Yum.  On a hot summer night, skip the clubby scene indoors and opt to sit outside watching the passersby.  Stretch out your legs, sip your drink, and dream about your adorable significant other you'll be heading home to as soon as girls' night out is over.
<review# 1894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2009,4/24/2010,227,119,6,9,6>I don't know how else to describe it but that it's a jazzy, modern, ramen house. This place is delicious. I've came here time and time again. I crave their butter-clam ramen, their no soup ramen is really good too. Out of all japanese restaurants I like their agedashi tofu the best. This place is my #1 when I want ramen. Don't bother ordering their Calpico Cocktail, they NEVER have it even though its on the menu. I've asked them time and time again for it but they always said their out, until one day I asked why they even have it on the menu because they're always OUT! The girl told me that they don't even serve it. I'm like... oh, well thanks for giving me the option and having me choose it, then taking it away and telling me I can't have it. (No i actually didn't say that.)During the dinner hours, they usually have a full house. The servers don't seem to know how to handle the stress but the last couple times I've went back they seem to be getting better at it. You want to get mad at them for forgetting about your table but when they come up to you and smile, acting all polite, you just can't...
<review# 1895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2010,4/23/2010,523,353,6,11,9>I read through many of the yelp reviews and I was definitely mentally prepared when i went to Rin's to check out the Marisa trunk show that was in town. 10% off on trunk show dresses (i don't know if you can negotiate on the new new trunk show dresses, since they're already giving you 10% off...)I went without an appointment by myself on a Saturday to try on some dresses since I've read that Rin is known to be somewhat competitive when it comes to pricing on the dresses.I consider myself very fortunate when I had my consultation with Melissa. She's been in the biz for a while, super duper duper professional, despite me coming in unscheduled, which I know is not a very nice thing to do especially on a weekend, but i thought it would be permissible given that i've seen numerous reviews of similar offenders.Melissa basically did a walk through with me through the store telling me where certain designers/styles were. Then we split up as she started pulling dresses for me based on some pictures and descriptions, and i got to go through all the dresses myself as well (which is what i prefer to do). I also like that all the prices are clearly marked on all the dresses. Melissa read my non-verbal cues and told me what she thought of each dress based on reading my body language (after i kind of explained my opinion of the dress on me) One thing i remember her saying was that brides tend to try to "fix" or flatten or straighten out the dress over and over when the have it on if they don't like it. Its like a mental thing that she's seen many people do. When you do like the dress, you'll like of play around with the dress, swishing it from side to side, she can tell when you're looking like you're feeling pretty good in the dress. There are a few areas where you can check yourself out in the mirrors. One is in your room, 2nd would be in the open area where everyone can pretty much see you on a pedestal, because looking in that mirror gives you a better idea of how the dress would look in natural light, 3rd would be the 180 degree mirror where you can see yourself at all angles on a pedestal, however the lighting there isn't as 'natural'. I think Melissa only works there on weekends. I highly recommend her. However i didn't end up getting my dress here, so i did not have the pleasure of working with Rin, so 5 stars!Sidenote: i tried going to this store on a weekday after work during the holiday season thinking that they would be open, but they actually close EARLIER for their holiday hours. Does that even make sense? Anyways, their website didn't have that posted so it might be good to call (well most people probably would anyways).P.S. They are a camera friendly establishment!! :D
<review# 1896,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/5/2010,4/22/2010,80,157,5,6,6>I've come here a couple of times already with the family. This is not my first choice when it comes to getting some dim sum for lunch, but sometimes we gotta change it up a bit. There is barely any parking because of the location. They have a small parking lot that's under the restaurant, but the spaces are so tiny! It's all for compact cars. (But actually, smaller than compact and more like smart cars). If I were you, I would find parking on the street somewhere and walk to the restaurant. Listen to me if you don't want your car to be scratched and bruised. As for the cleanliness, there is none. This place is pretty dirty and uncomfortable. It gets super stuffy inside when the place is packed. There seems to be a lack of air circulation throughout the restaurant. It was quite horrid. And of course, the best part was the dim sum. The quality of the food is actually pretty good. The service is quite decent too. They also have my favorite dish. The "lai wong bao"! It's the bread that has a pineapple crust with custard filling. Soooo good. So, would I come here again? Probably. First choice? Probably not.
<review# 1897,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/16/2010,4/21/2010,537,770,10,9,9>CC: Want to hookah?Me: Um, I'm not a hooker. CC: HOOKAH!Me: Huh? Why do you all of a sudden have a lisp?Haha. Ok so, that's not how the conversation went at all. But sometimes if you see me just burst out laughing to myself, these are the internal dialogs that I am having when something possibly silly sounding occurs. Cindy C. and I were doing a movie night and it got out kind of early, but Redwood City virtually shuts down at 10pm except for Tarboosh. So she asked if I wanted to hookah. Sure why not. We went but there was only a table in a tiny corner outside and the hookah only happens outside here. It was kind of a chilly night and while there were heat lamps that the servers graciously set up for us, it was still cold. We got an apple mint base and it was actually really refreshing, and had tea on the side. Overall a relaxing experience. Can't vouch for or against the food, but my first hookah experience was fine overall. Maybe I'd go back, but definitely in the summer.
<review# 1898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2010,4/20/2010,247,87,7,16,11>I cannot believe that "Your Packs Keeper" hasn't been reviewed yet because Angela (Dogwalker & Caretaker Extraordinaire) is absolutely amazing with our dog!!! We adopted our puppy last year and we never thought that we'd ever want to leave our house again, ha ha. Our puppy is so incredibly dear to us that you would think that he was literally our child. No joke! The thought of leaving him alone with anyone, e.g., dog boarder/dog-sitter, was completely out of the question! It's amazing how a little puppy can come into your home, join your family, and change ALL of your priorities overnight! My world revolves around our little pup and you can bet that I am Super Duper protective of my little baby (who isn't quite a puppy anymore). Nevertheless, even though family and friends offer to dog-sit for us, who would really love him and care for his doggie upbringing & training the way that we do? I know that I sound absolutely ridiculous but when you love your pup this much, it's really tough to leave him behind. You cannot help but want him by your side at all times...After screening and interviewing (more like grilling) several dog walkers/sitters, we finally found someone that we trust with our pup and loves on him just as much as we do! What a relief! In addition to smothering our pup with affection & play time, Angela walks our pup twice a day so he gets plenty of exercise! It's comforting to see how attached our pup has become to Angela and how excited he gets when she arrives. Additionally, Angela has dog-sit for us over the weekend on several occasions and we have total peace of mind leaving our pup and home to her care. I cannot say enough wonderful things about Angela and Your Packs Keeper but I HIGHLY recommend her for your doggie(s)!!! "Your Packs Keeper" offers the highest quality dog care at the most cost-effective rates. Can you ask for anything more? No doubt about it as we have found our lifetime, official dog walker/sitter! Speaking of which, we're adopting a rescue dog soon and we know that he/she will love Angela too! Oh and since I don't have the web site link/page for "Your Packs Keeper" yet (but will update soon), here's the following excerpt from their ad:__________________________________________________­___Pet Care Services: Experience at Affordable RatesYour Packs Keeper - Servicing the greater Mountain View AreaYour Packs Keeper is insured and a registered business of Mountain View founded and owned by Angela Colvin. She is also a member of Pet Sitters Associates, LLC, Professional United Pet Sitters, and could be found on PetSitFinder.com.  Angela places her heart and soul into providing care for all of your furry family members. She works exclusively with K-9's. Services:- Feeding and watering- Dog walking- Overnights- In-home care- Daily drop-in visits- Clean-ups- Medication administration*Contact Info:   yourpackskeeper@gmail.comWhen you email to request services, Angela will set-up a complimentary meet and greet to become better acquainted with you and your pet.Hours of Operation:Monday - Friday:9:30 a.m.- 4:30 p.m.Saturday - Sunday:By special requests only
<review# 1899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2010,4/19/2010,75,100,5,9,7>It's a relatively classy place, in relation to most Indian restaurants I've been to. For dinner at least. I had on a sweater, jeans, and Timberlands and while I didn't feel under dressed necessarily, I might have liked to be dressed up a little more. Nice mood lighting and tasteful decor. Pretty quiet. I wasn't on a date, but it felt like a date because it's a date restaurant, ya know?  Your food comes out family style, but the server puts the first helping on your plate for you. Granted, that first helping ends up being two tbsp of rice and about an equivalent amount of your entree(s), which was pretty laughable on that big plate, but 1) the total portions are quite small anyway and 2) it's the thought that counts and they're trying to be upscale. I can dig it. You know what I don't dig? When you get up to go to the bathroom and there's some dude waiting for you to pull your chair out and fold your napkin and hang it over the side of the arm of your chair so it's all neat and waiting for you when you get back. That's a little excessive and weird to me. They don't do that here. They're waaay further down on the comfortable end of the swank scale here. Not at all intimidating.The food was good and distinctly flavorful, not overpowering or jumbled. Not too greasy. Of our selections, Malai Kofta was my favorite, followed by Lamb Sali Boti.  I least liked the garlic naan. It was too thin and crispy, like matzo, but good otherwise. Liked that the menu listed suggested wine accompaniments because I'm clueless about that and it seemed to do the job.So, it's more expensive than a lot of Indian places, obviously, but you're paying for the atmosphere too. Take a date.
<review# 1900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2009,4/18/2010,198,505,7,10,8>The best way to describe Chef Liu's is to compare it to some geeky engineer you must've passed by 10 times before you finally "noticed" that he does in fact exist. It's weird, Chef Liu's is not off the corner of Castro or anything, it's in the heart of Castro (right across from the Gelato place) and I've never noticed it's existence till my friend brought some take out from there. Even then, I had no idea where it was, except that it was on Castro. Last night was the night Chef Liu finally got noticed. I liked it 'cause the decor wasn't all nasty and old looking like your typical Chinese restaurant. The service wasn't bad either (but it was probably because my friend, clieu @ Chef Liu's has been a faithful regular for years). The menu looked pretty decent, the American menu consists of your typical sweet and sour pork, Kung pao chicken, etc... y'know, the works. I think I can see why there's mixed reviews for this place. When you go into an authentic taqueria, do you order a "Mexican" sandwich there? No, I think not. Same goes for this. You come here and you're supposed to order the correct food. There's a "secret" menu you have to ask for for the true Chinese customers. Please note, you will have to be able to read Chinese in order to order from this menu (either that, or do a good job connecting the Chinese and English translations from the regular menu). For their special Chinese customers only menu, you can order 3 dishes for $21.99, rice costs an extra $1 per bowl. Beware, when it says spicy, it IS spicy! Good ol' Jalapeno seeds sure can do wonders to my weak stomach, thank goodness I had some Tums in my purse. Our three dishes were saucy and full of flavor, and I especially liked it cause it tasted like food real Chinese people would order. We also tried the dan-dan noodles (noodles with peanut sauce and some other stuff), not too shabby. It had a bit of a kick to it. Could this possibly become my new favorite Chinese food spot in Mountain View?
<review# 1901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2007,11/15/2007,192,110,7,11,13>I love pie.  I grew up in San Mateo and Heidi's is that go-to place for late-night coffee and pie, post-funeral snacks, and the source of a great alternative to birthday cake.   Some of the waitresses here have worked here longer than I've been alive.  My grandma and my mom have always bought pies here for special family events, like my glorious birthday (I've never been a fan of cake.)   The most popular funeral home in San Mateo is right down the street where once, I got bitten by ants that had built a nest in one of the pews, but that's a review for another time.  It's no coincidence that afterwards, many of the funeral attendees end up here to wind down before going home.  The decor is old-school suburban diner.  The patrons are old-school senior citizens.   The pie?  Pretty good.  Maybe not as good as homemade and not as gourmet as they could be, but since homemade pie can take hours to make, this is a quality substitute.  I highly recommend the blueberry sour cream.   The pies are fresh and baked daily in fantastic sturdy pie tins with Heidi's logo stamped into the bottom, I always keep the tins and use them in the kitchen often.   Once you've had Heidi's pies, you won't go back to buying that crap from the Safeway bakery down the street. While this little place on the El is probably not cool, innovative, or divey enough for the average SF yelper,  it's perfect for someone like me who just wants a bite of comfort from a little slice of home.
<review# 1902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2007,11/14/2007,157,518,8,10,12>There's no shortage of sandwich shops within walking distance, but my coworkers insist on getting on the freeway to get sandwiches here. I found out why the other day.They're some good sandwiches; The sliced top sirloin on a sourdough roll was just about everything I ever wanted in a deli sandwich. They're HUGE. 6-7 bucks is a little pricey for a sandwich, but you can eat half and put the rest in the fridge for dinner and be full after both meals. So its like buying two sandwiches and $3.50 for a sandwich is a bargain; you just have to buy them in packs of two. Pretend you're going to Costco, only it's a special Costco that has nothing but awesome sandwiches.
<review# 1903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2007,11/13/2007,281,420,37,45,20>I just finished the 1 month introductory student special @ $100 so I feel like I can give a fairly accurate review:First, the facilities are great...nice, large showers, secure lockers...and best of all, free SOCKS (to borrow).  I am someone that always always forgets their socks & this has saved me many times.Second, the teachers...some are harder than others.  They are all in insanely great shape...so much so that you kind of want to kill them a little bit (especially when they're correcting you).  Third, the class itself.  This class will kick you ass, literally.  The Bar Method is a blend of pliates, yoga & ballet.  You use the bar as your support (unfortunately, it doesn't involve actual booze).  All the moves are very small, but incredibly powerful.  I got more burn out of this class than anything I've done using weights.  What I like best, however, is that the class forces you to stretch.  As someone who's not so good about the post-workout stretch, this is excellent as I can finally touch my toes!I've had a moment in every class where I ask myself WHYYYY do I pay for this kind of pain...  But 1 month later, I can definitely see the difference.  My abs are flatter, and miraculously, my inner thighs have slimmed down.Now the question is - will I go back?  At $20 a class or $225 unlimited per month.. ($200 if you do auto-bill for 6mths)...it's definitely steep.  If you're someone who has a trainer - I'd go for this instead.  If you're capable of doing your own work-outs at the gym...$225 can buy a pretty sweet membership at some of the nicest gyms in the Bay Area.  So, for now, I think I'll chance it with the gym...but if that muffin top comes back, my non-Lululemon covered ass will be going back.PS.  If you have an aversion for MILF or MILF-in-training types with their ginormous rocks & Lululemon gear...I'd do some deep breaths before entering as this place is CRAWLING with them.  I felt entirely inadequate and almost, almost bought $84 pants.PPS.  Be warned that Rainbow Pizza is a hop-skip away...do not come to class starving or else you will be tempted. PPPS.  This class also attracts a decent amount of law enforcement types.  Good if you're into that kind of thing.  PPPPS.  The latest classes are the least crowded.  I'd recommend those.
<review# 1904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2007,11/12/2007,70,90,21,6,11>I can't really give this place five stars.Because I REALLY didn't stay here.Ok, this review is going to be kind of ghetto.  See, my bro and his wife had a getaway at the Ritz.  We were asked to babysit their daughter at home then bring her up last night and join them for dinner.We got to see their suite on the top floor.  It had a great view of the surf, the 18th green of the golf course and the fire pits.  Knocked back a glass of Grgich Hills Chardonnay with some cheese and crackers.  Great service.  Oh wait, that was my bro and sis-in-law that served me.  Still, wonderful.We had dinner at Sushi Main Street then came back for a nightcap before heading home.We'd been here for brunch a few times before (never the Sunday Buffet, though, which my bro told me is the tits) and also for drinks at night.  The views are spectacular and when it's Christmas time they put a beautiful tree out and stuff.When you're sitting there in front of the fireplace with your dame by your side, with the surf crashing just in the distance, this place just bleeds romance.Then your brother says they are going to head up and you get your ass in your car and drive back to Santa Clara.Fuck.
<review# 1905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2007,11/11/2007,123,135,6,10,6>On a shaded little corner a couple blocks from University Ave...lives my newest addiction: Fraiche natural frozen yogurt...with my two favorite topping combos: apricot puree and handmade granola or strawberries, granola and their AMAZING Meek's wild-flower honey.This little shop sits looking very modern and calm.  Upon first glance it seems clean, though looking closer it's not spotless.  They'll straighten this out I'm sure, but 2 of my 3 late-afternoon visits had me wiping my own table and finding an alternate trash-can due to the one by the front door overflowing...  However, with the traffic streaming in and out of this appealing little shop, it's not surprising they can't keep up with the house-keeping.The best thing about this "dessert" is that it is refreshing and light.  One doesn't feel "heavy" after eating it like they might after a trip to 31-Flavors.  First things first - you must select a BASE:There are chilled plain yogurts, frozen yogurts and (in the mornings) oatmeal!  The plain yogurt isn't like the kind of which you might be thinking.  They don't have flavors and (I've been told) they're very much like not-too-sweet Greek yogurts.  Very mild and the slightest bit sour.  The frozen yogurts (soy, natural and chocolate) are sweeter though still not overly sweet and also exude that mild sourness.  The chocolate was actually a bit too not-sweet-enough for me personally.  I'd love to try the morning's steel-cut oatmeal but that would mean having the will-power to bypass frozen yogurt!!So basically you choose your base from those above: oatmeal, plain yogurt or frozen yogurt.......and then you TOP it:peach, raspberry or apricot pureesstrawberries, blackberries, mangoes, blueberries, kiwis or bananastoasted coconut, handmade granola, crumbled cookies, graham crackers or toasted almonds-or- (ooh fancy) chocolate shavings!0 topping "junior" $30 topping "regular" $42 topping "regular" $50 topping "large" $5.253 topping "large" $6.75pint for take home $7quart for take home $131 topping $1I have actually felt my blood pressure rising as I stepped inside and realized I'm going to have to make a decision on which of all those yummy toppings I'd be selecting for my visit.  It's tempting to just pay extra for more but at $1 per TABLESPOON of topping I can just stick with two.So my new addiction is not inexpensive (*sigh* they never are...)  But it's so healthy and so fresh and so light.  A perfect gentle dessert after a heavy downtown dinner; or sweet snack while one strolls the bustling streets of Palo Alto.  Hhmm and you know what, I'll wipe my own table for this any day...
<review# 1906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2007,11/9/2007,365,288,4,19,14>OK, you know this Yelp thing is starting to change the way business is done when people start buying cars from other yelpers!  Phil A has been an active yelper and a long-time Yelp friend of mine for many months.  It just so happens that he also sells Toyotas at Putnam Toyota in Burlingame, and it also just so happens that me and the Mrs. found ourselves in the market for one of those new-fangled eco-friendly deal they call a Prius.One Yelp private message led to the other (using the phone to communicate about a major purchase is SOOO last millennium), and we found ourselves a couple of Saturday's ago ever-so-slowly escalating our commitment into writing a check for a spanking new car (the first in our collective 79 years between us).Phil is a quality yelper, a solid guy, and a true professional.  He asked us what we were looking for (value, practical, no frills) and took a very low-pressure approach to the transaction.  We are delighted with the car, and felt well-taken care of.  He even scrounged some leftover pizza for our kiddos when he saw they were melting down with at least 45 minutes left in the process (who knew that buying a car would take 3 hours?).Be sure to do your homework and Phil will do his best to get you a yelper discount.  :)
<review# 1907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2007,11/8/2007,218,378,13,18,19>this farm has the craziest, greatest diversion( aside from playing your psp, ps2, xbox, wii, etc..),and a wonderful absurdity of an entertaining labryrinth/maze of hay!!!for a mere five bucks, i don't mind getting lost at this knot of a jungle!some opening/space/crack are quite close-fitting making it more challenging and fun.two field mouse was seen scattering and an odor of decaying hay was snuff while zig zagging.we spent an hour  finding our way out & we shamefully ended up coming out where we came in!.. and the rule is, you must have to come out at the exit!!!in addition, they are lot of things to do at this patch (aratapumpkinfarm.com)!an awesome place to have an enjoyable day with kids, grand'rents, SO, yelpers (they should have an event at this place), co-workers or anyone you love being with!certainly will be back to do the maze again and to hit the right exit!
<review# 1908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2007,11/7/2007,632,981,1,8,6>I've dined here twice as part of a large group and the experience has been very good each time.My most recent visit was Saturday night.  We had a group of about 15 people.  Our waiter took our drink orders to start and again and again effectively throughout our meal.  Margaritas and bottled beer ... very good.  The chips and salsa were excellent and I know the bowl in front of me was replaced / replenished at least five times.Next came an assortment of appetizers.  I understand the Mahi Mahi Ceviche was outstanding, but it all got scooped up before I could get to it.  The Wild Mushroom, Blackened Chicken Fajita and Carne Asada Fajita Quesadillas were very good.  The fresh Guacamole was excellent.I selected the Salmon A La Parilla as my entree.  A big, thick slice of King Salmon was grilled up brown and juicy and served on top of a bed of black beans, rice and fresh sweet corn salsa.  It was very good.The restaurant is very loud inside, and it got extremely loud at one point when a high percentage of the restaurant patrons turned to watch one of the many overhead televisions to witness Barry Bonds and his record-tying 755th homerun.  Our waiter was outstanding as he kept either good food or good drinks in front of us throughout the evening.  I'm looking forward to dining here again in the future.
<review# 1909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2007,11/6/2007,193,301,2,9,6>I live just a few blocks away, so it  was only a matter of time until I visited this place. I am glad I did.It is compact - but Pez is small. It is surprisingly dense. The proprietor is friendly and eager to tell you about his collection and Pez history. Standout item is the original factory sign. Also, there has to be a Pez head to delight anyone with any interest in toys, cartoons. films, etc.
<review# 1910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2006,11/5/2007,88,156,9,6,7>I swore I would retire at 99. But, much like when Eastwood and Garner et al donned their space suits one more time to save that Russian satellite from plummeting to Earth (are you listening Miri? Same film!! Just get past the jowls and wrinkly hands and you're set for the night!), duty calls. And for what else would I betray my avowed commitment? That most irresistible temptation among all my vices.... Luscious chocolate!The bay area is experiencing a bit of a boom of startup chocolatiers. Good ones. It's like Chocolate 2.0. It's similar to what happened with coffee in Seattle years back, except we're still in the stage of passionate, industrious artisans championing the finest techniques and sensibilities refined over 200 years of European obsession, and not quite yet at the point of co-optation and mass marketing to the American public as, in the case of Starbucks, warm $4 milkshakes and a vaguely European "experience". (Hershey's has already bought Scharffen Berger, so, brace yourself.)Not too long ago I wrote that Charles Chocolates, one of these bay area startups, was my new favorite solid chocolate bar. But a few weeks ago as I was passing the confection section at Whole Foods I mean Bi-Rite I mean Rainbow, I caught a glimpse of a colorful array of new, sharply designed, daringly high priced bars by Cocoa Designs and had a total Sarah Jessica Parker moment.. picture me splayed over the pile 'o chocolate by the cheese case.. "helloooooooo lover."So it's official: I've taken a new muse. Cocoa Designs Cocoa Nuts bars are my new, new favorite chocolate bars. I'm all over the Framboise and Extra Noir. Can't wait to try them all. Cue the Oompa Loompas!Oompa loompa doompa de dooI've got another puzzle for youOompa loompa doompa da deeIf you are wise you'll listen to meWhat do you get from 100 reviews?A t-shirt, a friend and some crappy free boozeChuck-les galore and grist for the millBut when craycray floods time to head for the hillsAdieu, adieu, parting is such sweet sorrow.
<review# 1911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2011,4/29/2012,562,1006,4,10,7>REVIEW #400!I really wanted to try surfing before we leave California next year, so my fiance got me surfing lessons for my birthday this year, and I chose this place after consulting Yelp.   I went for the group surfing lesson this morning.  It was  a gorgeous day with temps in the 70s in Pacifica and it was pretty rough (a little rougher than normal, I think?).   I'm glad I can say I tried surfing, but personally I found it a little scary and really difficult and I think I'll stick to body-surfing and boogie boarding from now on.   Overall, I was happy with the experience but there are a few things I think could have been done better.Getting there:  Their directions went something like this: "Take Highway 1, then find the Taco Bell & park near there."   So if you aren't familiar with the area and would like more specifics than "Taco Bell near Highway 1", make sure to get your own directions.   Once we got there we had some trouble finding the group (they had said there would be a flag on the car, which there didn't seem to be), but eventually got it straightened out after a phone call to Matt.    Our three instructors got us suited up in wetsuits & booties (they provide everything - all you have to do is bring a swimsuit & SPF) and then we headed down to the beach for some stretching & discussion of safety & technique and then we got in the water.    I have to say, these wetsuits were amazing.  I've only worn one once before, and I think it was some kind of joke wetsuit because it didn't really do very much.  But these wetsuits were hardcore and made the 50-degree Pacific feel like a heated pool.   Trust me, I am THAT girl that is always cold and I was really comfortable, so I can't imagine anyone not being warm enough.Initially I was a little disappointed that there were 11 people in the group and only 3 instructors.  Based on reviews I had read on Yelp I thought the student: teacher ratio would be lower.   I was also a little upset when they said they didn't have enough surfboards for everyone, so we would need to take turns on the boards.  However, that ended up not being an issue at all.  I found riding on the boards with the instructors pushing/supervising terrifying enough, and I had absolutely zero desire to just grab a board and head off into the ocean by myself.   I think a few students did, but there were plenty of boards to go around for everyone, since many people just rode with the instructors.   And although there were "only" 3 instructors we got to ride every couple minutes and I think everyone got plenty of rides.   Also, although the 2 hour group lesson was reduced to about 1-1.5 hours in the water once we suited up and had the beach instruction, that was more than enough.  By the end of the hour or so, I think everyone was exhausted.   Even with the instructors doing all the hard work, my entire body felt like jello by the end of the lesson.Anyway about the actual riding: as others have said, they push you out past the waves and then turn you around, so you don't have to do it.   This is what I (and probably most others) wanted, so you don't have to waste precious time learning the fundamentals and you actually get to ride & hopefully stand.  However, if you really want to start with the basics, this might not be the best place.I found just crossing the waves scary enough, let alone trying to ride them.  When you cross the waves your board goes straight up and you have to really hang on to make sure you don't fall off (I actually fell off a couple times - I'm probably the only person who has fallen off a surfboard when I wasn't even trying to ride a wave), and you also have to push yourself up on the board.  The instructors kept telling me to push myself all the way up so that my elbows were locked, but I found that I didn't have the arm strength to do that, especially after I got a bit tired.   I definitely think it would be easier if you are a guy or if you are a woman who has any semblance of arm strength, which I do not (for reference, I don't think I can do a single regular push-up, I can only do the "girlie" kind).    Then they turn you around, give you a push and yell at you stand up immediately.  The first few times I was too scared to stand but I eventually got onto my knees & then onto my feet.   Candace & Will were incredibly nice and supportive of me wanting to take it slow, but I felt like Matt was initially a bit pushy and sort of "drill sargent"-ish about getting me to stand up.   To be fair, later in the lesson when I told him I was tired, he was very supportive and encouraged me to call it a day.Anyway, I did not intend to write a novel, but I wanted to provide a detailed description of my experience!   (Take this with a grain of salt if you are athletic at all, because I am so not).   But it was definitely fun to try and overall U of Surfing gave me a very good intro to the sport!
<review# 1912,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,4/28/2012,905,867,5,14,12>It's inevitable that people will compare Red Crawfish to places like the famous Boiling Crab or the South Bay first-to-arrive on the scene Crawdaddy.  They all serve Louisiana-inspired cuisine with a definite Asian flare. I was a bit worried with the mixed reviews, but we arrived to a full restaurant on a weekend night and our worries were soon dispelled with the solid food.Like those other places, Red Crawfish has crawfish, shrimp, crab, mussels, and clams to choose from to be steamed in a signature spicy sauce and brought out in a plastic bag with additions such as corn, sausage, and potatoes.  They also offer a few popular sides like garlic fries and cajun wings just like those places do.What I like most though is that the menu is much more extensive than just Cajun food but also includes a selection of Asian food that goes well with the cuisine.  Two of the more popular items are the garlic noodles (with or without shrimp) and the 5 spice chicken.  We saw a lot of tables order these.The crawfish (you order by the lb) were fresh and delicious, like mini-lobsters when they are at their best and the spicy sauce was a welcome hit.  The available rice or starch dishes goes perfectly with the flavor heavy main attraction and I've always lamented that Crawdaddy didn't have rice (I've brought my own from next door once).The garlic noodles that people rave about is as good as garlic noodles can be and the price is nice too.  For $7, you get a very large portion and it's plenty of starch for a table.  I've gone to food trucks and gotten less for more money.The final nice thing about Red Crawfish is that they must have learned a few things from their SF roots.  The place is large and spacious and there is a nice full bar and plenty of televisions to watch.  Compared to the small space at Crawdaddy and the not as nice interior at Boiling Crab, I think I'd choose to come here instead.  The sauces may have been slightly oilier than those to other institutions but it's been long enough that I can't be sure.This was a good Peninsula find and Red Crawfish accepts credit card, but not American Express.
<review# 1913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2011,4/27/2012,389,207,11,13,10>What's very impressive about this location is the fact that it presents a wide array of trails to choose from (sounding like a secret shopper here).From the number of times I have trekked here, I cannot say that I am that familiar with the trails and where they go or end up at eventually. As a matter of fact, I have not gone here by myself. Blame it on one of my hiking buddies to tell me about mountain lions and the like!So far, I have encountered deers, a bunch of lizards, a few snakes crossing the "street", lots of birds, bees, flies, occasional idiots and quite a number of runners. Rancho San Antonio has always been a pretty popular site for hiking and running. It would be a great experience for me to run a whole trail here one day. However, every walking, climbing, gasping and jogging (with a few good minutes of running) opportunity has been worth every sweat and next-day muscle soreness. More often than not, it's the PG&E trail that I would take. With the fact that I am more used to slaving on the infamous Mission Peak, I can only take the Coyote Trail or some other mild-to-moderate trail if I had been working that day or I am not feeling really good. Otherwise, it's the PG&E trail.Alrighty then. The foot of the PG&E trail begins at the first parking lot to the left, right after entering Rancho. The parking "dirty" so don't expect your car to be squeaky clean when you come back to it after trekking for a day. Parking in here is much easier than parking where most trails would begin. As always, best times to come here would be during the week, in the morning or maybe just about after 4 pm. Now if you decide to come by after 4, and you decide to do the PG&E trail, make sure you have no one with you who has a tendency to stop and take pictures with every open scenery. Guaranteed, you will get the opportunity to meet Mr. Lion (first name Mountain) before you finish the hike. The PG&E trail has plenty of shaded paths and a lot of alternating inclines and declines (is that an appropriate term?). As compared to Mission Peak, that is a major plus. However, sunblock is not optional either. I am not sure how you are, but I always remember first times (cough couch...I'm quite sure you do too). The PG&E trail and I crossed paths for the first time about 4 years ago. The hell, I didn't finish the damn thing! Like right after the 5th tower (PG&E tower), I was sweating like Roger Ebert and for some reason, that day, a family of flies decided to follow me. Eeeeek! I turned around and I was cussing like a sailor.That was then.After finishing the PG&E trail for the first time, I told my boyfriend that it wasn't that bad after all and oh boy, it felt good. The walk through Deer Hollow Farm would prove to be the cool down...I suggest to run it even! The Deer Hollow Farm is a common field trip destination for elementary students too. They have a pig farm and goats and an mini herbal garden. There's also a big spot for stretching. Some water fountains that may sometimes be swarming with bees...or one or two Black Widows. Really!Despite the earlier possibility of a Mr. Lion encounter, I would say that it is safe to hike the trails of Rancho San Antonio. It's good for kids and adults alike. However, just like hiking any trail, make sure you observe proper hiking etiquette. Let's go again!
<review# 1914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2011,4/26/2012,656,1338,3,10,9>Stopped in here while running errands last weekend, and was pleasantly surprised by all the treasures hidden in this tiny store.We ended up buying: Okinawan sweet potatoes, Japanese sweet potatoes, ginger paste, wasabi and hot mustard. Prices were pretty reasonable, and the owner was incredibly friendly and had a great sense of humor.I'm so glad we discovered this place, I'll definitely be back.
<review# 1915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,4/25/2012,119,227,12,7,12>I was back here a couple of weekends ago, and I have to remind everyone that this is my favorite bar ever. Here is my rebuttal to some of the complaints people have about G&G:1) Someone below says PRO: THIS BAR IS CHILL, and CON: THIS BAR CAN BE TOO CHILL. Uh... what? I'm going to bite my tongue and just assume that dude was stoned when writing his review.2) This is not a place to get dinner, but great for BEFORE or AFTER dinner. Small bites are EXACTLY THAT, and the fact that they're called "bites" should be a pretty good hint that they're not big portions. Better yet, why not ASK before ordering? If I was ravenous, I would probably assume that a "small bite" wouldn't be enough to fill me up. SMALL. SMALL BITES. NOT HUGE MOUTHFULS. 3) Adam doesn't ignore customers. Maybe you should get off your iPhones and look interested, right? There's a pretty big distinction between a good business owner and a pushy salesman. If you have a question, ASK IT AND STOP ASSUMING THE OWNER HATES YOU. BUT IF HE DOES, I DON'T BLAME HIM. I HATE YOU, TOO.I'm not related to the owner, I don't hold stock in Grape & Grain, and nobody is bribing me to write this. I'm just a cranky 26-year-old with lots of hatred and anger in my heart (and too much time on my hands).
<review# 1916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,4/24/2012,809,645,11,18,16>How many times have you ever seen a pharmacy with 5 stars?  Not very often is my guess because most pharmacies shuffle you through the process without personal service.  Not this pharmacy.  They treat you with kindness, consideration and professionalism that only one of the local shops can give.  This ain't no mass chain only bent on getting your business!  They care about you.  And that's so important, especially when you're not feeling well. The next time you need a prescription and you want it filled with a little extra love, you where to go, right?
<review# 1917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2011,4/23/2012,141,329,3,7,6>I've been eyeing Pancho Villa for a while now, however the right opportunity hadn't presented itself. There's always a full house, which I definitely can see why. I ordered their surf and turf burrito, and super sized it to get the full experience. The price, at $12, was a bit more than my normal taqueria visits. But the shrimp and (hopefully superior) steak bring the price up, and I didn't mind too much for my first visit.The burrito was really tasty. Solid all around, with the shrimp really setting it apart from a normal meat burrito. I did find that it needed a kick of flavor, and their salsa bar came in really handy. There's this sauce that I swear tastes like melted down nacho cheese Doritos. And yes, that's a good thing! I couldn't get enough and I would love to know what's in it...besides food crack of course!The bad was that the place didn't feel organized at all. The line to pay, after you order, took waaaaaay too long for the amount of people in line. I mean, we waited probably 10 minutes just to pay. And once seated, the people bringing the food around to the tables seemed to be having no luck in finding the right customers for the food. One woman must have spent 10 minutes looking for the people to then find that it was a to-go order and the guy had been standing by the register the whole time. Big fail on their part, and quite disruptive for someone trying to enjoy their food.As much as I enjoyed the food, I'm not sure that I'll be coming back. Yes, I'm giving it 4 stars, that's for the food. But the price and ambiance just didn't do it for me.
<review# 1918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,4/22/2012,474,505,5,6,7>I cannot believe Cha Cha Cha is now in my backyard! Well, not literally.. But it's soo close that I feel like it is!Love the music, love the service.. Food was great! Always start with a glass (or a pitcher) of sangria! Like others have said, do not eat the fruit, it's pretty potent! But if you don't think it is, try it out for yourself like my friend, Jen K., did!We ordered:BBQ Chicken Quesadilla - Came out as a fat taco.. we were able to cut this into three and were filled.Tostones - These are green banana chips with black bean sauce. YUM! So simple, yet so good.Calamari -  Can't go wrong with these!Camarones Picante - These shrimp were in this amazing sauce that I kept dipping the calamari and bread into this sauce.Between 3 girls and sangria, this was a great lunch. It wasn't too packed for a Friday. Definitely our weekly hang out spot!
<review# 1919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,4/21/2012,637,255,5,7,5>I love the happy hour here (can't believe I haven't updated my previous dinner review until now to share this HH gem)!Wines and beers are half off and they have delicious $5 margaritas (not too sweet and a nice pour of tequila). All appetizers are also half priced during Hora Feliz at Reposado.My favorites include:Guacamole with freshly made chips - best guacamole I've had in the U.S.!Queso Fundido with shitake mushrooms  - cheesy goodness!Shrimp and scallops in tequila butter - try not too drown your face in the butter!Pair those three with an Albarino and you've got yourself a winner!
<review# 1920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,4/20/2012,330,533,5,15,9>I'm always glad to be able to write a 5-star review.This was the first time I'd taken my car anywhere other than the dealership -- not out of some great love for my dealership, but because I was on a prepaid maintenance plan for the past 5 years.Today I had minor auto emergency, and I was having trouble finding a local repair shop that's open on Saturdays.  HMB Auto Repair is usually only open Saturdays by appointment, but we gave them a call.  Lucky for us, not only were they in the shop, but they fixed my car in less than 30 minutes.The people here are so nice and the price was extremely reasonable.  Forget the hour-plus round trip drive to my old dealership!   HMB Auto Repair just gained a new loyal customer.
<review# 1921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,3/2/2013,613,401,5,6,7>Another date night and another light dessert here after dinner somewhere else. This is where we go when we feel like having a "sweet finish" to our date without loading up on too much calories so that I'll feel like having to run 6 miles tomorrow.  We tried the 3-layer custard in a little bottle that has: strawberry on top, egg custard in the middle and caramel at the bottom. It was light and sweet. We also each grabbed a slice of the souffle cheesecake with a fresh blueberry on top. The cake is tiny and perfect in texture. It's not as dense as the regular cheesecake as it's basically also a "souffle", which contains egg whites to fluff it up. The sweetness is just right too. If you are worrying about calories or serving size this is definitely the place to go. If you are looking for absolutely sinful, decadent "real" classic dessert, then you might want to try somewhere else. But remember this is an Asian fusion place? Asian desserts tend to be lighter.
<review# 1922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2012,3/1/2013,809,645,16,18,14>Oh baby, I know why they call it Rave!  The food was so delicious.  I had the crab cake teasers which came with a very nice tartar sauce and a little lettuce.  Mmmm.  The teenager had a variety of sliders and she loved them.  They have so many kinds of sliders to choose from and you can order one or a dozen.  Love that!  The menu is so fun with a little something for every appetite, and the art work on the walls matches the fun of the menu.  The servers were awesome too!  Delightful!!  Oh yes, and I can't forget to give a huge kudos for the garlic fries.  Taaaaaasssssty!How could I have ever missed this place before?  Guaranteed that I won't miss it again!Ravin'!!
<review# 1923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,2/28/2013,637,255,20,30,24>This is my absolute favorite hiking spot! There are endless possibilities to make each hike unique as there are lots of different trails and entry points. Most often, I park at Skegg's Point (come early or the small lot will be packed with cyclists' cars) and work myself from the North East over to the North West and back. At El Corte de Madera, you can choose if you want a 30-minute leisurely stroll or an all-day intense hike. My go-to route is Tafoni Trail to Resolution Trail to Fir Trail back to Skegg's Point. This translates to roughly 5 miles when I decide to also hit up the Sandstone Formation off of Tafoni Trail and the Vista Point at the junction of Resolution and Fir. Tafoni starts off nicely with minor sloping and once you are warmed up the inclines start coming. After you hit the Sandstone Formation, which is breathtaking, it's a lot of downhill, which can be tricky in the fall/winter time after it rains as some of the trails turn into muddy slip 'n slides, so be careful and wear good shoes! Resolution Trail is my favorite leg of this hike. You are in the deep dark woods and slowly crawl your way up to a lighter, brighter canopy until you hit the top and have the most amazing views of tree tops and the Bay Area. The terrain on Resolution changes from dirt trails at the bottom to rocky surfaces at top, making the last part of the incline extra challenging. Mountain Bikers love these trails, which has its pros and cons. You better be alert and listen for the zooming sounds of bikes approaching around bends as many trail segments are only a couple of feet wide. They are very aware that there are hikers around though, so in general they keep an eye out for you. On the upside, bikers mean noise and lots of ground vibration, keeping those mountain lions and other larger creatures you don't want to encounter away from this Open Space Preserve. This is one of the few places I don't mind hiking by myself as all I can expect are birds and squirrels. Trail maps are conveniently provided at most of the entry points, making it easy to map out the desired length of your hike. What are you waiting for? Get out of the smog filled cities and breathe in some fresh air and reconnect with nature at El Corte de Madera!
<review# 1924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,2/27/2013,474,505,8,12,10>Ahhh.. What a nice way to end the weekend!My boyfriend and I opted for a couples massage. We've had Thai massages in the past, but my boyfriend is not too fond of Thai massages since he finds it too rough on his body. But I LOVE them. Had several in Thailand and a few here in the U.S.I was a little nervous taking my boyfriend here with his previous experience, but Carey warmly greeted us with a smile, hugs and chocolate.. How can you go wrong with chocolate?We were led to a private room, laying face up. Carey talked us through the session, making sure we were breathing and keeping our bodies relaxed. The pressure he used was perfect. You can let him know if it is too much or if you would like extra pressure. My boyfriend enjoyed this Thai massage so much that he fell asleep and was so relaxed afterwards.Overall, Carey is passionate about his sessions and making sure we were comfortable. The couples massage was a great way to reconnect. Perfect right before Valentine's Day rush!
<review# 1925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2012,2/26/2013,128,123,5,8,7>My beastly Basenjis are very particular about their toys, food, and quite frankly, just about everything. So, in order to appease their haughty little tempers, I often will go out of my way to drive to this adorable mom and pop pet store to keep my pups pleased (it's truly frightening to think what kind of mother I'd be). This place has all kinds of specialty dog food, my dogs love Taste of the Wild, and they carry a variety of other healthy, organic, brands. That's right, my dogs are as snotty as I am. They don't want processed food; they want the first ingredients on the list to be meat and veggies, not additives.  Also, they have a wide selection of toys, bones, and doggie-outfits. Now, I am not the type to dress my dogs in tutus or fufu sweaters, but...last Christmas, when we were bringing the beasts to Flagstaff, Arizona in the snowy winter, I knew my spoiled California dogs would need some extra protection from the elements. I knew exactly where to go when I realized I'd be buying them dog sweaters for the first time, and Togs for Dogs did not disappoint! They had such a tremendous selection; it was like shopping at Nordstrom's for dogs (: Kourey got a blue and red argyle sweater, and Kaylee got a lovely light pink snow  jacket (fluffy hood included). Not only did they look great, but they were nice and warm while playing in the snow.The other thing I love about this little place is they give you a bag of treats for your doggie when you leave. My dogs LOVE these little treats, and it's just a nice and personal touch. You could go to a big chain, but there's just something more personal and inviting to little shops like this.
<review# 1926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,2/25/2013,29,229,5,8,5>Since it's ridiculously close to work, I frequent this lake and the surrounding trails during lunch for a quick run.A good number of spots and street parking on Terminal Ave leads into an entrance to the trails.  After a quick warm-up jog into the trail (making a left from the entrance), there's a fork:  go right and you'll be on the right side of the lake, for a 1.5 or longer run.  Head left, and you'll be treated to a 6+ mile plus run around the left side of the lake.  Better scenery on the right, hard-core on the left.Walkers, runners and bike riders frequent them (during lunch at least), so you won't be lonely on your jaunts.  Not super crowded though.Also - keep to the right if you're slower, and make some noise if you're faster on the left.
<review# 1927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,2/24/2013,273,395,4,4,5>Great organization, with an awesome staff!I had the privilege to volunteer for their Youth of the Year event, which was a lot of fun!  The Boys and Girls Clubs rarely have one-off volunteer opportunities, and this was one of the rare events.  I found out about this through GoVoluntr, which I am now finding as a great resource to find volunteer opportunities.Myself along with 5 other Yelpers, parents and other regular Boys and Girls Club volunteers helped in the kitchen to prepare the meal for their Youth of the Year event, along with the help of some of their regular staff, including Chef Shea, Sous Chef Ashley and Maelen.  I think each of us bring some culinary experience to the table (we've all cut fruit/veggies before), but not anything enough to pull off such a nice event.  But with excellent direction and team work, we had a blast and everyone enjoyed the food!I'm grateful to have discovered this opportunity and will now explore other opportunities to volunteer with BGCP.
<review# 1928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,2/23/2013,278,57,3,4,5>Hella muscles! Seriously, this place is better than the Chinese restaurants that don't have English menus. The restaurant is just gratuitously good, especially for value.I first started eating here after learning that the place was recommended by the Michelin Guide with a Bib Gourmand. The Bib Gourmand by definition implies excellent P/Q (price to quality) ratio because it recognizes +1 restaurants that would otherwise be ineligible to get Michelin stars because they're not expensive enough.Nowadays, I try to go here whenever I am anywhere near Redwood City. Whenever I'm taking friends to and from SFO, I'll take them to lunch or dinner here. For the lunch special, the place is even more of a steal because they offer the same dishes as dinner at $3 less and with complimentary Hot & Sour Soup. As for dishes, the Scallion Lamb is superb. The lamb is super tender, thin, and succulent. I would also recommend the Sichuan Cold Noodle, Kung Pao Chicken or General Zao's Chicken. The chicken dishes, while barely sounding Chinese, are actually quite delicious and very authentic. Some restaurants really do pull it off.  PS:Not for the faint hearted, this establishment packs a lot of oil and spice (and everything nice) into the food. I recommend a helping hand (several helping hands, really) of rice.
<review# 1929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,2/22/2013,137,60,7,11,6>Just a nice place to meditate and be in the middle of the middle of Palo Alto.Allied Art Guild gets all the attention, but for my no-money I prefer the EGG.It's lovely. It's free. It's on the way to the library. Everything should be lovely and free and on the way to the library.
<review# 1930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,2/21/2013,99,397,4,6,5>This place is great and Francisca is really friendly.  I came here to get my hair dyed (covering the pesky grays) and she was fast and efficient.  Conversation was easy and didn't feel contrived as I have experienced at other salons.  This place probably isn't for you if you're looking for something complicated/edgy/uber hipster but if you want a standard cut & colour, this place is definitely worth a try.  My demi-colour was $60 and hair goes to my mid-shoulder blades.  Cash only.
<review# 1931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,8/22/2013,279,43,4,5,4>So we went here for my dad's birthday and had a great time.  Our server was so friendly and was very knowledgeable about the menu.  She was able to help us chose which oysters to split.  The oysters came with three condiments:  traditional Cocktail sauce, pineapple vignette and horseradish.  All three were fantastic.  We also ordered the crab poppers (not greasy and you can actually taste the crab!), gumbo soup, and the charcuterie plate for apps.My mom went with the Ahi tuna salad.  She was raving about the last time she got it and how good it was but honestly, I thought the tuna was a little under seasoned.  My grandma got the scallops etouffée which I thought was the best of the entrees.  The scallops were these huge nuggets and the flavor in the sauce was amazing.  Dad ordered the prime rib.  I guess there must have been a miscommunication since they thought he ordered the prime rib dip sandwich and that's what they brought out. But as soon as we said that wasn't what we asked for, they whisked it away, put in a new order immediately.  They even brought out the salad portion first, because they were afraid he was going to be hungry.  His prime rib came out 5-6 mins after so it's not like he had to wait long at all!  I had the grilled mahi.  The chickpea sauce was pretty interesting and I liked the mixed veggies and potatoes on the side but my fish was kinda dry. For dessert, we split the crème brulee which was spot on and they brought out a little ice cream sundae in celebration of my father.  Love free birthday stuff.  While the food wasn't mind blowing, everything was delicious and the service impeccable.
<review# 1932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,8/21/2013,100,278,,5,2>I stumbled across this new place in Downtown Redwood City today.  With choices like 5 guys burgers, "the melt", Chipolte, and pizza my heart, this is really the ONLY healthy option here is Fish's WildWorking in Redwood City, there are plenty of healthy lunch options, plenty of quick options, but very few healthy and quick options.I walked in and was greeted by a nice girl at the counter.  She took the time to explain the menu and tell us a bit about the store.I was happy to see there were several grilled fish options and several grilled veggie options.Dinner for two, with soft drinks was under 30.00.The grilled fish (I had the salmon) was delicious and served very quickly.   I'm excited about this new place so close to my work.
<review# 1933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,8/20/2013,228,190,2,12,8>I found my BBQ spot in the Bay Area :) On a lazy Saturday afternoon, I was in the area and trusty Yelp helped me find this diamond in the rough. After reading all the reviews I knew what to look for, what to order. I'd say Emergency BBQ is more like 4 1/2 stars, but I rounded up.I was the only one there at around 3:30 pm. The place was clean although a little cramped. The gentleman that helped me was very friendly and answered my questions. I ordered a two item, two side combo for $13.00, to go. I hoped it would be enough for me and my honey to share. I thought I had read in the reviews that they have brisket (this girl loves some brisket!) but the worker told me they don't do brisket. I got the tri tip and pork ribs plus mac and cheese and potato salad.I knew he'd need to heat up the items in the microwave, based on what I read in the reviews. I didn't mind - it was well after lunch time and as long as it tastes good, I'm good. The worker packaged everything nicely then rang me up. As I walked to the car, everything smelled SO GOOD. I couldn't help myself - I took a piece of tri tip out of the box and gobbled it up. O.M.G. it was smokey, juicy, tender perfection. It was all I could do to keep myself from eating more before getting home!When we opened the box at home, we were pleasantly surprised. A good portion of thinly sliced, tender tri tip and two large, meaty pork ribs plus a roll. The tri tip was our favorite - so delicious, no sauce needed. The ribs were really good too but tasted better with sauce. The sides came in individual containers. The potato salad was very good - tangy, chunky and fresh. The mac and cheese was dense and rich.The mild sauce was ok for me - a little too tangy, not sweet at all. I prefer a sweeter, thicker sauce but I know I'm in the minority of BBQ fans when it comes to that taste.They cater too - I will definitely check them out for the next big event at my work.  I have tried some BBQ places recently in Santa Clara/San Jose and have been disappointed. I'm so glad I found this place closer to home. I will try to come when they open to get a taste of the meats hot off the smoker!
<review# 1934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,8/18/2013,64,375,2,5,3>We came for lunch on the weekend. It was a pretty good crowd considering they haven't even had their grand opening yet.Everything we ordered was high quality and delicious.  The eggplant polpette in a creamy truffle sauce was the unexpected highlight.We also had the margherita pizza which was simple but tasty. My toddler and the adults enjoyed the cavatelli pasta in beef stew.  Even the mixed greens were very good - the fresh cut corn was a nice touch. It is a nicer pizza place yet family friendly. There were some issues with service but I think they will work it out as they are just starting out. Definitely coming back!
<review# 1935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,8/17/2013,86,189,6,6,4>What a find! I was out for a birthday on a Saturday and my friend kept talking about her craving for Filipino breakfast, so naturally, when I woke up on Sunday morning, the first thing I could think of eating was garlic fried rice, eggs, and sausage. I only knew of The Pantry, which my boyfriend and I also love, but I realized that they don't serve garlic fried rice. Thus began my hunt! That's when I looked up Filipino breakfast on Yelp and came across Good Bites Cafe. Parking is street only so you'll have to be on the lookout for parking as you approach the restaurant, otherwise you'll end up having to go around the long block as my boyfriend and I did. They have one table outside and inside is all patio furniture so it gives it a cute "outside feel" inside. Once seated, your order is taken and then drinks are self serve. Then each table is provided with complimentary hummus and pita. Yum!!! It was so delicious and the pita was nice and warm.I got the longsilog breakfast and my boyfriend got the (I think) tocilog? It was a sweet pork. I actually think I liked my boyfriend's meat better. It was sweet and tender. The longsilog was good too but not as sweet as I expected. The garlic fried rice was perfect and so were the eggs. They also have a good selection of hot sauce.Overall, good experience and I know I'll be back. I also love the interesting food type combo and the owner, Jeff, said it was because it used to be a Middle Eastern restaurant, so he kept that part of it and added on the Filipino food =). Oh - someone else had the adobo, I believe, and that looked really good as well. I may try that next time.
<review# 1936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,8/16/2013,141,329,5,7,5>Another sandwich shop? With the long list already populated by Ike's, Mr. Pickles, the Sandwich Spot etc., is there really room for one more? This lover of all things sandwiches says yes. The more options the merrier!We ordered over the phone, picked up the sandwiches and then ate them at home. The #23 caught my eye: The Raven - chicken, bacon, cheddar cheese with ranch dressing. Of course I got it on Dutch Crunch bread, because is there really any better bread out there?!The sandwich was really really good. What surprised me and sets Gherkins apart from the rest is that they toast their bread. I mean really toast it, but not in a bad way. Loved every bite. And the little baby pickles (gherkins) were tasty and provided a nice crunch every now and then.The staff were really friendly and nice, and I liked the addition of free blow-pops with the order. I haven't had a blow-pop in years!I'm definitely going to add Gherkins Sandwich Shop to my ever expanding rolodex of sandwich shops!
<review# 1937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,8/15/2013,56,302,2,7,4>Oh, my goodness, people this is the real deal! Amazingly creamy hummus, moist chicken kebabs on a platter with said amazingly creamy hummus, excellent Israeli salad - it's all good. My favorite is the labane (emphasis on the first syllable if you want to say it right). Like Greek yogurt on crack. I can't get enough of this stuff. The pita (white and wheat) is always fresh and warm. They are very generous with the portions, too.I've been here multiple times and the service is always very friendly, and low-key--just right for a hummus shop. I actually requested this place for my birhday lunch I like it that much.Parking is awful; it's downtown PA, after all. But the food and the service (especially the food) make Oren's a no-brainer. Go. Go now.
<review# 1938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2013,8/14/2013,93,292,4,4,5>My darling husband and I were lounging in bed when I mumbled that I wanted a donut. Then we both started describing the taste of donuts...and what kind of donuts we wanted. So fat. Of course this led to me rolling over and grabbing my phone to Yelp DONUTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We found a few places and then we both decided to try Chuck's since the apple fritters were mentioned many times and my husband is a slave to le apple fritters.I then decided that I was going to get donuts. So I got dressed and drove 10 minutes to Chuck's all while looking like a train wreck. I ended up buying an apple fritter, a maple ring, and a jelly filled donut.We sampled them all, thought they were all good, and will definitely be going back! After nuking the fritter in the microwave for 45 seconds my husband scarfed it down like nobody's business. The donuts were fresh, the shop looked clean, the donuts were inexpensive, and two rolly polly donut craving Redwood City residents were able to get their donut fix. JEAH!!
<review# 1939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,8/13/2013,292,536,5,7,7>This place is like the asian version of chipotle or counter burger--1. Choose your base (brown/white rice, noodles or salad)2. Choose your protein (tofu, chicken, beef, etc.)3. Choose your veg (bean sprouts, pickled veg, etc.)4. Choose your sauce (fish sauce, etc)Service isn't overly friendly, but eh - it's more of a take-away kinda place.Overall, super healthy and pretty cheap. Couldn't ask for much more, good place for picky healthy eaters :)
<review# 1940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,8/12/2013,1175,863,14,17,10>Weeeee!  What an awesome experience!  My girlfriend and I came in last night for a 1-hour foot massage and I have to admit, my expectations weren't that high.  But we were very pleasantly surprised.The parking lot is behind the building and a little rough....but the path around to the front is really cute and decorated with pretty plants.  The lobby area is clean and bright, and the receptionist is very friendly.  A 1-hour foot massage is normally $35 but last night we were only charged $30 -- maybe it's a first-timer discount or something?  Hey I'm not gonna argue.  The treatment room is large yet cozy.  The chairs are super comfy, separated by wispy curtains that are drawn back if you're there with someone else.  We were immediately served a cup of herbal tea (cute little flowers floating around in it, aww) and given little tubs of warm water to soak our feet.  The treatment unexpectedly began with a scalp & neck massage, followed by arms, and then feet/lower legs.  Way relaxing!  We thought we were done at that point but there was more - back & shoulders.  It's not your typical spa where you get all nakey and oiled up.  Only the feet/lower legs involve any kind of lotion; the rest is pretty much done over towels that are draped on you.  It's different, but in a good way.  Kind of cozy and snuggly.  The room is quiet with ambient music and low lighting.  I kind of expected it to be less spa-like and more noisy-manicure-salon-y so this was an added bonus.  The best thing however....is their hours.  They're open till 10pm!  Most of HMB rolls up its sidewalks at 5 (I've actually been drinking at San Benito House when the bar has been shut down before 10pm before) so this is rare and fucking rad.  I hope they get enough evening business so that this is maintained in the long run.  Oh wait no, the hours aren't the best thing.  The PRICE is.  $35 for one hour is insane.  Especially when you consider a normal $25 pedicure and the 5-minute massage that usually includes.  My girlfriend and I concluded that we could probably afford to come here like once a week or more!  It's so worth it.
<review# 1941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2012,10/29/2012,160,319,3,9,5>This is one of my go to spots for my half marathon training and semi-long runs. The path is paved and there are mile and mile and a half markers. The trail goes for 6 miles, but let me tell you at mile 4.5ish there is a pretty steep incline. I've vowed to only go as long as 8 miles max (out and back) to avoid the hill! The upside of the later part of the trail is that there is more shaded greenery. Parking is tough after work (6pm and later) and only the brave should come out on a Saturday or Sunday morning 8am and beyond. Reckless cyclists and big, wandering groups of people galore. Note: Bathrooms smell pretty badly, and there is no water.
<review# 1942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,10/28/2012,370,1084,5,11,9>and now, i present, review #600!in keeping with my running theme, i'm reviewing another great running store in silicon valley.located in downtown los altos, this is the closest running specialty shop to where i live, so i frequent this location when i'm need of running clothes, nutrition, shoes, or accessories.while i like the small "family-owned" and "homey" feel, the selection is a bit smaller than most other running and sports shops that i visit, so at times, i may not find a particular style that i want or a size that i need.customer service is great as i've always been greeted very warmly by the staff and made to feel like i'm family when i stop in.  their dressing rooms are well lit and very clean.  the store layout is also very organized and easy to follow.they have a free run club that meets every monday and wednesday morning at 6am, outside the store.  distances range from 3-5 miles.there's also a calendar of local running events posted on their window which is a great resource if you're looking for a local race to participate in.
<review# 1943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,10/27/2012,190,545,1,2,1>Was surprised to find such a gem in my own back yard.  Came here for a night of wine and desserts, and everything was excellent.  The service was great, and it's always difficult to go wrong when it comes to wine or dessert.  No complaints here.  Will definately be going back.
<review# 1944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2012,10/26/2012,1509,3598,5,10,7>whoa you can really dress up a bagel and it's awesome.  start with very soft one, fresh, get it garlic and egg, cheese (garlic is like the toasted kind you get with chinese crab preps), and while the bagel flavor gets a little overwhelmed, it still tastes great.  same with marinara BLT bagel.  happy breakfast.
<review# 1945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,10/25/2012,641,501,4,9,6>Have you had a Thai massage before?  If not, go to Bua Thai ASAP. They really work on your knots and tension and everything... Be prepared, it's not for those who think Swedish hurts.  It's deep and quite therapeutic, but not what you would consider "relaxing".Some people call it assisted yoga, and yes, there are some moves like that.  Ask for Aoy or Kally.
<review# 1946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2012,10/24/2012,24,315,,6,7>Yuzu is down the street from my apartment, and is one of the few places around Hillsdale that is open after 9:30pm. It is a small place, and apparently they also own Tami next door. The owners are Japanese, and there are a lot of Japanese people who come here to eat (good sign that it is good!). The menu is also in English, and the servers are very nice. The service is also fast and courteous -- they do not ignore you or continuously pester you to see if you are doing okay.I ordered the sashimi deluxe, and the fish was very fresh and delicious. I would have ordered more food, but I arrived half an hour before closing and I was satiated by the sashimi deluxe. The prices are a bit higher than other sushi places, but it is one of the best in the Bay Area so it is worth it!I would love to come back here again.
<review# 1947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2012,10/23/2012,141,329,2,3,5>Yelp saved the day yet again when I discovered that little STOP sign at the top of my DMV registration renewal. Doesn't it always feel like you just smogged your car?Anywho, 76 Smog Test Center delivered just as my fellow Yelpers said. I called 30 minutes ahead of time and was told that they could fit me in. When I arrived I only had to wait a couple minutes and Norman started the test. Seriously 10 minutes later and he was done! Fast, efficient, and friendly! He even suggested a few things that he noticed while my hood was popped.
<review# 1948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2012,10/22/2012,1,2,7,11,9>i dont write reviews at all, only quick tips. The fact that i am writing a review is a testament to the kind of establishment Clear Optometry is.I first came here to look for new glasses. After doing my research on quality eyeglasses brands, i knew that i did not want anything to do with Lenscrafters and the whole Luxotica corporation that manufactures low quality Raybans etc. Turns out Clear Optometry carries a wide selection of quality brands like SALT, Dita, ic! berlin etc. I went with a pair of Dita eyeglasses. They accept VSP insurance which is also a plus and the customer service is great.The first time i tried their frozen yogurt, it was free sampler size that came with my Dita purchase. Hands down best frozen yogurt ive ever had. To top that off, their mochi is hands down the best ive had at a frozen yogurt shop. I am hooked now. Even though they only have 3 flavors (Original, Mango and Lychee), I'd rather come to Clear Optometry than go to places that have many flavors like Yogurtland, Nubi etc. Their frozen yogurt is just right. Not too tart, not too sweet, creamyish and it doesn't melt away.Their gelato is from Marco Polo and is excellent. Ill have a scoop if im not in the mood for yogurt. This is a rare occasion though.They serve Blue Bottle drip coffee which i hear from coffee enthusiasts is one of the best in the bay area next to Four Barrel, Philz and Ritual. I havent tried it because i dont really drink coffee.They have ice cream from Ici which they rotate flavors around everyday like all hipster ice cream spots. If there is an interesting flavor on that chalkboard, ill try it. Its no Mr. & Mrs Miscellaneous but its very good. That's a compliment for Clear Optometry btw.They have recently started selling Sibby's cupcakes also. Due to my girlfriend's obsession to try cupcakes from every cupcake shop in the bay area, i have eaten at many many cupcake establishments. Im no cupcake connoisseur but these are the best cupcakes ive had in the bay area. Better than Teacake, Sprinkles, That Takes the Cake, Kara's, ... you get the idea.Clear Optometry has many things to offer but there is one thing that they truly understand: QUALITY
<review# 1949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,10/21/2012,130,243,6,4,4>I enjoyed a ridiculously fabulous lunch here this week.  Wow.  I felt like a judge on Iron Chef America.  My head spun.  9 courses.   Special treatment galore.   Glad someone else paid!In an otherwise unassuming location on Palo Alto's California Avenue there sits Baumé, hiding quietly behind darkened windows.  The place is decorated by someone who clearly paid attention in class.  Very chic mixture of NYC fancy joint and, oh, let's say the restaurant in Ratatouille.  Fortunately the courses were all chosen for me.  It is not clear that my advanced degrees have prepared me sufficiently for ordering properly.  Frankly I cannot remember the names of everything, but the food is amazing.  If you just made millions from the Facebook IPO, bring one or two over here, order some amazing food and great wine, and dig in.  Great for the price-is-no-object crowd.
<review# 1950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2012,10/20/2012,89,155,2,10,3>Been here 8+ times using either the spa baths or having massage, or both.The main reason we visit watercourse way is for the private hot tub rooms, the massages and treatments can be a toss up and expensive. So if you're planning on coming here book the spa tub along with your massage or treatment.It is great to have a spa in the bay area that is clean and has several private hot tub/spa rooms especially if one is self-conscious of their body. They can really relax at this place cause there isn't any on-lookers when you're in the tub or also dealing with people who don't care about their body and come into the public hot tub area naked, I don't want to see that junk while I'm trying to relax!! I've been to about 5 different bathhouse rooms. Some just have a hot tub with shower, while others have a sauna, cold water plunge, hot tub and shower. It's 5 more dollars to get the sauna, and cold plunge but the rooms are themed and are better quality....so just pay the 5 bucks!I've had good experiences and meh ok experiences with their massage therapists. My boyfriend had also mixed experiences with them. For instance, one massage therapist complained about the long hours working there and how she didn't like watercourse way, was being overbooked, and was going to quit soon all while my boyfriend was getting a massage. WHO DOES THAT?! While other times for him and I have been good and relaxing. Also if you do happen to encounter a massage therapist you like, get their card so that next time they can massage you also.
<review# 1951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2012,11/9/2012,183,144,4,8,6>First time eating Burmese food. Would I come back? HECKS YES!Yes I must agree it's a little pricey for the food, but there aren't that many Burmese restaurants I know around here. HECK, I don't think I would've even walked in here...My friend and I were getting lunch before work. And no offense, I love the typical Crepevine and all that jazz down the street food. I like a little change every now and then. Of course I walked into here scared of what I was going to end up eating. My friend assured me that EVERYTHING is good, uhm.. it's your second time here, so really?I ordered the lunch special (11.95): substituting the Papaya Salad with Mango Salad and the Beef Ragoon. It came with soup of the day: Hot & Sour Soup (not my cup of soup)My friend ordered a different lunch special(11.95 +$1.00 to change the type of salad if you want Tea Leave): Tea Leave Salad with Spicy Chicken Basil. We both ordered a side of Coconut rice for $1.95  (which was a little much for me ($) but it goes with the food so well!!)I love what they did with the Tea Leave Salad because everything is laid out on the plate, bits of everything. And the waiter brings it to you and tell you everything that's on the plate. Then he's there to, literally, TOSSED/MIXED up the salad for you. That's legit...LOVE the food. JUST LOVE. I ended up taking it home because I wasn't that hungry. But the portions were reasonably sized for lunch. I've been told that dinner is quite busy. Lunch was a full house already, with only one or two tables open every 30 minutes. BTW take a look at the wall art and decorations, one word: GORGEOUS.
<review# 1952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2012,11/8/2012,29,229,4,6,4>It starts and ends with the ribs.  Full and meaty, they are tender to the bite but still hold onto the bone.  The sweet sauce wasn't overpowering.The mac and cheese was plentiful and creamy.  The trip-tip that came along with my Combo #3 was good, but couldn't stand out on its own compared with the ribs.The cornbread was large and light.FYI:  I went there on a Friday night, and had no problems ordering the ribs.FYI 2:  I think they went on a Labor Day vacation, which is why they weren't open the past week or so.
<review# 1953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,11/7/2012,659,1527,3,6,6>Flowers here are beautiful.  I have an orchid from here in my house and it is stunning. I picked it for the unique color and the amazing symmetry.  I have also been to events where Avenue Florist has done the flowers and the arrangements were gorgeous. Service is friendly and accommodating. All in all, a great place to get flowers or arrangements.   Recommend.
<review# 1954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,11/6/2012,154,83,6,5,6>My daddy used to take me here as a kid - I think if I looked hard enough I could find our names on one of the booths.Came here the other night to grab a burger, Guinness and watch the Spurs game. Met a few regulars, had a good time and went home. This place is simple but they have lots of TV's to watch the games and Guiness on tap so I'm a happy girl.They don't have a full bar though - only beer and wine.
<review# 1955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,11/5/2012,64,110,4,5,4>yes Im a FAN! Came here with husband when we began dating and come here for special occations. Usually for my husbands birthday because he lovessssss the Jerk Chicken and Ox tail. I recommend if you are going with more than 4 ppl to do family style. You get more for your money. I love it when chefs go and say hi to the patrons it makes it more personal and a great environment. The Jerk chicken: AwesomePlantains: Legit. Im from latin america and this is as close as it gets.Jerk Pork: very juicy and tenderDrinks are great and the bartender is not stingy with the alcohol (thats a +)Cant wait for my next visit
<review# 1956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2012,11/3/2012,184,711,4,5,4>Based on the price and quantity of food, New Mongolian BBQ earns 5 stars without hesitation. Sure, it may not be the most gourmet meal, but all you can eat for less than $10 isn't something to argue with! I can't speak to the quality or taste of the meat (I'm a tofu kind of gal), but in regards to the veggie and sauce selection (and tofu) everything was a-ok. Love that I can go there and load up on fresh veggies (woohoo broccoli!) and then have them stir fried in a conglomerate of delicious sauces and noodles. Granted, waiting in line to grab your food and have them cook it on the flat top can be a bit time consuming, its definitely well worth it. Just something to take note of in case you're in a bit of a time crunch. Give yourself at least 30-40 mins to dine in and 20 for take out (which for only $7 is an amazing deal!). You can fit A LOT of food in that to-go box, so be sure to pile it on high! They also offer basic veggie egg rolls, egg drop soup, and vanilla soft serve, which of course is AYCE as well! Some may say the food is so-so, but I think its quite the steal! Hooray for endless broccoli and tofu!
<review# 1957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2012,11/2/2012,72,200,2,9,7>I have really grown to like this place. Today I went in for moca chip gelatto (delicious). This place has lots of yummy treats. Previous times I've had their thai iced tea which I was very pleased with the taste. They also used to have gelatto cheesecake which I miss dearly!They have a wide variety of sweet and salty crepes which I haven't yet tried, but would definitely like to in the future. They always have a daily special. Today I noticed that they have gelatto milkshakes which I found to be very tempting! Will have to try that next time too :-) I found it to be very reasonably priced considering the quality of the ingredients.Overall I've always had a pleasant experience at this place - The owner Dave is very friendly and attentive. I like the small tables they have inside and outside. The place inside is very narrow, which makes it slightly uncomfortable when people are standing/ordering right next to you. I prefer the outdoor seating. I like that they always have utensils and napkins laid out, it gives the place a welcoming touch.They are eco friendly too! The gelatto is served in recyclable/reusable cups. They come in nice colors too and you can keep them if you want :-) They also recycle the sample spoons or ask that you use your sample spoon for your dessert. They're great about picking up the place quick and its always spick and span! I've really enjoyed this small, local business since it became a part of Crystal Springs Village. It's been a nice asset and I've seen it has become more and more popular over time. Glad to have it close by!
<review# 1958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2012,11/1/2012,348,168,3,9,7>Today, I came 10 minutes before the market was supposed to close and I got the best deals ever! Everything must go and I got free hot dog, my daughter got free balloon, super good deals on fruits and veggies! The market has anything you may need: fresh bread, great selection of vegetables and fruits, stand with Polish food, Hummus stand and other ones.If you love food from local farms for reasonable price - this is the place to be. They changed their hours and open till 7 now.
<review# 1959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,10/31/2012,265,124,6,10,6>Give me a moment...I don't think I have enough adjectives to properly review this place. But I'll give it a shot.Food?Folks, it's a dream come true. When you take your first bite of the spicy chicken kebab mixed with some rice and grilled tomatoes, drizzled with their signature yogurt.... the moment is more beautiful than a caterpillar transforming into a butterfly... more magnificent than fireworks on the Fourth of July... more--- well, you get the picture. The spices are just right, never overpowering. The meat has always been juicy and succulent. The rice is fluffy and they give you LOADS of it. You are given a enormous piece of pita wrap in case you don't prefer rice. They have there grilled veggies down to a science. And of course, dont you dare forget to purchase the yogurt from inside the market.Price?Dirt cheap, seriously. I get my meal for about $6! And they give you SO MUCH FOOD.Location?It is on the other end of Castro Street past El Camino Real towards the residential area. You order at the register in the market, and then they intercom your order to the back of the building and you take a stroll to the back of the building on the parking lot side. Totally, had me confused the first time I went here... but I personally think it adds to why Rose's is so special and different. There's no indoor seating, so you either take it to-go or you dine in the outdoor seating area. Tip: They get CRAZY busy especially around lunch. I suggest ordering before hand.PS- Thank you Ashley C for sharing!!!
<review# 1960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2012,10/30/2012,103,78,12,17,15>The history of The Van's is a colorful tale that dates back to around the turn of the twentieth century. Built in 1915, it originally was erected to house part of the Japanese Exhibition at the Panama Pacific International Exposition held in the San Francisco Marina District in commemoration of the opening of the Panama Canal.Old-fashioned steak houseGreat steaks; nice desserts Nice view of San Francisco BayWeekly dinner specialsFriendly food service; stolid host
<review# 1961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2010,11/14/2010,293,735,6,7,6>I'm a wannabe audiophile trying to set up my Pioneer PL-50 turntable and Luxman L-480 integrated amp with no clue how to operate a record player. I brought my turntable to Vinyl Solutions today because it wasn't working. Tommy took a look at it and said it's because the belt was broken; it's been sitting idly for 30 years so it had turned into this sticky, tar-like substance. He cleaned it up with rubbing alcohol and was able to find a suitable replacement belt for me. I'm waiting for him to replace the stylus too. Hoping it won't be too expensive!A few weeks ago, I bought 25 LPs from the clearance classical section 5 for $1.99. If you go now and you're looking for Debussy, you're out of luck, because I bought them all. Hey Yelpers, please go sell some Satie LPs to Vinyl Solutions? I can't wait until my turntable is in working order and I can finally listen to all the LPs I bought. :)-----The stylus took longer than expected to come in, but the maintenance, parts and labor were $40 just like I was quoted over the phone. I'll definitely be back for more LPs and will bring my turntable here for any repairs in the future.
<review# 1962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2010,11/13/2010,364,464,5,9,7>Well! the crazy fan notwithstanding, I kept my appointment with Christine and ended up getting my next too.These sisters deserve their five star ratings coz they are the best!  Christina spoke to me about what i aspired for,  I wanted arched eyebrows and got them. I am an example for,' you are not born with the best of eyebrows but they can be perfected at the hands of an artist-Christina'.She spends time on you(nearly fifteen minutes on doing the eyebrows) but I love the outcome. Simply perfect!The wait, the silly email wars are all totally worth it to meet this goddess who can give you the best-est eyebrows.Yay to local business and global talent!PS: they don't accept tips, they believe the best tip is when you schedule your next appointment, ain't that cool!
<review# 1963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2010,11/12/2010,196,204,6,11,9>Finally something good has come out of all the construction going on behind my parents' house!  Now, no gym can really compare to the ARC at UC Irvine, but this one comes pretty darn close.  Of course it has the benefit of being brand new and shiny, but what makes a good gym great is the staff, and SMAC doesn't let down there.  From the front desk staff to membership services, they're all super friendly and eager to please.  They definitely are taking the initiative to put out a positive image.  As for the facility itself, it's pretty stacked.  The main floor is filled with treadmills, ellipticals, and a good number of benches, freeweights, machines, and smiths.  They also have a ton of soft mats for stretching and floor exercises.  Unfortunately these mats slide on their rubber floor like greased up pigs so if you're trying to do something more active on them they'll slide out from under you.  Just a small issue and you're always welcome to bring your own mat.  The other floors are filled with various workout rooms where they hold classes that are included in your membership dues.  Meaning you can just drop in whenever you feel like without paying more.  That's pretty awesome!  The heated outdoor pools look nice, but I still find the weather up in Norcal to be too cold to try it out.  The locker room is very large and has plenty of lockers and showers.  They also offer up small workout towels but no shower towels.  Overall this is a great facility and since it's so close to my house I can actually run to it as a warm up.  Definitely an awesome addition to the San Mateo area!
<review# 1964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2010,11/11/2010,210,226,8,9,8>I'm tempted to knock it down half a star because they don't serve ramen during dinner time but the sashimi, sushi, and appetizers are pretty damn good so it would be unfair for me to do so.Sashimi is fresh and mmm good. Lion king roll.  Filling and tastyspicy white tuna hand roll--- ooooooh so goodHamachi kama.  Grilled to perfection!home made gyoza - friggin awesomePrices?  Pretty damn good in my opinion.  Between 2 people, all those things and more for just over $60Yea.. I'm coming back.
<review# 1965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2010,11/10/2010,896,808,33,36,36>My 450th Review has to involve chocolate (you know it!) and be about something damn tasty.What qualifies a business to get 5 stars from me? The irresistible urge to go there despite my inconvenience, a stellar product, and good customer service.Have I ever Premature eYelpulated®? Why, yes, I have. What is Premature eYelpualation®, you ask? When I get so excited about a business, I give it 5 stars before conducting all my research. Then I might sheepishly go back and edit my rating. I reserve the right to edit and update. After all, this isn't my day job.I'm not sure how much research I can do on Jett Cakes without further damage to my already non-existent waistline.That being said, I am very excited about the few cupcakes I've tried from Jett Cakes. So far I've only had the chocolate Jett cupcakes (a small variety is available daily at Cowabunga Creamery in San Carlos), and they were delicious, super chocolaty, moist and velvety.What else about Jett Cakes?+ They are a mom-and-pop business.+ They make many flavors of cakes, cupcakes, and cookies from scratch.+ They bake with local, sustainable, and mostly organic ingredients.+ They use Guittard and Scharffenberger (oh baby!) chocolate.+ They have a truck you can follow on Twitter.+ They deliver two dozen or more cupcakes free to San Carlos, Redwood City and Belmont. Was it good for you too, babe? Ahhhhhhhhhh....
<review# 1966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2010,11/9/2010,3171,1316,23,25,22>LAMB CHOP LAMB CHOP LAMB CHOP.That is all you need to know and that is all you need to get.Grilled octopus for apps were decent; soft and chewy, but missing the grilled taste. I ordered the grilled whole fish Mediterranean sea bass ($32) and greens, paired with Thomas Fogarty Pinot Noir. Tasted very well with a squeeze of lemon.My friend regretted his goat dish after tasting my girlfriend's excellent LAMB CHOP. It was INSANELY GOOD, perfectly cooked with the right seasonings. With savory potatoes, the dish was unbeatable compared to the whole fish and goat.Super busy on a Monday night, so the service was somewhat slow, but tolerable. Ambiance was nice with warm tones and loud.For dessert. the Evvia Sundae was over-the-top indulgence ($12), but worthy for those Sweet Toothers.HIGHLY RECOMMEND the lamb chop. Period.
<review# 1967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2010,11/8/2010,66,428,2,5,5>Went here for my b-day celebration and am happy I did.I had the scallop appetizer as my entree and it was PERFECT!  They were little teeeny scallops, which surprised me, but the flavor was amazing.I liked their garlic naan and their daal, which is not something we typically order, but it was yummy- even as a leftover.  I also had the garden veggie salad, which was ho-hum.Everyone else at the table had tandoori.  The general consensus was that the chicken was better than the lamb.I really liked the decor.  It definately had a festive vibe, but there was no birthday dessert or other celebration offered, even though my husband made it a point of telling the waiter it was my brithday.  Despite that, it is a nice special occasion or date-night spot.
<review# 1968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2010,11/7/2010,75,125,5,8,5>The Background:200+ reviews, 5 stars, this has to be an amazing place.  Luckily for me and everyone else who's been here, it is.  Although they advertise 9 minute oil change, I got out of there in less then 5 without ever getting out of my car.  To top it off, they're a mom and pop shop so you can keep your money in the community.The Positives:This place is super fast.  I've seriously never had a faster oil change, or for that matter, one in which I didn't have to get out of the car. The cameras and tv screens to show you what they were doing was also super nice.  On top of the speed, the owners and workers are super friendly and nice about everything.  Finally, I'm not sure why everyone else says they're expensive, but they're cheaper then both jiffy lube/pep boys for hybrid cars.The Negatives: None
<review# 1969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2010,11/6/2010,103,187,3,4,4>Still not disappointing me here!!!Finding out last minute you are going to a Giants game - AWESOME!Realizing you hadn't had time to eat lunch and aren't going to have time before you jump on the train to meet your homies - LAME!Getting a phone call saying your friends missed the train and you have 30 minutes till the next one - PERFECT, time for Savvy!Ok, in thirty minutes my hubby and I were able to imbibe two glasses of wine AND get a super yummy cheese plate to-go!  Can we talk about how not only convenient it was to be able to get the cheesy goodness to-go, but also about the delicious and super generous portion they provided?!!  Three different cheeses, a mound of fresh bread, figs, almonds, jam and butter... it was spot on; just the right thing to quiet my now growling stomach!Simply put, Savvy I still adore you - you help me out when in need.   My devotion for you only grows...
<review# 1970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2010,11/5/2010,562,1006,7,7,6>Wow.  I try not to give places 5 stars until I've been there at least a couple times and had stellar experiences, but my mom, boyfriend and I were all blown away by this place.  My mom grew up in Maine, and I spent summers in Maine growing up, so we know authentic New England food, and my mom swears this is one of the best lobster rolls she's ever had in her life.  My mom had the Maine lobster roll, my boyfriend had the naked lobster roll (mayo and melted butter on the side), and I had lobster mac 'n cheese.   All the meals were $18.75.  Yep, its very pricey, but it's what you expect to pay for authentic lobster, especially in the bay area, the most overpriced area in the world.   It's definitely the most expensive order-at-the-counter meal you'll ever have in your life.  The lobster mac was good but not the best I've had (although it had TONS of lobster chunks) but the lobster rolls were just unbelievable, and absolutely authentic, served on buttered New England style top-loading hot dog buns and everything.  The fries that came with the rolls were fantastic as well!    We showed up at 6 pm on a Saturday night and were able to grab a table without a wait, but by the time we left there was a line out the door, so come early if you're trying to hit this place up on a weekend.    I was just there and I'm already dreaming about my next visit!!(Best ___: Best Lobster Roll)
<review# 1971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,9/1/2014,93,292,4,6,4>Hands down the best tailoring experience I've ever had (well, with the exception of the lady that fixed my wedding dress). Nancy is personable, efficient, honest, and prompt. I brought a skirt in to Nancy, and let me tell you, it was WAY too small. WAY TOO SMALL. Somehow she got her workers to work their magic and that skirt now fits like a glove. I was actually SHOCKED that she was able to get the skirt to fit.She had me try on the skirt, gave me a price, scheduled a time for me to try it on, I came back, she suggested more alterations, and the skirt was ready for me a few days later. I'm going here for ALL of my tailoring needs!
<review# 1972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2014,8/31/2014,836,728,10,13,9>JERK CHICKENJERK CHICKENJERK CHICKENOH, AND FRIED PLANTAINS!!! :DIt's soooo good!!!! Way better than Coconut Caribbean in Palo Alto! Their jerk chicken and fried plantains are amazingly delicious!! After all these years, I finally made it to Back A Yard! :D I've been craving Caribbean food for awhile! We dined inside the very tiny hole-in-the-wall restaurant in Menlo Park for dinner on a weeknight. The area can be a bit ghetto with a few homeless people asking us for money as we walked up to the door of the restaurant. Luckily, we found some street parking in the residential side of Willow Road. I recommend just ordering the food to go and eating it at home.Tips:- order: jerk chicken & fried plantains... to go!
<review# 1973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,8/30/2014,44,48,5,8,5>A month after my one-year warranty expired, my iPhone 5's power button stops working. Of course. The Apple store told me it was an impossible fix and that I would need to get a new phone, which made me mad enough to seriously consider switching to a Samsung. Shocking, I know. Luckily, I found these guys and they were able to fix it and replace my dead battery (dead power button, dead battery, I have bad iPhone juju, what can I say?) for less than $120 and in about an hour. Couldn't ask for better, faster service.
<review# 1974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2014,8/29/2014,117,86,5,5,5>Such a huge fan of Ike's! (Although I have heard that the Redwood City Ike's Lair doesn't measure up) I've tried the Ike's in SF before and loved it and of course I was elated to find out one opening in San Mateo. So close and convenient. I love this place mainly cause it has that amazing to die for sauce commonly know as the godfather sauce and the plethora of vegan/vegetarian options and their sandwiches a substantial size. I came here on a Sunday afternoon around 1pm and it wasn't crazy busy when I went in but after we ordered the customers started piling in! The only thing was the sandwiches did take a bit longer than I thought they would but they'll just have to work on efficiency a little. All the sandwiches we got were super bomb. We got the Tom Brady, the Holy Name Panthers and the Steve Young. All deliciously amazing! and free addition of pickles, jalapenos, peppercioni, or mustard! all you need to do is ask! Even my dad was impressed and he is very hard to impress and a tough critic! Two thumbs up Ike's! Keep up the good work!
<review# 1975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2014,8/28/2014,100,285,61,65,64>A wine bar like only Northern California does wine bars, Vino Locale has a surprising deep cellar and a very robust kitchen.  It's a place I expect I'll keep going back to.After a visit to the gym that yielded an awesome burn and that exceptional kind of soreness you get to tell you that you did SOMETHING right that day, I headed to Palo Alto to grab some dinner.  It took me a while to decide where to eat, but I finally settled on Vino Locale, which is a wine bar that Sidney S. introduced me to a while back.  It's a bit bigger than The Wine Room, but still quite cozy.  Built inside an old Victorian House on a small side street just off of University, it's got a decent number of food choices, though not as many as you'd find in a true restaurant.  The focus is still decidedly on wine, which is AOK by me!  Their prices are decent as far as wine bars go, and I think what they say on their wine menu is spot on:"Our shelves are filled with small production wines from the Santa Cruz Mountains, Santa Clara, Alameda and Contra Costa counties and about 80 percent of our rotating wine list has a uber-local focus.  The rest of our pours originate in Monterey and the Central Coast, with a smattering of Sonoma, Amador, Napa and Mendocino wines as well." There was live music on the patio out front, but that wasn't my mood, so I got a seat at a small table in one of the small inside dining rooms.  I looked over the wine list, and ask to try a couple of the by-the-glass choices before I settled on The Downhill Cellars 2006 Cabernet from Napa.  It didn't set my personal world on fire, but it was good, and reasonably priced at $14 a glass; perfect to sip as I enjoyed a little quiet time and thought about what to order.  The food menu had almost completely changed since the first time I went to VL with Sidney.  I asked the waiter about the two dishes that I remembered (Hummas - fresh, home-made; drizzled with olive oil and served with pita and Bacon Wrapped Dates - Dates wrapped in Niman Ranch Smoked Applewood Bacon).  He went to ask the chef about them, but by the time he came back I had been tantalized by one of the entrees from the weekend special: Sultan's Delight - Short Rib Stew Served on Eggplant Puree with Seasonal Vegetables.  I asked the waiter about that one; he hadn't tried it yet, so he offered to bring me a sample!  That, and the fact that he was so easy-going about the wine samples I had asked for previously raised his tip in my mind another 10%.I ordered the "Sultan's Delight", and was very happy with it.  The short ribs were exceptionally tender and flavorful, and I really enjoyed the way the flavors blended with the eggplant puree.  The seasonal vegetables turned out to be green beans - crisp, nicely seasoned, and simply too delicious to be something I used to avoid because it's good for me :-)  The entree was served with a small side of warm pita, which soaked up the remains of the ribs and puree quite nicely.All too soon I finished the meal, then read about the latest adventures of those big, playful boys in Washington as they continue to drag the wheels of government to a standstill because they can't have what they want when they want it.  I simply let it amuse me while I sipped the last of my wine.  Afterward, I headed over to the Stanford to take in an outstanding classic Bogart flick called "Dark Passage".  Bogart plays a convict, wrongly accused of killing his wife, who escapes and is aided by a Good Samaritan (Lauren Bacall) who helps him get plastic surgery, and ends up falling in love with his "new" face.  Bogart's face is unseen or in bandages for the first half of the film, but when the surgery is done, he looks just like Bogie!I'll be back to see how the wine menu changes with time, and to try more of the food options.  For now, I'll give them a good solid four stars; the food didn't dazzle me on either of my visits, but it was good enough that I know I'll be coming back for more.
<review# 1976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,8/26/2014,171,226,5,6,7>Awesome studio in Menlo Park with a great variety of classes. Fran, the owner, is so nice and knowledgeable and also offers private Pilates sessions. My sister and I have tried a private duet session with her and we also tried the $40 first month unlimited classes client special.  It's really great deal and a nice way to try out the variety of the studio.  The Yoga classes are great and I love that they also offer Kettlebell classes.  My favorite class here was definitely Zumba -- the teacher was hilarious, energetic, and it was an insanely fun cardio workout.   There are two large bathrooms where you can change and also ample cubbies to store your purses, shoes, and other belongings INSIDE the classroom which I really like.  Sometimes you get worried if your things are out by the door! Parking is limited and can be a little crazy.  You may want to park in a different lot and walk over (avoid the small lot if possible!)
<review# 1977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,8/25/2014,437,748,4,6,4>After eating an ice cream sandwich, this was the perfect place to go to burn off those calories!This trampoline place was nice, bright, open and clean. For $12/hr, you can opt to go barefoot, or pay $2 for their special socks (no wearing your own socks allowed).First area was the rope/foam area. You jump on up on a block, swing on a rope and fall into a pit of foam. The thrill of no worrying about getting hurt. Then it was off the the normal foam pits with trampolines leading up to the foam. Perfect for doing flips (which I'm shocked that I can do. That totally means that anyone can do a flip)!There's also a trampoline basketball area and dodgeball! Super fun and it feels SO good to be able to hit a kid and get away with it! (I'm not nomally violent, I swear). I was wrong before. I love swinging on that rope, but there's no thrill like knowing that you finally got that kid out who think he's the sh*t with your usually horrible aim and you cheer that your arms that you don't work out at all made that happen. Anyways.. and then there's the area of the land of trampolines, when you jump on it for just about 5 minutes, realize how tired and out of shape you are and wonder how you are going to make it through the next 55 minutes. Nevertheless, it's super fun, gives you a total workout and have you wondering why you are so sore the next day. My only complaint (other than we couldn't wear our own socks) was that they don't regulate too well and you have kids cutting you in line, getting in your way or doing thing's they're not suppose to.
<review# 1978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,8/24/2014,751,274,6,4,4>This is one of my guilty pleasures. I drink enough coffee throughout the week so I am not much of a coffee drinker on the weekend, but I make it a point to go to Zoom on Sundays. Eric is a super friendly guy that you can't help it but stand there and chit chat with him. I'm don't drink caffeine so my favorite is his Iced Decaf. They use such great beans and the taste is on point.A super plus is that they donate their profits to Stanford Hospital. They are mobile so you can catch them across the street from the Mountain View Farmer's market on Sundays.
<review# 1979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2014,8/23/2014,57,183,4,5,7>Man oh man, what a great meal we had at Blue Line... Believe the hype. This place has great food, great service, and is over-the-top family friendly. Food:Started with a large mixed salad to share with the table. Nicely dressed mixed greens and herbs with tomatoes, walnuts, feta, red pepper. A great start to the meal. Opted for the deep dish Blue Line plus green olives. Apart from a couple bites that were overwhelming with roasted garlic (not a bad flavor, just a whole lot of it!), this was a fantastic pizza. Cornmeal crust which snapped delightfully when you cut into it, a great mix of cheeses (ricotta, feta, mozzarella), and tasty veg (mushrooms, onions, and spinach). So good I didn't miss the meat one bit. But you can be damn sure I'll be back to try the classic deep dish with sausage. I don't agree with other yelpers comments about the one-dimensional sauce; I thought it was fresh and flavorful. But sauce is such a personal thing, I invite you to make your own assessment. Kids pizzas were great, too. For five bucks each they got personal cheese pizzas that were mini-deep dish. My 7-year-old proclaimed that she really liked pizza after two bites. High praise. I love that they have some great beers on tap; I opted for Ballast Point Sculpin, and next time I might even have a cocktail before dinner. The full bar looked quite inviting. Service:Awesome. When we arrived we were first told it may be a 20 minute wait. Within 5 minutes we were told that they were able to get a table set for us upstairs. Love that. Our server's name was Callie, and she was a sweetheart. It was obvious to me that the staff is very well trained. Props to management for doing it right. Vibe:Good and loud. Modern-ish interior with an upstairs space (during our visit they put all the families upstairs, which I thought was excellent space management - we could all make noise and make a mess without ruining other people's dinner). Clean and simple, but not cold. It felt really comfortable in there. Bar had a chic but easy vibe, and I can see myself hanging out there in the near future. Family-friendly:Kids menus come on the back of a little drawing slate for the kids to play with. That's. Frickin. Awesome. Kids drinks delivered in kids cups with straws and lids without having to ask for them. More. Frickin. Awesome. Blue Line effectively allows both parents and kids to have a nice meal. We'll be coming back often. Summary:I love Chicago, and I love deep dish pizza. But I won't be itching to go back to Chi-town anytime soon, because I can get great deep dish in San Carlos. Love the "half-baked" option as well as the curbside service for takeout pies. Blue Line, you are doing it right and after just one visit have earned one more regular customer!
<review# 1980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2014,8/22/2014,55,102,6,9,6>A wonderful preserve with trails for runners, joggers, and hikers. Unlike the majority of other nearby preserves, the trails are well shaded before the summit. Exit the roundabout at "Cristo Rey Dr." Turn left at the sign "Rancho San Antonio Park". The first parking lot is split for hikers and equestrians, and the rest of the parking lots can be found to the right. The parking lots are linked together by this road like the multiple stomachs of a cow. Avoid this place on the weekends, as it becomes a playground for families with kids and young mothers with strollers. Which brings me to the fact that the trails here allow two hikers to walk side by side for the most part. But this means you'll have to move single file past oncoming hikers. For wider trails, I'd suggest making your way to Almaden Quicksilver County Park. Families and joggers often traverse the trails from the parking lots up to Deer Hollow Farm. For a pleasant break in hiking, certainly visit the farm animals. Farther up the hill, you may still run into the occasional pair of friends who just won't stop gabbing. Minus one star, because my perfect hike is peaceful and quiet. That, plus you have to get beyond the farm for a decent hike. For an easy intermediate hike to Vista Point: Cross the bridge at the end of the equestrian parking lot, take Coyote Trail (to Farm Bypass Trail), then High Meadow Trail up to Vista Point. Vista Point is a tranquil spot for a small snack and/or small lunch picnic. Approximately 2 hours there and back.  Look out for: wild turkeys (and their poults), large squirrels, and fresh horse patties.
<review# 1981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2012,6/8/2012,370,1084,2,8,5>i went for the 1st time last night, and was pleasantly surprised.  i actually expected a really tiny farmers' market since downtown los altos isn't that big.  it spanned roughly 2 long blocks, and featured fresh produce, meat, organic bath products, and multiple food trucks.  there was also a book signing last night.  i appreciated seeing tables and chairs interspersed throughout the market.  definitely a very family-friendly event.  note that you might need to spend a few more minutes looking for parking, but if you're willing to walk an extra block or two, you'll find plentiful parking spaces.i'll definitely come back again.
<review# 1982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,6/7/2012,636,81,8,8,10>Their soft serve ice cream with their mini taiyaki filled with dessert filling is to die for!! I'm always the one to burn my mouth from being so eager to pop those little bite size babies into my mouth. The creamy filling is the perfect sweetness and perfect texture. The staff is very pleasant but be ready to wait. These miniature fishy pastries that are made after you order and they're not something that is made in a minute. This is a dessert spot, not a "let's go here for a big dessert spot." They're different from your typical dessert and it makes them oh so yummy! Also if you're looking to sit and have a nice private date, it's also not your place. They have one table there that people can sit at while you wait, but people will be hovering over you while they stand in line.
<review# 1983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,6/6/2012,190,545,3,3,2>The first time I went here I was told it was about an hour wait...far too hungry to wait, we left and went somewhere else.  Mind you this was a weekday night, yet this place was packed.  Mental note:  Must come back with reservations.A few months later, I finally was able to feast upon the delights that la bodeguita has to offer.  We started with mojitos, excellent way to start a meal!  Then followed with mussels and empanadas.  The mussels were really tasty and I loved that the sauce had a bit of a kick to it.  The empanadas weren't bad either.  We then had the ropa vieja which is shredded steak, peppers, rice, and plantanos.  This was seasoned very well and and really liked the plantanos.
<review# 1984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,6/5/2012,206,213,5,6,7>AMAZING!  Delicious tantilizing Caribbean Jerk flavor on my tastebuds!  It's been a while since i've written a review but nothing really inspired me to until 2 days ago.  Jerk chicken & pork combo plate....comes with plantains, rice & beans and a side salad.  I wasn't too hungry so I convinced the hubby to share.  Bad idea.  It was so good I wanted to order another plate to myself but the line was already crazy long!  I admit, the chicken was a bit dry but the jerk sauce that it is lathered in makes you forget it.  Tangy but with a little kick... Heck, the sauce is so good that you could probably put it on cardboard and i'd eat it.  haha...maybe not, but i'd lick it for sure!The pork was better than the chicken to me.  Juicy, moist and delicious!  And the plantains!  Best plantains I have ever had.  Crispy on the outside with just the right balance between salty and sweet.  I honestly might come back here this weekend for some of their weekend specials (oxtail & goat curry) with a huge side of jerk sauce!  Yummmm...can't wait!
<review# 1985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,6/4/2012,107,216,2,3,3>I love this little market!It is simple... nothing fancy. Their products are fresh and prices are great.Obviously if you're fan of Wholefoods' perfect order and shine... don't come here.This store / market is small, kind of messy: that is to say, you will not have perfectly shaped, bright red apples mounted like a pyramid. Instead, you will find a bunch of lettuces here, a bunch of mushrooms there etc.You will find more local products and a more developed choice of cheeses, meats, dairy, patisserie etc. foods from Europe.The staff there knows what they are doing and selling! I one day asked a question about a particular French cheese... The answer and details I received were much more elaborated than what I was expecting!I just wish they expand soon!
<review# 1986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2012,6/3/2012,35,247,3,5,4>What a wonderful evening at Village Pub!First, it should be noted that the restaurant is a bit hard to find. There's a sign out on Woodside, but parking is actually behind the building. Pull into the parking lot to the left of the sign and park anywhere in that lot.Once we found the place, I was impressed with the atmosphere. It was both romantic and lively at the same time. There's a really cool wood burning stove in the back. I walked by it and could see all the way to the kitchen. Definitely an interesting feature. The restaurant was surprisingly noisy, however. All the tables were filled, and everyone was happily talking. I found it a little hard to hear my husband at times.The first menu to our table was a wine menu (or should I say Bible?). It offered up a huge selection of wines and drinks. You can get a glass of wine for $8 or a bottle for $5000. I opted for the house Chardonnay. :) The waitress brought out the bottle and let me taste the wine before pouring my glass. That was a nice touch.For dinner, my husband ordered the pork. I got the Brandino (a fish - I had to look this up). While waiting for the meal, we actually received lots of complimentary food! First, an assortment of bread was brought to our table and we could select a piece from the 3 different options (white, wheat, and one other I can't remember). The bread was alright .. I was expecting it to be freshly baked and warm, but it wasn't.Next came a little cup of soup. I *think* it was a green garlic soup, but, like I mentioned earlier, I was having trouble hearing due to the noise level. The soup was quite salty! I like salty, so it was good. :)After the soup, we were given another complementary item: a small portion of their beet salad with goat cheese mousse. OMG, this was to die for. I typically don't like beets or goat cheese, but this was amazing! I would definitely get this next time for an appetizer.Finally the food came. My plate had a beautiful presentation. Each item was thoughtfully positioned on the plate. The food was delicious. The combination of the fish and pomme puree was amazing. There was a brown sauce on the puree, reminiscent of a gravy, but beautifully caramelized and savory. The accompanying shrimp were a bit disappointing, however, not as fresh as I was expecting. But overall, I thoroughly enjoyed the dish.My husband also enjoyed his meal, but not as much as I enjoyed mine. The pork was a little too fatty for his taste.We followed up the meal with the souffle that everyone raves about. And yes, it was delicious. I splurged and ordered an accompanying port, which was the perfect combination. :)When the check came, we received another surprise complimentary item - salted caramels! Even after being stuffed with so much good food, I found these to be absolutely amazing. They were the perfect combination of salty and sweet. Genius.The Village Pub provided a top-notch dining experience. We will most likely go back for special occasions!
<review# 1987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,6/2/2012,96,109,4,5,4>I pretty much go to Mokutanya every other night. My boyfriend and brother in law cannot get enough of it and I am always down to tag along. I love that this place is open so late. When we find ourselves hungry hours after dinner, we get our second dinner here. I like their miso ramen with pork and it's very filling, but the best part of coming here is the butabara. I introduced it to my brother in law and now he gets it everytime too. We are also fans of the kamo, bacon wrapped tomatoes and chicken thighs with spicy mayonnaise. I suggest keeping your receipt as if you bring it into your next visit you get a free small bottle of sake. I like their sparkling sake.
<review# 1988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2011,6/1/2012,293,735,4,3,3>You know how in old movies, there's always a local ice cream shoppe where kids gather and hang out? In San Carlos, this is totally that place on weekday afternoons. The kids (middle school aged?) buy ice cream, sit at co-ed and single-sex tables, hang out, maybe flirt. It's kind of adorable/interesting/funny to observe them from afar and reminisce about when you were a kid all the while eating REAL ICE CREAM instead of yogurt for once.And, you really can't go wrong with Marianne's Ice Cream.
<review# 1989,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2012,5/31/2012,124,78,3,4,4>WOO! I've been here for dinner twice now -- the first time I went purely vegetarian with one friend, and the second time I was especially carnivorous with another. I have to say that although both experiences were great, the meaty one was even more delicious!For my vegetarian foray into Oren's, my friend and I split the mushroom hummus plate and a small Israeli salad. We each also selfishly got individual orders of the falafel thanks to an ingenious suggestion from our server: "I don't want you guys to end your friendship arguing over who gets the last falafel," she so wisely advised. Thanks, girl. Being huge mint fans, we also each ordered a glass of minty lemonade. The hummus itself was delicious -- creamy, smooth, mouthwatering -- but I wasn't a huge fan of the preparation of the mushrooms, so I avoided them as I scooped out all the plain hummus I could find. The falafel were very tasty, and I have to say our server was right that we each "needed" our own order. To top it all off, I love Israeli salad, and Oren's is delicious just like the standard. I feel that the "small" order was perfect for the two of us. As far as the lemonade, it was nothing to write home about, but it was fun to try.TIME FOR THE MEAT! Joanna M.'s review inspired me to go with the beef hummus plate when I returned to Oren's last night, and OMG... I think it's safe to say that this dish is like... 30x better than the mushroom one. The beef is perfectly seasoned, and the flavors really complement the hummus. Mmm. In keeping with our meaty adventure, we decided to try one of the chicken skewers a la carte in lieu of the falafel. Uh... hello. Why is this chicken so delicious? Moist, juicy, and also fantastically seasoned, I totally think the skewer is worth its seemingly obnoxious $6.95 price tag. We also stuck with the small Israeli salad, which remains the perfect accompaniment to a meal at Oren's. As my friend happily sipped her mint tea, she couldn't help but talk about how excited she was to come back to Oren's in the future, even though she hadn't even left yet. I couldn't agree more! Service was completely fine last night, but it wasn't as standout as the amazing experience I initially had with our first server, Daniella, who was just superb -- she offered one of the most fun and personable service experiences I've had in awhile, and she definitely made our meal at Oren's that much more enjoyable. She chatted with us about the ambient music and she was also really helpful in explaining the gluten-free options for my future reference (you can order the veggie plate for hummus dipping instead of the pita bread, FYI). Both evenings we made it out of Oren's at about $12 a piece before tip. Nice!
<review# 1990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2011,5/30/2012,1324,243,13,13,15>I was terribly surprise that I only heard of this place and never step foot into Kincaid until last nite.  Given it was a Sunday nite, Kincaid is conveniently close to where we both live.I wanted some steak so he made reservation via Opentable for 6:30.  We arrived in time and were seated immediately.  The place is nice and warm with a very breathtaking view of the bay.  However, we weren't fortunate to be seated close but nontheless, a good table.We were greated with a waiter named Matthew.  A nice, outgoing fella who will be waiter for the nite.  He went through the specials and we were very intrigue with the selections.  I wanted crab and nothing else.  My partner in crime chose to go another route...lobster.For our starters, I had the crab salad which consisted of two bed of lettuce over shredded lettuce along with tomatoes, avocadoes, artichokes, and of course, a whole lotta fresh cooked crab.  It was delish. He had the crab bisque which looked very tempted and good. For our main entrees, I had the crab boils which had a large size crab with mussels, clams, and andouille sausage.  It was very good and favorful.  He on the otherhand, ordered the lobster tail.  With him comparing the two, he thought I had the better dish.  I thought so too. haha.I had to work, so I didn't have any alcohol. Boo hoo:(  We ended the night sharing a warm apple pear bread pudding over vanilla ice cream doused with special vanilla cream sauce.  It was very yummy.Overall, love the place.  The service was great and attentive.  A bit over priced but nontheless, good food.  I will definitely come back and try other dishes...like say crabba baby!
<review# 1991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,6/2/2014,57,183,3,9,3>What's not to like about Dittmer's? Full service butcher shop with all of the specialty items you could possibly want.  Excellent selection of fresh and smoked sausages.  Great sandwiches, too.Food/Meat counter:Sandwiches are great (and huge). My go-to is German salami with Swiss cheese on dark rye.  They serve up hot and cold sandwich specials each day, so be sure to give them a try. I have also made a satisfying lunch out of some freshly-sliced cheeses and a couple of landjaeger.  The meat counter is epic here.  You can get anything you need; if you have a special order, just call ahead. Wanted a slab of lamb belly to make lamb bacon? It's just a phone call away. Need bratwurst to feed an army?  No problem.  Service:Top-notch butchers who love to talk food.  These guys really know their stuff and you never need to feel intimidate to ask them questions, they just want you to have the best ingredients for your meal.  The folks who make your sandwiches are always nice, too.Vibe:OK, what kind of vibe does a butcher shop really have?  This one has the best vibe, I think.  High-quality meat delivered with a smile.  Aw, come on, you didn't think I was gonna finish this review without some meat innuendo, didja?Family-friendly:Not really applicable, but of course it is.  They even have all the German biscuits and chocolate treats on low shelves to entice your little ones while you peruse the meat case.Summary:Whatever your meaty needs, Dittmer's can take care of you.  Go get some!
<review# 1992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,6/1/2014,29,229,2,5,6>I remember walking past their restaurant as they were about to open, and wondered what they were thinking, opening another sushi restaurant on Laurel, but this time a good walk away from the rest of downtown Laurel St.   Then I saw their takeout menu, and again didn't see anything about them that was unique.After trying them a few times, I can say that they are worth that good walk down Laurel St. Their fish really did taste fresh and fatty.  Their special rolls are well-made.  Their Hamachi Kama (a recent favorite dish) was the best iteration I've had yet - juicy and not over-cooked.The host and servers are very polite, and while the small restaurant can get overwhelmed on a weekend night, none of that detracts from a good meal to be had.
<review# 1993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,5/31/2014,153,254,1,11,7>In the 10+ years I've lived in the Bay Area, apart from that time I got off on the wrong CalTrain stop, I've never had much reason to be in San Carlos. Truthfully, I'd written the area off as just another suburb on route to San Francisco.However, now that I'm a mortgage-holding Peninsula-dweller, I've been zipping past the San Carlos main drag more often, and on a lark decided to wander around for a bite to eat. Yelp steered me towards Blue Line, which I was pleased to see is the Peninsula cousin of Little Star in SF. The indoors looked chic enough to fit right in on Valencia, and comfortable sidewalk tables abound. Although deep dish is their signature, we opted for a thin crust Greek pizza and a "Bacon and Blue" salad. The "small" salad was crisp and satisfying, a generous starter size for two that could easily be a full entree for a hungry singleton. The pizza, too, impressed - the crust was crisp with olive oil and reminded me more of The Cheeseboard in Berkeley then, say, Delfina's take on thin pizza. The sauce was bright and flavorful, and the sun dried tomatoes were chewy bursts of intense tomato goodness. Drink menu seemed very tempting - will return for libations.Our verdict: on par with their urban rivals, but with better parking. Fear of missing out on the city food scene was my biggest UF! when moving back to the burbs, but I am loving the trend of SF's best (Delfina, Ikes, etc) setting up outposts further south. Keep it up, guys!
<review# 1994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,5/30/2014,249,96,21,23,22>I have enjoyed many visits to Reposado.  Last time my friend and I split the shrimp empañadas, she had the crab crepes (always amazing) and I had a very delicious hanger steak; it was very juicy and tender. I washed it down with a spicy picante margarita. There was a 45 minute wait around 7:30 on a Tuesday but they fit us in at the bar upstairs where the friendly bar tender helped us with anything we needed. Always a pleasure; I will return early and often!
<review# 1995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,5/29/2014,101,381,7,15,6>Words can't express my excitement that Chatime opened in this plaza, 5 min from my house, wifi, awesome indoor and outdoor seatings, great, friendly service and no more long TPump lineups. Life is good. I've been going to Chatime in Toronto and Montreal and I am so excited that they finally opened one right here in Foster City. The tea is so good, the sugar, ice option customized for every individual. Life is good.
<review# 1996,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2014,5/27/2014,154,265,4,5,5>This is a great place to grab a casual piece of a REAL deep dish pizza.  Don't be deceived by the small inside space and request a table outside as the patio looks very cozy. We ordered a salad and a custom-built pizza to share. But they have quite a variety of special pizzas.  We have been here twice now and both time the experience was very pleasant.  Everyone seems very friendly, helpful and welcoming.  The second time our pizza was a little delayed (but we didn't even notice), so they included a discount on the entire bill. Definitely great service and good pizza.  Appetizers are hit or miss.
<review# 1997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,5/26/2014,13,65,3,5,4>Got my hair cut from Cedric this morning, and he did a great job. Since, it was my first time here, asked me how I usually prefer my haricut and explained to me whenever he was working my sides and back. Also, the trim to my beard and mustache was exactly the length I prefer.  Looked like an entirely new person when I was done. Will surely be going back at this place the next time I am due for a haircut!
<review# 1998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,5/25/2014,23,93,23,5,9>This is the Dish, yabish, entrance located at the T, parking on Stanford ave, operating on parallel, tranquil place for techies to get along, stretchin' at the entrance, ready to go like rocketfuel, here to run with scholars, intergalactic transmission stellar, nerd alert, might have overheard some Klingon, the first hill, mad steep, ain't no molly, just straight sweatin' daydreamin' about penthouse suites, ain't no shades on top of the world, take a look below, money trees the perfect place for shades, Palo Alto better recognize son, the biggest tree of them all, keep it movin' on the trail, before gettin' baked,pikers with tanks, ladies straight outta lululemon catalogue, spotted dads beastin' with the strollers, call them godaddy, squirrels, squirrels, SQUIRRELS, squirrels for days, custom modeled house in the distance, oddly familiar on houzz, beamin' down is the Cali sun, blessed with the beautiful weather, youngin' comparin' this to Mission Peak, leave your ratchetness across the bay, no one cares about your crossfit bro, go hug a stairmaster, Dish is a classy establishment, cuse' me while I listen to Adele Chasing Pavements
<review# 1999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2014,5/24/2014,171,204,1,4,4>Man, this place was hopping on Easter Sunday!Last second decision to go out for an Easter Brunch and we came across Alana's.It was all of the great pics that convinced us to come here. The waitress said it would be  45 minute wait, so we put our name down and just walked around the farmers market for a little bit to kill time.Now not only was this place packed, it's quite narrow. A couple of small tables at the front, then  an open faced kitchen with a bar, and finally roughly 10 more tables at the back. Now I liked the open kitchen, it was cool watching the chef cook up our food. I will say we had unappealing seating at the edge of the bar, smack in the middle of cross traffic.Now the food was awesome! I'm a huge breakfast advocate. Not necessarily for the time of the meal, but I do love me some breakfast food.Both of us ordered off their Easter Menu. One Versailles Scramble and one Eggs Benedict. The Versailles Scramble was hearty. Paired with a scone of your choosing (strawberry for me) and mini fruit salad, this was definitely a meal I could've saved half for later. "Could've" being the operative word. But nope, it was Easter! Gotta finish this one for Jesus! Ah not even religious...  Anyways.. The country potatoes/homefries were delicious. Nice and crisp with tons of flavor. The scone itself was a little dry, but with butter and the lingon berry jam. It was fantastic. The scramble was loaded with treats, ham , tomatoes, among other things.As for the Eggs benedict... I was the recipient of a measly small big. Ha which means it must have been delicious. From what I did taste, it was awesome. Rich hollandaise and that pesto was also thick and creamy.  Our server was also amazing. She was super friendly. Definitely that typical local waitress who knows everyone that walks in! Only wish I remembered her name.Overall Alana's was great! Definitely coming back on another day where it won't be as busy! Plenty of other items on the menu I would love to try!
<review# 2000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,5/23/2014,44,48,4,8,5>The Stanford is a gem. It's also the cheapest fun date spot in town. $7 will get you TWO movies (and serious props if you make it through both), $1 gets you popcorn, and another buck gets you a soda. It seriously can't be beat.Remember it's cash only! Make a pit stop at the ATM across the street before you head over.
<review# 2001,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2010,4/22/2011,751,680,19,32,26>Where to go on a rainy Saturday for lunch? It's the weekend of Thanksgiving, we're pretty full of turkey. The youngest always asks for the same thing for lunch: something soupy, and something with noodles. That usually means either ramen, pho, or won-ton noodle soup. The oldest wanted a burger. We compromised, burgers for lunch, pho for dinner. Godfather's Burger Lounge has long been on my bookmark list, and suggested coming here for lunch. We had no problems getting a table at 11:30 in the morning. The decor really does look like an early 60's lounge, with dark brown tables, dark leather chairs, and booths, and soft lighting (even during the day). There's a small, full bar in one corner of the restaurant, and there are pictures of movie actors posted all over the place (yelp.com/biz_photos/zBNZ). Relaxing lounge music was playing in the background. A waiter seated in a booth along the wall, handed us menus, and took our drink orders. He came back later to take our food orders. Our order: -Mama's Garlicky Truffle Fries (yelp.com/biz_photos/zBNZ): Fries tossed in truffle oil, garlic, and parsley, with a side of chipotle aioli. The kid's loved them, and they cleaned them up. Like them more than the fries that came with their orders. -Soprano's Ultimate Burger: This was topped with grilled mushrooms, onions, and bacon, served with Godfather's sauce. It was grilled medium-rare as requested. Very juicy burger, good quality meat. Very messy to eat though, as the bacon and toppings started to fall out with each bite. Very good, nonetheless. -Director's Cut Mushroom Burger: this burger was topped with sautéed mushrooms and crispy onion straws, served with homemade Godfather's sauce. My oldest loved this, didn't finish it, and I gladly helped. Though she wanted it well-done, the burger was still juicy, and not dry. -Godfather's House Salad: My wife was in a salad mood, and she didn't think the oldest would finish her burger. This salad had local field greens topped with sliced cherry tomatoes, onions, and radish, The vinaigrette dressing was on the side, as requested. Very sizable and attractive salad. -Crunchy Chicken Crisps: These came with a side of fries. My youngest was pretty full from the garlic fries, but did eat some of her chicken. Strips of chicken breast were battered and fried in a crispy batter. Hot out of the fryer, not greasy. Came with sides of BBQ and Aioli dipping sauces. Service was attentive and prompt. Overall pretty good. I'd come back again.
<review# 2002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2011,4/21/2011,275,727,15,18,16>If you have not been to Flea Street. GO, GO NOW!It had been a while since our last visit. And we have always been fans, but WOW, this place just keeps getting better and better.Innovative, organic, creative, trend setting, relaxed atmosphere, sophisticated are just a few of the words that describe this gem of restaurant. I booked a Sunday night table for two. Our weekend was booked full and we were in need of a date night out. So we skipped our usual night of 60 Minutes and dinner in front of the TV for an amazing dinner out. And I cannot stress the word AMAZING enough.We arrived at 6:45 and seated in the back room. There are three distinctly different dining rooms at Flea Street. Each of them tastefully decorated. We were placed a nice intimate table for two along the wall. Our server soon appeared and took our drink orders. My wife started out with a glass of Champagne. As for me, I went off the radar a bit and ordered the lavender lemon drop. Not something I would normally get, but it just sounded tasty. And boy was it! Served up with a floating lavender on a nicely chilled martini glass. I thought for $11 this was an excellent cocktail. Soon after the arrival of the cocktails, the bread basket appears. If you are not a bread before person fake it. Do it! Because the bread basket here is one of the best you will find anywhere. Flea Street is famous for their biscuits and once you take a bite of these delicious golden brown gems you will see why. Then our server brought over a "taste of the season". A few bites directly from the restaurants own organic garden which included beets, and another root vegetable which I do not remember what it was. Ok, I hear you. "ewwww beets". Let me tell you right now, I hate beets. I can't stand them. But the Chef here knows what they are doing. This is one of the few places I will eat them. They are amazing. OH! and the butter. How special can butter be? Served on a small stone a nice square of European butter at room temperature with a small mound of sea salt. Oh yes, now we are talking.So far we have had drinks, beets, and bread and already it was an amazing meal! But there is more.My wife and I split the warm spinach salad. This salad is awesome. It comes served with leeks, capers, shiitake mushrooms, feta, and balsamic vinaigrette. For $10, the portion was quite big. But it was so good neither of us could leave a bite on the plate. Our entrees were truly memorable. My wife got the cod. I am a seafood hater, but her dish looked amazing. Pan-roasted California Cod winter hash of brussels sprouts, sweet potatoes and pancetta, sweet potato puree, coriander drizzle. My wife after her first bite looked at me said "This is as good as anything I have ever tasted at Gary Danko or Restaurant Daniel in New York". She hardly spoke after that as she made sure not a drop was left. I had intended to get the short ribs which I had heard are phenomenal, but at the last minute gnocchi came off my lips and this dish did not disappoint. This dish comes served with delicata squash, wild mushrooms, Pt Reyes bleu, arugula, brandy cream. The cheese was the perfect amount and did not overpower the dish. Even though we were both completely full, we could not pass up on dessert. One look at the menu it was one giant "yes please", but we did actually narrow our choice down to one and went with the caramel pecan bread pudding. It was the perfect way to cap off an amazing dining experience. If you have friends in from out of town and are looking for something off the beaten path that will impress, this is the perfect place. I cannot wait to get back there again soon.
<review# 2003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2010,4/20/2011,737,59,4,9,6>Congratulations to California Avenue's first Michelin Starred restaurant. If you're looking for fantastically inventive molecular gastronomy in the line of el Bulli (now closing/closed!) this is your best bet in the entirety of the Bay Area. The dishes will surprise and startle you with a course selection that brilliantly "bookends" the eight-course meal with *tiny* carrots (yuzu-soured at the start to "awaken the palate" and sweetened at the end to wrap things up). The mushroom-scallop entree is a true work of genius that demands acclaim. The wait staff performs a meticulous ballet in presentation that I've only seen equaled at French Laundry.The only caveat I would apply here is that most truly world-class restaurants tend to focus on either Execution or Innovation. French Laundry is the chief example of the former - where a meal is extraordinarily executed to be more DELICIOUS than SURPRISING (and does this so well that it brought me to tears). el Bulli is the ultimate example of the latter case - where you are eating "impossible space food" that you've never seen or tasted before, that shocks and startles and amazes with every course. Baumé is an example of the latter - the quality ("deliciousness") of the courses sometimes falls short in its attempt to wow you with its innovative approach. (As an example, the dessert course featured lovely but mealy cubic brownie bites.)But it is truly a gem - if you're willing to pay the price of admission, no other restaurant in the Bay Area serves food as genuinely novel as Baumé.
<review# 2004,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2010,4/19/2011,227,119,4,8,6>I absolutely love love love this place for Happy Hour. They're located right off of Highway 1 on the cliff overlooking the ocean: beautiful location and setting. There are 2 floors, with the upstairs being the main dinning area and downstairs as the bar area. The downstairs leads into an open patio facing the ocean complete with heatlamps, couches, and a fire pit. If it gets cold you can even ask for a blanket! What makes this place one of my favorite happy hour spots (besides the awesome view on those rare clear nights) is that their entire Tuesday is Happy Hour! Their drinks are $5 (sangria, pisco sour, etc.) and food is $7 (ceviche, fried chicken, potatoe dishes, etc.). I've tried all 7 dishes on their HH menu and so far I have no complaints. The two that stood out to me are the fried chicken and the bbq ribs (mmm sooo tender). Not very peruvian I know... I'll be going back next week to try their dinner menu. Update to come!
<review# 2005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,4/18/2011,447,342,8,16,5>I have had many horrible exp. with my last dentist (which I am going to yelp about right after this review), and I dragged going to anything Dental related. However, teeth need to be cleaned, and if I waited any longer, they will be rotten! My bf have been coming here, and he told me I should check this place out, too.  He made a Sunday appointment for me, yup...SUNDAY! how perfect is that? This place is amazing, super clean, high tech everything.  The staff are very friendly and professional.  My Dentist, Dr. Hall is such a sweet dentist.  She was very gental when cleaning my teeth.  No pain at all, and she didn't try to ask me 10000 questions about my life like my previous dentist.  (seriously, do you think I can carry a conversation with you while you have all these tools in my freaking mouth? and do you seriously think I'll tell you about my personal life?) I had a great exp. with this place and my dentist.  I will def. come back...oh wait, I really don't have a choice since I have a couple cav., oops =p
<review# 2006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2010,4/17/2011,109,203,5,6,7>I love the food here and the service is top notch. I like the lamb and beef shawarma plate, but if I'm in a hurry a wrap works nicely. The meat is tender and there's plenty of sauce so that it doesn't get too dry. The owner is so friendly, they offer you a falalel as you're paying. We were in a rush, so we decided to take our food to go. However, we ended up deciding that it would be best to sit outside and eat our food quickly rather than spilling food all over the car. The owner saw us outside and even brought us some hot tea since it was a windy day! That attention to service makes me a repeat customer!
<review# 2007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,4/16/2011,330,458,5,7,6>Was in the mood for a good taqueria, but wasn't planning to drive too far.  Was in the Burlingame area and remembered this place that I tried when they had originally opened (my pre-Yelp days).  They haven't been around too long (compared to other surrounding businesses); however, my recollection was that they were a little more expensive than your regular taqueria's.I was glad I came back, as the quality of theoir food is well worth the additional pricing.  We ordered up their chicken quesadilla (came with an awesome side salas with fresh jicama, marinated cucumber, and cherry tomatoes).  Had their nacho's topped with carne asada, lots of cheese, and fresh salsa (yummy and satisfying).  Also, tried their prawn taco (fresh grilled prawns, with nice spicy fresh salsa, and pinto beans).  Good selection of Mexican beers (Modelo Especial, Negra Modelo, etc).A quick tip: They have this awesome spicy salsa in the salsa bar that is made with roasted green tomatoes...  I couldn't get enough!Overall very satisfied with the food.  The interior is nice and bright, and lots of indoor and some outdoor covered patio seating.  Well worth trying if you're in the area and in the mood for some taqueria style food.
<review# 2008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,4/15/2011,641,501,8,11,10>YAY!Run (wait, I mean, walk really fast).Duck!  Cover your targets (oh or was that, you are not allowed to cover everything?)Anyway, Carol L. planned a great birthday party here for Jason and it was a blast.  I think during one of the rounds I came in as the top girl (yay), but then during the other rounds, I was completely killed (boo).  But it was so much fun.  And, because we booked the place after hours, we were allowed to bring booze and play with only our friends and not a bunch of 12 y.o.!
<review# 2009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2010,4/14/2011,634,310,8,8,8>For the Love of Dogs! For the past 6 years, our poms' trust the vets here. I wouldn't bring them anywhere else. Open 24 hours a day with regular hours from 7:30am to 8pm, the staff is friendly and attentive. The staff loves playing with Tofu and he only loves people scratching and kissing his bad breath. P U! Our regular doctor is Dr. Hill and he works most Friday nights which is very convenient and accessible. Dr Hill's trick to get our poms to ignore the fact they receive annual shots is to keep them occupied with eating flavored baby food. That always does the trick! Make sure you have an appointment unless you have an emergency. I find the waiting area is not good for my poms since they're instigators and will bug other dogs if they're sick and not feeling up to play. If you do decide to pop in, the wait may be a long one since they're seen in order of importance and situation. If you need to get two or more dogs seen, the prices drop as a combination deal. Luckily with my 3, I save. Thank goodness, Adobe is only a few minute drive away from our house. Towards the end of the year, they're planning on moving to a larger facility along El Camino Real inside the old Elephant Pharm, and at least their parking lot will be much larger. Affordably priced services and maintenance, Adobe Animal Hospital is my preferred veterinarian. If you need temporary medicine while you have some on order, they're a great quick fix. If you need quality brand name meds with or without a prescription at cheaper prices, check our Drs Foster and Smith's website. Five Paws Up!
<review# 2010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2011,4/13/2011,1533,1062,21,21,20>Sometimes balls just excite me!  And this place has lots of balls...I can get an unlimited amount of them....with my drink!  And by balls I mean boba!  They have the regular black ones (in big or small) & the mango tasting popping bobas (my fave)!  And of course they have the assorted jellies; I put in my drink the watermelon, pineapple, mango, and the passion fruit jellies. How come most of the time anything artificial passion fruit flavored at Boba places taste like plastic? I usually get the strawberry or pineapple yogurt drink.  After tax my drink is just under $2.25.  Take that Tapoica Express...or Ocha Tea is what it's called now! So happy that Teaway finally opened here so I don't always have to beg bf to go with me to Irving!  Though it's Teaway now, there's still the same Tuttimelon decor, they use the Tuttimelon stamp to stamp my stamp card and the Tuttimelon decals are still up.  You can also still get regular frozen yogurt & their yummy gelatos.
<review# 2011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2007,1/23/2008,236,160,8,10,14>I love desserts! And what dessert do I love best? Flan.Too bad La Tartine doesn't have that, so I had to settle for the next best thing - Their vanilla bean creme brulee, which was scrumptious! I'd love to see what they'd do with flan!I also ordered a cup of chamomile tea. They use Tea Forte, which is the cutest tea bag I've ever seen. It's a pyramid infuser with a little leaf on the end of its string.  I loved it so much that I want to buy a case of this for myself!They are conveniently located across the street from the theatre and they have free wi-fi!
<review# 2012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2007,1/22/2008,192,110,15,16,14>Can you imagine flying in a giant iPod?  This is it.I just flew for the first time on Virgin America from LAX to SFO.  I was stunned by the refreshingly friendly and informal greetings, the purple and pink club lighting in the cabin, and the shiny white seats and consoles that look like they were made by Apple.   Service was a bit off in the air and there was an unusual amount of turbulence, but it's hard to have high expectations on a 1 hour flight.  I was completely absorbed in watching videos and playing games with the cool game controller/remote/keyboard that popped out of the arm of my chair.   You can also join a chat room and talk to other people on the plane.   Hey Seat 16A, meet me in the bathroom in ten minutes?  I'm there!I really like traveling like a rockstar in flattering pink light.  It was novel and entertaining and I made it here alive.  This is definitely my new airline of choice.
<review# 2013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2007,1/21/2008,278,355,15,16,16>Another Yelped place that caught my eye in Palo Alto.  I came here for dessert after disappointing Thai food.  I couldn't remember the favorites so I first decided on the self-proclaimed most popular strawberry shortcake.  I wanted to try another item too so I asked the counter gal for some suggestions.  She rattled off a few things then finally suggested I get the $13.50 sampler -- the shortcake, plus creampuff, chocolate thingie, and some mango thingie.  Sure thing.  Then she said I was the first person today that ordered the sampler... it was 6:30pm.  Hmmm, am I the first sucker today?  *Laugh* no I'm just the first smart one... hmmm.....Anyway I asked for a fork/knife so I could sample all 4 items before I zipped back home.  She was so sweet, offering to take it to the back and cut off sampler pieces using the professional cutting machine.  Cool, what great service.She kept looking over and smiling.  I thought wow the folks here in Palo Alto are so friendly.  Or maybe its because I got game now with my new sweater and fancy axx jeans and shoes.  Or maybe I just have a booger hanging out of my nose.I wiped my nose just in case.Anyway, the shortcake was good, soft and moist and not too sweet.  Same for the creampuff.  The mango thing was ehhh.  And the chocolate one was decadent without being overly sweet, probably perfect with a glass of port.All in all I'd say 3 stars... plus another star for the counter girl with great service with a smile.
<review# 2014,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2008,1/20/2008,298,160,9,9,11>Ok, so we went on a stormy Saturday afternoon, and whilst we waited for the rest of our party to arrive, we sat in the lounge, which has many good beers on tap in addition to a view of the ocean. That day, the waves were 30-40 feet and we could have just watched the ocean all day. But we were there to bowl so we hit the lanes.8 of us bowling, 2 lanes, 12 bucks a pop. Not bad, I'd say.The lanes were pretty standard, and I'm no expert as my whopping score of 57 would show, but they seemed nice enough. There's a gorgeous mural at the sides of the alley that reminds you that you're spitting distance from the ocean. There's a good mix of customers, as well, from teenagers enjoying a night out, to 20 and 30 somethings, to grandparents and their grandkids. It's a really nice and non-threatening mix. Nobody seems all that serious about bowling, either, so when we dance and make asses of ourselves when we get the RARE strike or spare, we don't catch the glares of the gloved pro bowlers trying to get in a serious game in the lane next to us. The bar food had just the right amount of grease, the nachos were bigger than my head, and the pitchers of Stella were stellicious, although a little expensive at $21, in my opinion. But I'm unaccustomed to buying pitchers, so, that may be right on. I don't know.In the arcade they have Dance Dance Revolution, which is the most ridiculously fun way to spend time sobering up before you make the drive back into the city. My only complaint about this place was the bartender's judgmental "another pitcher?" when we'd order more. I mean, come on now, I don't know about you, but I prefer having a good buzz on to cushion the blow of all the gutter balls. All in all, a very good way to spend a stormy Saturday afternoon.
<review# 2015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2007,1/19/2008,40,146,5,5,6>I too was introduced to this great restaurant based on reviews from fellow Yelpers.  Hot Wok Bistro is tucked away in a corner of town far from other restaurants which makes parking a snap.  This place is really clean, has great atmosphere with courteous and quick service.  I've gone back several times for their won ton soup and find it to be one of my favorites.  Definitely worth getting if you're a soup fan.  Their servings are more than generous and everything is extremely fresh.  That, combined with reasonably priced dishes, makes Hot Wok Bistro a favorite among everyone from the office.
<review# 2016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2008,1/18/2008,632,981,2,10,8>I've hired personnel from Maloney Security on two different occasions to provide security for a corporate celebration and/or dinner and the staff that they sent to each event were very easy to work with, presented themselves in a very professional manner and did an outstanding job.From my initial contact to their offices to the handling of the contracts, everything was thoroughly worked out prior to the event date so that no questions were left unanswered.  Their rates are very competitive and based on the type of security best suited for each event.  It was basically a single rate times the total number of hours required of all of the personnel requested, and they don't process your payment until the job has been completed.I'll admit that keeping a bunch of drunken corporate bigwigs in check isn't a really difficult task, but it was nice to know that the staffing on hand was well-trained in case something negative did occur.  I will not hesitate to hire Maloney Security again for future event-related security.
<review# 2017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2007,1/17/2008,23,223,10,10,8>Is there crack in this yogurt? Because seriously, I can't stop thinking about it. I work around the block from Fraiche and every time I'm hungry I want to go there. It is dangerous. And at almost $5 for a regular with two toppings, dangerously expensive!The first time I went with an upset stomach and wanted something soothing. I got the natural (plain) yogurt with sliced bananas and almond slivers and it was the perfect comfort food. Since then, I've tried the soy with toasted coconut and blueberries, chocolate with strawberries and banana, and my favorite so far: natural with raspberry puree and toasted coconut. Natural is definitely my fave because it's so light and not overly sweet. It's delicious every time, but scary that I somehow justify it to myself as almost a non-food. It's seems so healthy, it's almost like not even eating, right? So, beware. Fraiche might just be TOO good!
<review# 2018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2007,1/13/2008,112,257,5,12,8>My friends are freakin' AWESOME!  For my birthday, they got me 2 dozen mini-cupcake sampler.  How cool is that??  I've been dying to try Sibby's cupcakes forever, but it's not everyday that I want to order a whole dozen of them.  If only they had a store!When I opened the box, I shrieked with excitement.  The mini-cupcakes are adorable!  The decoration on the cupcakes are really impressive and for a moment I wanted to just save them forever and not eat em... only for like a second.  Here's what came in my sampler:Caramel Apple (Special flavor of the month) - This was my least favorite because the cake was dryer, but still had a good caramel apple flavor.  The frosting was piled high and very tasty.Buttercup - Your very traditional vanilla cupcake with pink vanilla frosting and sprinkles on top.  Makes you feel like a kid again :)  The cake and frosting were perfect!Chocolate & Cream - Ooh the decor on this one is so cute!  Moist chocolate cake with baby blue cream cheese frosting, and cute white dots to make you feel all girly.  One of my favs!Red Velvet - This was absolute heaven!  The frosting just melts in your mouth and it's the perfect combination with the vibrant red velvet cake.  This is definitely my favorite of the bunch.Grandma's Chocolate Tea Cake - Like mini hostess cupcakes!!  Super cute, and very rich and yummy.  The chocolate frosting is so tasty and way better than a regular hostess cupcake.Old Fashioned Gingerbread - These cupcakes are adorable too, decorated with a cute gingerbread man.  The cake was super moist and i love the combination of the gingerbread cake and cinnamon cream cheese frosting.I seriously stuffed myself with cupcakes for 3 days straight, but it was all worth it.  You can definitely tell they use quality ingredients.  The cake is very moist but still dense the way I like it, and the frosting was buttery smooth.  This is the way cupcake land should be.
<review# 2019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2008,1/12/2008,84,133,4,11,15>Ok, I'm a guy and I feel a little weird writing a review of a women's clothing store. However, I'm very comfortable in my manhood, so here goes! :)I stopped in a here a few days before Christmas to pick up a few things for my girlfriend, and was awed by the level of customer service. Unfortunately, I didn't get the woman's name that helped me, but she trotted me around, pulling out all kinds of cute outfits for my girlfriend, running here and there to find the right sizes. I had several ideas of what I wanted, but she had some even better ideas, and suggestions. (She even suggested that I go to Bebe, to find even cooler & hipper stuff!) She spent well over an hour with me, even though the store was pretty busy. She made me feel very special and as though I was the only person there. Needless to say, she did her job very well, and I walked outta there $500 lighter!What really impressed me, was when we had to exchange a few of the items for a better size. The cashier (who also doubled as a sales person), ran around and found all of the correct sizes, without me having to do a damned thing, except wait! Come on ... where do you find this kind of customer service, except maybe at Nordstrom's?! These ladies rock!
<review# 2020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2007,1/11/2008,1107,915,13,12,14>I have been coming here since I was a little girl. I understood my first pun here, at 5 years old. I fell out of my chair and my uncle said "Have a nice trip, see you next fall!", and I subsequently fell out of my chair again from laughing so hard. But yelp isn't really about stories with puns and such, but about food. If I can, I try to go once every other Sunday. However, it gets busy earlier than my hangovers will allow me to get up, so I haven't gone since...I turned 21. Either way, everytime I go I get the pancakes. I've tried other dishes like the Huevos Rancheros, and the eggs with bacon or sausage, and all are good, but the pancakes just speak to me. I get enough carbs from this meal to last me a few years, except that doesn't bother me. The moment the smell hits my nose, all I can think is "Devour!" And I do. At one point, my dad went in so often they had his favorite peanut butter just for him. The meal tastes homemade, because it is "homemade" (did'ya get that?) When you cook at home, its made with love and messes around the kitchen. It's exactly how things are cooked here; with love (mess is sanitary, thats the difference).You come for the food and stay for the atmosphere and company. (And with that I lost my train of thought so I'm just going to conclude this review)Recommendations: Hot chocolate, pancakes. YUM!
<review# 2021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2007,5/27/2008,97,261,6,8,6>After the hectic drive down University Avenue, tummies grumbling, we made a hasty right-hand turn to escape the madness. The tranquility of Bryant St allowed us to spot Vero, which we both thought *must* have been a new restaurant. We walked in at 7:30p on a Saturday to a table for two. This is the kind of place I love: no reservations, no waiting outside, but more than enough people inside to make it feel vibrant and alive. After hearing the specials, we went straight to the entrees with the Involtini di Pesce and the day's pasta (Penne with Mushrooms and Gorgonzola). I ordered a glass of the La Boatina Pinot Grigio; for $9.50, it delivered the crispness I wanted with just a little bite to it. The penne was perfect... al dente, creamy and cheesy without being too heavy. And... for the swordfish...*** Erin's Italian Dictionary: Involtini = flavor and deliciousness rolled into bits of heaven. ***The pine nuts, basil, mint and bread crumbs rolled with the swordfish fillets were superb. Delicate, flavorful and not too fishy. Hungry-man diners should note that you get three small rolls with sauteed asparagus and spinach. A smallish portion for $18.5, but the flavor was more than worth it for me (and it allowed room for dessert!).Speaking of... the dessert menu sparkled with five selections, all $7. I had spied desserts whisking by our table earlier, and if I was wearing sweatpants, I could have easily ordered four of them. To avoid a descent into gluttony, we split the warm chocolate souffle. You can never go wrong with warm+chocolate+gelato+berries and Vero didn't disappoint. Simply sinful. Open for 2-1/2 years now, Vero has claimed a permanent spot on my go-to restaurant list. Excellently executed dishes and a warmth in the atmosphere that makes me want to invite my whole family to eat and talk the night away.
<review# 2022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2008,5/26/2008,58,16,5,9,7>The Best Vanilla Chai.  Ever.The space is warm and beautifully decorated.  Seating is usually a bit tight, but worth it.  It's a classy place that hasn't lost the coziness of a coffee shop.  Some complain that it gets cramped, which it does, but I actually like this.  The baristas are friendly.  The service is good.  The place is full of life.The food/desserts on display are immaculate and always look fresh.  The variety treats from healthy to decadent is almost overwhelming at first.  All the more reason to come back.And then there were crepes. (Insert Homeresque Drool)  With a selection covering Sweet and Savory, how can you go wrong?I've also heard they have really good coffee but I made the mistake of trying a Vanilla Chai first and can't bring myself to get anything else :p
<review# 2023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2008,5/25/2008,270,179,6,8,7>Given my love for strawberry-cream cakes around my birthday, I was overly happy when my husband surprised with an entire cake from Prolific Oven. Seriously, it was delicious. Something about the liquor and sponginess of the cake combined with the fresh cream and strawberries and crunchy shaved almonds... probably the best strawberry cream cake I've ever had. Description of the cake from their website: White genoise sponge, sprinkled with Orange Curacao Liquor, followed by a layer of Apricot Jam or Raspberry Jam, strawberries and whipped cream. The cake is finished off with whipped cream icing and sliced almonds pressed to the sides. (I uploaded a picture..check it out.)I don't think I can order another cake here because I pretty much ate the entire cake...it's that good.
<review# 2024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2008,5/23/2008,626,485,10,11,11>HOLY COW! Literally..I cannot express my happiness when there is such phrase as UNLIMITED MEAT. Wait, meat AND cheese (and veggies but who wants those when you can have your choice of tons of prepared and seasoned beef, lamb, pork, ham, and even chicken!) Being a carnivorous animal that I am (rawr), I have found a great place! I was praying I wouldn't pull an Atkins by the end of this meat frenzy. That plus the wine makes it a to die for meal. Better than my cheese orgasms!A+ and it's closer than SF!
<review# 2025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2007,5/22/2008,40,14,1,12,8>A tasty glass of Pinot Noir is not a hard find in Palo Alto on a Friday night. Zibbibo's wine flights provide for a fantastic selection of French Bordeaux, Vino Locale will be teeming with soccer moms gossiping over a pour of Thomas Fogarty, and Pasta? will be bustling with Stanford juniors prepping for their post-law school lifestyles-chardonnay in hand. Needless to say, your oenophilia will not be left unattended.So if one were to pitch a new wine bar in downtown palo alto to our friends on Sand Hill, you'd probably hear arguments of thinning margins and tight competition. It's not exactly a novel idea.However, The Wine Room understands that wine is more than just an accessory to a seared ahi tuna steak - it's an event in of itself. In the way that Starbucks and Peet's understand that coffee is more than brewing beans, the Wine House builds the experience of drinking wine into a hour long affair with the tannic brew. Others in San Francisco have been very successful with this model: Hotel Biron, Nectar, Bin 38, and Yield to name several.The design of The Wine Room lends itself to a medieval castle. Leather chaises line the large windows that provide for ample views of twenty-somethings making their way in heels and North Face jackets to Old Pro.Seating is ample, though. Comfy brocade-lined chairs surround a Pueblo-inspired fireplace with a single Duraflame log (how hard is it to put a few logs in there?). There's a bar for the singles, and high round bar tables with stools for those who don't snag a seat next to the fire. In the back, you'll find a darker atmosphere while you sip. Stained glass windows and a low chandelier help the ambiance, but the fake candle wall sconces sour the otherwise exemplary effort put into the design.You see past these details as the night goes on, as you work your way through a pretty extensive wine list. Instead of opting for the big names, you'll find an eccentric group of small batch wineries. The Barbera was a bit too sweet, while the Fogarty Pinot was balanced and peppery. Our philanthropic neighbor poured us a bit of his Mt Vernon Cab Franc which was a pleasant contrast to the former two. While the Wine List is accessible, I was hoping for a bit more guidance through it instead of throwing darts at the wall. The Hidden Vine in SF does a fantastic job with this, and hopefully in the future The Wine Room will too.In the end, The Wine Room serves as a perfect option for enjoying wine with friends on any day of the week. It's very clear that in its inchoate state, things are a bit rough around the edges. Give it a month or two to grow into its shoes and this place will shine.
<review# 2026,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/26/2008,5/21/2008,91,160,6,6,5>I have a love/hate relationship with sushi.  I love the stuff, and I hate the fact that I love the stuff.  I blame sushi for preventing me from buying my dream watch (well, the one that's not 6 figures).  I blame sushi for putting the Kid's college fund on hold.  I blame sushi for turning me into a hamachi whore. And as it goes with my relationship with sushi, so it goes with my feelings for Jin Sho.  The love/hate thing goes like this:On the one hand, Jin Sho has an impeccable selection of very fresh and very hard to find fish.  On the other hand, on the night my friend and I were there, some of those listed items were unavailable.The chutoro nigiri sushi was exquisite, soft, buttery, melt-in-your mouth silkiness.  But the actual slices of fish were minuscule and cut very thin.  Where's the fish?Hamachi with jalapeno appetizer was competent, but how many times have variations on this fusion dish been served in other restaurants?  I think Nobu Matsuhisa made this dish popular when he opened Matsuhisa in LA eons ago (I think he used hot oil instead of jalapeno pepper slices).  I think we need to push the retirement button on that dish.Black Cod Miso, again, very good, but unique?Beef Tataki, competent....a bit on the gamey side.Definite plus with no reservations:  One of the better selections of fine sake I've seen.  Although Jin Sho doesn't have thousands of different types of sake, the ones they do have are more than top-notch.  We must have finished off two full bottles and 1 demi-bottle....needless to say, we closed the place down.So why the fussiness?  Why the haterade?  It's not that I don't like the place, it's just that I can't justify the cost, and it can get very expensive here.  I really wanted to like this place, but I think there's a little bit too much of the high-brow going on, as if the owners wanted to turn it into Nobu, Palo Alto.  But it actually feels out of place on California Avenue in Palo Alto.  In addition, they haven't been able to pay off on some of the details that make places like Nobu in NYC an institution, details like waitstaff that know what is and what is not available that particular day and who know the dishes by heart, pieces of fish that are cut to more "appropriate" sizes, dishes that inspire with originality or a witty twist rather than something that has basically been done before.Jin Sho is young, so there is time for it to grow.  On the other hand, I hope the place is a lot busier than it was the day we went.  Granted, it was a middle-of-the-week, but from around 6:00 PM to the time we closed the place down, there was a grand total of 4 sets of diners that day, the largest group being 4 people.  I'm hoping business is a bit more consistent (ummm, marketing suggestion, a website and a much larger and noticeable sign wouldn't hurt).I hate that I don't love Jin Sho.  It's almost there, but not quite there.  As my friend would say: "I almost look like Brad Pitt, minus the good looks, plus 30 lbs, minus the money and the fame, plus I'm Asian."  Uh, right.
<review# 2027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2008,5/20/2008,43,148,8,8,8>I've forgotten how good this place is!  It's delicious!Went here the other night with some friends for dinner.  They bring you plenty of chips and two bowls - one filled with salsa, one filled with shredded cabbage.  When we couldn't decide if we wanted a pitcher of margaritas, the waitress suggested a carafe.  So, we ended up with a margarita carafe and a sangria carafe.  Sometimes it pays to be indecisive!The margaritas were stealthy.  As you drink them, you are thinking, "Hey, you are a nice little margarita.  Not too strong.  Nice flavor."  And then later while you're eating dinner, it hits you and you're like, "Wow, I am done drinking you for tonight!"  I am a lightweight, so adjust your consumption as needed.Had the fish tacos and they did a great job with them.  Really tasty and flavorful.  Not too salty (sometimes the breaded fish tacos come out too fish-sticky... this was not the case).  The rice is nice and fluffy and the beans are light (not the heavy refried beans that you get at some other places) with just the right amount of cheese on top.The tables are a little small for chips, salsa bowls, dinner plates, drink glasses, and carafes all at the same time, but when it all tastes as good as it did, it makes no difference to me!
<review# 2028,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/9/2008,5/19/2008,38,67,9,7,6>So, I have a friend who lives down the street from this place in Palo Alto. The past couple times I've ended up in the neighborhood we've managed to find our way over to the Palo Alto Cafe and sit down on our laptops and do some "internet meditation."The coffee's okay, they have peanut butter cookies (hell yeah dog) which I can never resist. The prices aren't bad, but they don't accept credit cards - only cash. Since I never carry cash, this is always ridiculously inconvenient.However, let me tell you about why I wrote this review. I wrote this review because of Tom.As far as I know, Tom is a student somewhere. He's taking classes on something, but he's an older fellow. Last time I saw one of his textbooks, it was some kind of advanced physics or math. Maybe it was Calculus - I'm not sure.He looks like a younger version of Doc from back to the future, and just as eccentric. If Tom is at the restaurant, he'll be sitting to the left as you come in against one of the benches, likely pulling his hair out or mumbling to himself. He writes down complex mathematical equations and deeper meanings of concepts I can only begin to ponder nonstop on his notebook.  My friend actually struck up a conversation with him once, but hasn't seen him lately - and from that one conversation, he thinks that Tom might have been abducted by the government and/or aliens.My only interaction with Tom was him noticing that I was using a Sprint Broadband Card in my laptop, rather than the free Wi-Fi at the Cafe (which can get incredibly slow if there's lots of people there.) He proceeded to tell me how the networks worked, and asked if I knew about some technology I had (obviously) never heard of. I entertained him with positive responses and friendly body gestures, but inside my mind I was scared. I was scared that he was going to pull a needle out of his pants and stab me, then drag me off into his windowless van and perform experiments on me in his mother's apartment.The conversation went on for a few minutes, and then he simply got up and left. Gone, out the door. He left his 14" iBook on the bench, with his open conspiracy notebook, a backpack, his coffee, and some textbooks. My friend and I pondered this perplexing situation, and simply went back to making fun of other people in the cafe over instant message to each other. About a half hour later when we were ready to go, he still had not returned.A sudden inquiry fluttered across both of our minds. Were we responsible for Tom's items? Had he subconsciously put his trust into us, expecting us to guard his likely only earthly possessions? We pondered about this long and hard (over instant message, because who interacts in person anymore, really) and decided that it was time to go. We left the cafe and I took one look back, wondering if within that notebook left on the bench were secrets that would change my life. I shook my head and sighed, leaving the cafe as the sun slowly settled in the horizon. I heard a car honk and stop suddenly. I pray Tom was not in front of it.
<review# 2029,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2007,5/18/2008,97,82,4,9,9>I met my Mom here for lunch the other day.  Neither of us had ever been to Palo Alto but it's the midway point between both of our new homes.  I'd probably give 4.5 stars if we could give half points, but since we can't I'll round up.  The food was fabulous!I had the appetizer of fresh heirloom tomatoes, mozzarella and olive oil.  The tomatoes were perfect and tasted as though they'd been picked that morning.  The mozzarella was the freshest and softest I've ever tasted (and I pretty much eat fresh mozzarella whenever I possibly can).  The olive oil was a beautiful bright green, and tasted astonishingly of those hard green olives you'll find in olive bars.  The beet salad was also fantastic, topped with heaps of a fresh white cheese that I'd never had before.  I have no idea what it was, and didn't think to ask, but it sure was tasty.  The service was pleasant and the outdoor seating was supremely welcomed on this beautiful sunny day.  Although when my Mom went in to use the restroom after the meal the hostess (a different one than the one who sat us) was cranky and told her the restroom was for customers only.  !!!!!  My Mom just chuckled and pointed to the sidewalk table we'd been sitting at.  To her credit the hostess was extremely embarrassed but her faux pas was made on the right person...My Mom is the coolest person ever and just laughed about it, saying how she'd probably space out in such a boring job too.  Five stars for my Mom, Four and a half for the restaurant!
<review# 2030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2008,5/17/2008,618,1242,1,8,8>Every now and then you find a no frills restaurant that serves good food.  Sunny Shanghai Restaurant is one of those places.  It was a little chilly and the decor was lacking.  But both the kitchen and the family run wait staff more than made up for it.There were four of us for dinner on a rainy Sunday night.  We ordered a few dishes, xiu long bow, Shanghainese-style noodles, vegetables with tofu, and fish.  The xiu long bow stood out exceptionally as a fantastic dish.  The last couple times I've had xiu long bow, it simply didn't cut it.  But as the family that runs this restaurant are Shanghainese, they certainly know how to cook this Shanghainese specialty.If you're looking for fancy eats, this probably isn't the place for you.  But if you want friendly service or some good Shanghainese food with an order of five-star xiu long bow, Sunny Shanghai is the place for you.
<review# 2031,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2007,9/24/2008,320,464,3,12,9>I gotta say I found a new winner for Filipino fried chicken!  My previous top choice, Toppings Too, had excellent fried chicken that reminded me of the ones I had in my childhood...but I gotta say, this fried chicken totally trumps any other filipino fried chicken I've had in the bay area.  The skin was not only perfectly crisp, it also had this light flaky quality about it that was just awesome!The reason we went here was actually for the filipino breakfast, and though we weren't disappointed, we weren't exactly blown away either.  The hubby and I both had the longsilog, I think the rice could have been a little more garlicky, and the longanisa a little more browned.  This is definitely the best "silog" we've had in the east bay, but still not as good as some I've had in the Daly City area.This restaurant wins some points for having excellent ambiance.  It wasn't fancy by any means, but it looked very clean and shiny, yet it had the atmosphere of a small neighborhood restaurant.  It's much nicer to go to a sit-down place like this where everything is made to order unlike some other Filipino places that are usually pretty dumpy and they have everything on a warming tray.  Though very nice-looking, they are actually more reasonably priced than some other Filipino restaurants...we spent on average around $5/plate!  I will definitely come back to sample their other dishes!
<review# 2032,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/19/2007,9/23/2008,71,61,3,25,5>I had a mixed experience with boarding Pal at The Cats Inn for 2-1/2 weeks. Staff followed my instructions for specialized feeding just fine and the gal I dealt with was friendly. However, I was a little put off that the enclosure used when I returned to pick her up was different than the original enclosure they put Pal in, and one of her towels went missing.I don't know if this was coincidental or pre-arranged, but also when I came to pick her up Pal was in the showcase picture window. In fact, Pal didn't want to leave! Too bad she couldn't spend the entire time in there, haha.Pal became violently ill with a virus just a few days after her return and died after five months of agony. I'll never know if her stay at The Cats Inn had any causality, but their close quarters for their many feline clients always put a little suspicion in my mind. I've since used on-site cat-sitters because it's much less stressful for the animal to stay in a familiar environment during their owners' absence.
<review# 2033,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2008,9/22/2008,282,50,7,7,4>Everytime I travel up north and near Los Altos I have to stop here for lunch.  It's my guilty pleasure.  I first discovered this location when I was visiting a customer around the corner.  I didn't think it was going to be that great but I was definitely surprised.  It's a relatively small location with a minimum amount of tables inside. and a few on the outside as well.You first walk up and place your order.  Not a huge menu selection but all the important items are covered.  Fried fish, scallops, oysters, etc.  Drinks are help yourself via the sliding glass fridge.  Beer is available for those who would like to partake.  Once you sit down the lady will bring over the ketchup, tartar sauce, and malt vinegar along with a roll of paper towels.Fish and Oyster Combo - This is my usual order here.  Comes with a piece of battered fish, fried oysters, and steak fries.  The fish is flaky and the batter isn't too oily.  Served hot, hot, hot.  Oysters are awesome!  These are my favorite and I can't seem to get enough.  The steak fries are thick and lightly salted.  All of these items served on a piece of paper in a cheap plastic basket.  No better way to serve it in my opinion.I've been here about 4-5 times and every time I've been there the korean lady that works there has served me.  She has a great personality and checks to make sure everything is just right.  I overheard her speaking to another gentleman and telling him that she was one of the first employees of Apple/Mac in Cupertino before they made it big.  The office had 8 people which included Steve Jobs and a few others.  Obviously she no longer works there and left before Apple really blossomed but I'm glad she did or she wouldn't be working the fryer when I'm in the area.  Where the hell would I go for fried oysters then???
<review# 2034,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/10/2008,9/21/2008,0,17,7,7,5>Word of caution: if you are planning to get a doggy bag for your leftovers, strongly advise that you (a) personally put your food in the box yourself, (b) supervise the placing of your food into the box by waitstaff, or (c) explicitly specify to waitstaff what food should or should not be placed into the box.The other night I ate at Estrellita, and while the food was decent to good, the service was utterly lacking.  Since I was in a leisurely mood, the hideously long wait times for everything (from seating to ordering to getting the check to getting change) were at least withstandable.  The real horror was what happened when I asked for a box for what I hadn't eaten.  I had ordered a two-item special, combining a grilled fish taco with chicken chilaquiles.  This came with the requisite rice, beans, guac, etc.  I ate approximately half of each item and asked to have the rest boxed up.  The waiter whisked my plate away and returned some minutes later with a miniscule styrofoam box that weighed something like 2 oz.  Befuddled by how such a substantial amount of food could have fit into so tiny a container and weighed so little, I opened my to-go box to find only my lonely half of a fish taco, staring back at me plaintively, as if to say, "Hello.  Do you know where my companions have gone?"  Okay, like, I could *almost* understand if they threw out my rice and beans (although, for reals, leave it to the customer to decide what should or should not go in the box...he's the one who paid for it, after all).  But come on, the chilaquiles were half of my entree--hardly dispensable garnish, right?  When the waiter finally returned with the check (about 20 minutes after he boxed up our food), I delicately asked where the rest of my food had gone, gesticulating to the mostly empty box.  "The chilaquiles?", he immediately answered, suggesting that he knew full well what he had thrown away.  I nodded in the affirmative.  He then proceeded to stare blankly at me for a hugely awkward 30 seconds, interspersed with some vague stuttering, before mumbling, "Just a second," and dashing off to the kitchen.  Eventually, he reemerged and presented me with an entirely new, piping hot order of chilaquiles.  It is too bad that they had to make a whole new plate for me, but on the other hand, I really have never come across a restaurant that took such liberties in deciding for its customers what food is worthy of bringing home.  Service blunders aside, Estrellita makes some pretty good food, and I would be curious to try some more items on the menu on another day (when I have a few hours to spare...)
<review# 2035,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2008,9/20/2008,345,558,2,6,7>Yelp to the rescue one more time.  Around 10, Mama Marie's friend calls and confirms that yes, he's flying into SFO and yes, he would like to have dinner, and could we meet somewhere south-ish since he has to drive to Salinas.Well. Um.I don't leave the East Bay too often and when I do, I go to SF.  I didn't know any restaurants in the south bay or peninsula except for the local chains like Left Bank in San Mateo and some of the places in Stanford Center.So I'm scanning through reviews and come upon Alvin's great list of mid-penn restaurants.  Seriously - bookmark the list in case you're ever desperate for a restaurant.  I checked with Mama Marie and she and I picked Town because it reminded me of my favorite DC "the grownups are in town" restaurant Chef Geoff's.And I was impressed and so was Mama Marie's friend.  I was able to get reservations pretty easily on OpenTable.  When i got there, he'd just been seated and had ordered a mojito at the recommendation of our server Alexander (Though I don't think it took too much recommending...).  Alexander verified that the mojitoes were good - so being a fruity kinda girl, I ordered the raspberry one.  Alexander said that it wasn't as good and pointed me to the Pomegranate martini.  The drink is yummy, served in a sugar-rimmed VERY frosty glass and garnished with a small popsicle so it stays cold for a while.  Very smooth.  The menu is eclectic - think upscale Fridays.  I ordered the meatloaf, he had the ribs.  Alexander said the ribs were very good and fall off the bone.  They did.  I don't really like ribs, but if I went back, I might try them.  The meatloaf was good.  Not great.  Not as good as Mama Marie's but that's why it's someone's mom's meatloaf, not *my* mom's meatloaf.  Service was great.  Alexander was prompt and gave information when necessary.  And his drink advice was spot on.The rest of the restaurant was kinda what I expected from San Carlos.  It's like every "nice' restaurant in a small town - has the vibe of being a good neighborhood type place.  The place was bustling on a Monday night - the bar was packed with neighbors and coworkers and there were lots of families in the booths.  I could see being a regular here if I lived or worked nearby.
<review# 2036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2008,9/19/2008,48,170,5,12,10>It seems quite fitting that I am sitting in the ANA lounge in NRT while writing this review...  Anywayz, I'd always been to Kaygetsu for lunch, and had loved it.  Then, all of a sudden, they quit serving lunches!!!  I was so shocked to say the least.It turns out, this is because one of the chefs spun out of Kaygetsu to create his new restaurant, Wakuriya.When I first came here with Kake S., I was stunned, because the setting was ve--rry similar to Kaygetsu.  Think forgotten shopping mall off of 280 with Safeway and Longs.The venue, as other yelpers have written, is simple and small...  Can't believe they manage to keep this place going with such little seating!  But it is the chef's commitment to quality; I think he sincerely believes that he cannot maintain the level of food that is served here unless it is a small venue - and it makes this place even more special.One thing about the chef - apparently he trained at Kitcho, a renowned kaiseki restaurant in Kyoto.  I've eaten at the Kitcho in Ginza, and, although Wakuriya's food does not come even close to the food served there, neither does the cost.  A good full-course dinner at Kitcho would cost north of $300.  (However, this is a totally valid pricing - Kitcho's extraction of bonito broth and servings of eclectic dishes such as suppon (turtle) are exquisite and probably not replicable in the US due to constraints on ingridients)For $65 (for the middle course), you can feast yourself to a selection of delicate, intricately prepared dishes that represent the ingredients of the season.  This is unthinkable in Tokyo, where even the most mediocre kaiseki place would charge $100 for a full course.  I was delighted to learn that they change the menu every couple of weeks - Great way to make those followers keep on coming back!!!  I will be, for sure.  So, in a strange way, even though the bill mounts up, this place is totally value for your $$$.I will add that the service here is extremely unintrusive and very, very nice.  They just know the right timing to approach us with the next dish... another reason why this experience is sublime.
<review# 2037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2008,9/18/2008,10,20,3,6,6>I took my puppy to an emergency clinic for an eye infection, and the vet thought she saw juvenile cateracts in his eyes.  I made an appointment to see Dr. Mughannam at Veterinary Vision in San Carlos.  The staff was very welcoming and the doctor was patient while examining my boy.  It turns out that his eyes are in great shape.  I appreciated the care he was given and the extra time that Dr. M took to speak with me about veterinary eye care in general.  He even took some extra time to give me some pointers with regards to my own goal of becoming a veterinarian.
<review# 2038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2008,9/17/2008,274,299,11,9,9>Construction workers, electricians, and pest control guys all litter this extremely casual and simple burger joint for some midday beef.My meal here consisted of THE hugest and most flavorful turkey burger ever! Other turkey patties I've had are pretty bland but Burger town's are juicy, well seasoned, and grilled to perfection. No, they don't dress up their burgers all fancy here. Just your basic tomato, lettuce, onion, pickle.Prices are definitely fair and I'd pick Burger town' over the Counter's overpriced puny patties anytime. Just remember the decor is nothing special so I wouldn't really recommend it as a hang out. Unless of course you have a thing for big greasy men.
<review# 2039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2008,9/16/2008,88,71,9,8,7>For the price and the portions, the food here is unbeatable. I came here with my sister for fourthmeal and we decided to split a single dish. I was afraid the waiter was going to look down his nose scornfully at us and think, "Ay nako, another set of anorexic skinny asians we have here, splitting food and barfing it up later!!" But it turns out that splitting a single pasta dish between two people is a regular occurrence here, and alone requires a feat of monumental willpower to complete. (Or perhaps that was just because we had been snacking incessantly all day.. however, I digress-)I stared down at the heaping plate before us and thought, "what the fuck, this is seriously six dollars???" It was yummy too.Except, I think there was sand in the mini-clams. I hate biting down into a forkful of creamy cheesy pasta, eyes closed in blissful abandon, only to be met with the sickening *crunch* of sand in your teeth. It really is not a lovely and delightful experience. Oh and the lemon tea was SWEET oh goodness. But please! Absolutely give this place a try and order the chef's specials.
<review# 2040,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2008,9/15/2008,257,366,3,11,11>Looks like an old Pizza Hut building with the funny roof.  Park in small lot or grab a space on El Camino.1.  Pho - just like my mom's2.  Cha gio (fried imperial rolls) - very, very close to my mom's tooThese are two Vietnamese dishes that are SOLD EVERYWHERE, but very few places do them well.  I've eaten so much pho in my lifetime, it's seriously not one of my fave meals anymore, but when I do crave it, I come here.  Broth is excellent, noodles are prepared al dente, and bo vien (meatballs) and tai (rare meat) are perfect.  When it comes to cha gio, La Petite uses the real deal filling and wrapper.  It's the perfect mixture of crab, shrimp, pork, noodles, shredded carrots, wrapped in a clear rice wrapper, and deep fried to a perfect crispness.Service can be slow, but if you want a bowl of pho, bun cha gio thit nuong (vermicelli noodles with imperial roll and grilled meat), or five spice chicken, check out this place.
<review# 2041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,7/22/2013,99,328,,7,3>This is what Menlo Park has needed - a place catering to a younger crowd of beer-enthusiasts.  Unfortunately, it assumed that they are well-paid beer enthusiasts.  Expect to spend about $10 on a beer, and $15-$20 on dinner.Ask for the 8 page bottled beer menu. There are about 30 beers on tap, including some Belgians.  They make a good effort at serving the beers in the "right" glasses, which is especially amusing when ordering a Kwak.The food is good.  I had the Mole Burger, which combined a delicious hamburger with delicious mexican food.  The bun did end up quite soggy.  It was more food that I could eat, and usually I can destroy a hamburger.  The fries that came with it were excellent.  The amount of fries included is reasonable, but ordering a side of fries gets you A LOT of fries.We also got the house pickled veggies, which were *very* good.  My partner got the Reuben, and said it was the best pastrami he has had.  It was very good and came with a sizeable pile of pickles.  It was already very busy on a Saturday night, and as word gets out, I expect it will get even busier.
<review# 2042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,7/21/2013,73,158,2,4,3>So glad that Tacolicious has made its way to Palo Alto.  And its just as good as the SF location... maybe better!  I say better because this one is much larger meaning a lot less time waiting for a table.  I figured it would be silly to order anything but tacos here, so that is all I've tried so far, but they are awesome.  Definitely high-end tacos.  In addition to a list of tacos that includes filet mignon, carnitas, chicken and a few veggie options, they always have a "taco of the day" and those are awesome.  On this trip I got a "pollo verde" taco, and I highly recommend it.  All tacos come with three dipping sauces, a mild (green) one, a medium (chipotle) one and a hot (yellow mustard) one.  All are very good.  Add a great beer and cocktail selection and you have a great spot in Downtown PA.  I'll be back.
<review# 2043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,7/20/2013,93,917,2,2,3>Tiny and cramped, and the line will most likely be oozing out the door. However, Verde Tea Cafe offers an extensive menu with a variety of drinks (moreso than your average pearl tea place), which makes it worthwhile to try. The drink sizes are also larger than most places.The taro milk tea with pearls was so delish!Tip: Grab and go! Oh, and the line moves fairly quickly, so don't hesitate.
<review# 2044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,7/19/2013,29,866,4,8,6>OMG....they...they opened up an Ike's right on my block?This is scary. And delicious. Also this Ike's location has BREAKFAST sandwiches. Huzzah!Today's their opening day (they had a soft opening yesterday) and I ran to have their breakfast sandwich. I got the McLoven on a bagel (they also offer croissants). Egg, ham, sriracha goodness...it was delicious. Highly recommended over Noah's or McDonald's (also roughly within 1-2 blocks).Their lunch menu is decent, but obviously a subset of the options they have in RWC or SF. They also have limited seating in the store itself.I'm gonna get so fat off of Ike's...P.S. they close at 2pm now due to lack of business after that time.
<review# 2045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,7/18/2013,128,133,5,7,6>There's really nothing about this store that I don't love...Let's do a top 10 list!!!1. I have been shopping here since I was a tiny wee one, when ice cream was the only thing on my shopping list.2. I can walk here from my current home.  I used to walk here from my childhood home.3. The owner is involved, around and friendly.  I like to support local shops.4. For being such a tiny store, they pack in the high quality goods.  I no longer have to trek to Mollies on Cal Ave for my favorite cheese, now I can just go to the corner store.  They also frequently introduce me to new gourmet goods like dried kale and different brands of fancy chocos.5. On Monday evenings, they bring food trucks in front of the store for additional yums.6. Wednesday and Thursday evenings, they offer free beer and wine tastings.7. I met a very special boy here one night (Yelp refused my heart emoticon- so just pretend you can see it here)8. Wine and beer selection is amazing- tons of local and hard to find goods.9. There is a REAL butcher, not just packaged meat stuck on a shelf10. It's a Menlo landmark.  DUH!
<review# 2046,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2013,7/17/2013,169,100,6,8,7>You can get anything want... at Alice's Restaurant.I have frequented Alice's on numerous occasions and most were pit stops on long bicycle rides starting in Palo Alto.Alice's is a delightful diner tucked among the redwoods where families, cyclists, motorcyclists, hikers, writers, musicians and Silicon Valley entrepreneurs can all come together to enjoy a gourmet burgers and sweet potato fries, scrumptious scrambles, or homemade pie... you can find whatever you want here.This former general store that supported the logging industry has many microbrews on tap, as well as local wines.  This tasty diner food rates even better because of the wonderful nature that surrounds you.  Hit the back on hot summer say and grab a beer with your meal to quench your thirst!  Alice's is also the perfect place for people watching with their diverse clientele!The restaurant was bought by Alice Taylor in the 1960's who renamed the restaurant after herself and the now famous Arlo Guthrie song of the same name.My traditional order here is the tuna sandwich + extra pickles and sans potato chips.Bar only food specials available Monday through Friday when ordered from the Bartender.Monday - Bratwurst $4Tuesday - Rufino Crispy Taco $4Wednesday - Bufalo Wings $5Thursday - Nachos (tortilla chips cooked to order) with homeade guac. $5Friday - Pulled Pork Sliders $5This is a must is you are in the area!!
<review# 2047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,7/16/2013,91,159,4,5,5>I always lamented the fact that Belmont is in the middle of nowhere, surrounded by a bunch of cities that are in the middle of somewhere. Bits and pieces of San Francisco never seemed to make their way to Belmont. Until now. Now we have food trucks! These food trucks will be making an appearance at the Belmont Caltrain parking lot every Monday from 5-9 pm until the end of summer. It was pretty cool coming out to the food trucks yesterday. There were a lot of families, friends, and individuals sitting or standing around with live music playing in the background and an assortment of food trucks in the foreground. Off The Grid's website states that they wanted to create the "connected" feeling of an Asian night market, and it definitely felt like a very connected community. The food all looked really good too. I had a hard time deciding what to get and eventually narrowed it down The Rib Whip and We Sushi. We Sushi won out in my head, and I eventually got some sushi burrito in my stomach. Can't wait for next Monday when the vendors of Off The Grid return.
<review# 2048,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,7/15/2013,41,380,3,3,2>Located on one of the smaller streets off the main University Avenue corridor of downtown Palo Alto.  Street parking only, which can be hard to find, or one of the free public lots operated by the City of Palo Alto.The sign says "Peninsula Fountain Grill" but it is called "Palo Alto Creamery" -- something with the sign being historic so they don't take it down.  It also appears the interior is original history from the 50s as well, as it is old, old, old!  But it adds to the charm.I know it's not my imagination, but this location is WAY tastier than the Stanford mall location, which is new, new, new and doesn't have the character of this location.I also just discovered that the same people own and operate Scratch upscale comfort food restaurant in Mountain View, Gravity wine bar in DT-PA and Reposado upscale Mexican restaurant in DT-Pa.  Who knew!!I never read reviews before going here, and based on appearances, I wasn't expecting much.  However, I was pleasantly surprised by the tastiness of the food.  Definitely classic diner food and lots of comfort food and desserts.  I will return!
<review# 2049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,7/14/2013,330,533,5,6,5>I'm so glad something has been done with the caboose that's been parked in Half Moon Bay for so many years!  Daddy-O's serves fast food that's of a quality far above your typical fast food place.The menu is very appealing, but so far I've ordered the same thing on both visits: a grilled cheese sandwich with sauteed mushrooms and onions, and a bit of red wine jam.  It is just too good to resist!Because the kitchen takes up the entire train car, there is only outdoor seating here.  Not a lot of it, either.  But the tiny patio is very nice.  The smoker, mixed with the scent of the pine trees next to the patio make a nice combination.  It smells like a campground, and in a good way.  Service is very friendly.Next time, I will definitely order something other than grilled cheese, because I can tell from the other reviews there's a lot of good stuff here.
<review# 2050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,7/13/2013,198,547,5,4,5>Like everyone else is saying "HOW did I miss this place??"We made reservations for a Friday evening and the place was very busy but there definitely was room for a few walk-ins. The atmosphere is modern and clean, white napkins with lots of natural light coming in.We shared 2 "first courses" and 1 entree and a few drinks. I had their grappa, it was excellent for only $15 a glass. The two "first courses" we shared were the lobster ravioli (it was OK but a little too heavy... but isn't any creamy sauce heavy?) and the warm spinach salad YUMMMMM that salad was perfect with goat cheese croquettes!For the main we had the halibut paired with a risotto which we highly enjoyed.I think I've found a new favorite!
<review# 2051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2008,9/9/2009,537,770,6,9,8>The foie gras here is soooooo good. I was like eating liquid fat on a crunchy piece of bread. I really have not had good foie gras until now, it came with a bit of citrus which might have been a mandarin orange. The subtle sweet tanginess was perfection with the smooth savory grilled foie gras. I needed to catch up with girlfriend Yvonne W. after having not chatted in a long time. So her friend suggests this Mexican joint also on California, but when we drive around, that place is completely empty. Completely empty on a night before holiday is a no-go in my book. I tell her, this place is delicious and will be worth going to since she also dressed really cute for me. We started out with a bottle of whine and wine. Sparkling it was and pretty filling. Then as we waited Yvo's bf said he'd be joining us. So we ordered oysters to start. I like how they have little plates of appetizers to keep you busy while you wait because it was a long wait due to an accident for Yvo's bf on 101. The olive bread as usual is delicious, as are the fresh olives which I normally don't like, but here the flavor is just right.  The oysters come and are the usual deliciousness. Then we had the aforementioned foie gras, followed by our dishes and mac and cheese, as well as the french fries. I know seriously we ordered french fries at a french restaurant. Sacre bleu! Faux pas! Nevertheless the fries are so drool worthy here. They are a close second to Ecollo which I think has the best french fries around. I ordered the duck confit which was cooked to utter tender and juicy perfection served abed a tasty risotto. Yvo had the crab cakes which were solid, and well seasoned, great but I'm not a huge fan of crab cakes in general. Then her bf had the scallops and fatty pork on a bed of beans via my recommendation. It was just as delicious as I remembered. The sweetness of the fresh large scallops paired with the salty fatty pork was divine. I just love the ultimate pairing of savory sweet. It's so good. We settled on another white wine for the main courses, and were way stuffed, but Nata B. had suggested prior to my arrival to try the chocolate souffle, and it was amazing. I'm not a huge fan of chocolate, but this was light, fluffy and airy. A heavenly experience, with FABULOUS service from the host and the waiters. This has hit the high notes as one of my favorite restaurants in the Bay that I have had the pleasure to try. I love French food and this was FAR better than Left Bank.
<review# 2052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2008,9/8/2009,215,101,7,6,5>If I could be a restaurant, I'd want to be Kaygetsu. Classy, friendly, and fancy. And serves the best Japanese food in the Bay Area. Also kind of sneaky, because that delectable Japanese food comes in a restaurant in a strip mall! But don't worry, since that strip mall is located on Sand Hill Road, it's worth about $20 billion. There is no higher praise than freshness for sashimi, and there is no fresher fish in the area. Exquisite presentation, the best ingredients, and the kitchen's creativity make Kaygetsu one of the finest dining establishments around.
<review# 2053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2008,9/7/2009,358,1030,13,18,19>Sunday night...a group of eight...in San Mateo...collectively hungry for Japanese food. GOOD Japanese food, that is. Our first choice, Oidon, was closed, but luckily Izakaya Mai offered us a large semi-private table in the back. For that alone, I already liked Mai.* FOOD * You look at the lengthy menu and wonder, "how could one kitchen offer so many dishes and how could they ALL be good?" Therefore, we ordered A LOT...definitely more than we could handle...in the hope that at least a few of them will satisfy our craving: edamame, agedashi tofu, seaweed salad, goma-ae, ohitashi/spinach salad, white tuna salad, spicy tuna salad, hamachi-head, miso cod, buta-kimchi, buta-eggplant stirfry, ankimo, unagi (appetizer), beef carpaccio, yaki-udon, several sushi rolls, a bowl of Champon, and a few more that I can't remember...and some beer plus two orders of "large" sake - this time, light and crispy Bishonen. We were fairly happy with most items. As others have noted, champon was delicious. Very hearty and comforting. Edamame, of all things, was suprisingly well flavored. Agedashi tofu was hot and crispy, and the sushi rolls were finely presented. One plate I would not order again is the yaki-udon, which was a bit too sweet for our palates. As the name suggests, this is an IZAKAYA restaurant, NOTHING MORE. And it's an authentic one, in my opinion. Your main objectives are to drink, sample a bit of everything, drink some more and simply enjoy the action.  (BASICALLY, for quality sushi, you go to a sushi bar. For real ramen, you go to a ramen shop.)* SETTING & SERVICE *Our experience may have differed significantly had we not been seated in the private section... The place is rowdy and cramped, which explains the not-to-attentive service. However, the prices are very reasonable, the sushi chef was nice enough to help us take group photos. * SUM * Still need to try Oidon...but for now, Izakaya Mai is my #1 izakaya in San Mateo.
<review# 2054,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2009,9/6/2009,457,309,4,7,5>My roommate has been raving about this place for awhile so I had pretty high expectations.  Usually not a good thing because then I end up being disappointed because no place can be as good as what I expect.  BUT I finally got here for a late late brunch with a couple of friends, and I absolutely LOVED it.  I hope to be back again and again and again if I can!!So let me tell you why I love the Pantry.  Service was friendly and fast.  My food got out hot and quick.  I got the two cakes/two eggs combo and firstly, it was CHEAP!  I think for the two hotcakes (a good size too!), two eggs, and multiple strips of bacon it was $5.45 (then add in tax and tip).  Pretty good price for a breakfast/brunch place.  Already a good sign.The food was SO good.  The pancakes in particular were mouth-wateringly good.  Fluffy and filling and oh so so good.  The eggs I asked for scrambled and they were cooked well (sometimes places make them rubbery or runny, neither of which I like, but the Pantry did them right!).  The bacon was fine, but I would've maybe liked it crispier.  I didn't care, that was the last of what I was eating and I was so full anyway, so full of delicious food.  I haven't tried their lunch foods or Filipino dishes, but I definitely plan to come back.  Just a note, this place is slightly hard to find but right next to Jack's Prime which is easier to spot and parking is sorta cramped, so be prepared to wait a bit for parking!
<review# 2055,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2008,9/5/2009,206,417,9,8,8>This is a great little place for dinner with some friends. A pitcher of SANGRIA and and order or two of BRUSCHETTA and you're set!!! The favorite of the night was the prosciutto with figs and mascarpone. MMmm sooo good. I also liked that there was live music to jazz up the atmosphere. It wasn't the horrible kind either where you have to scream over the table to have a conversation or annoying, like it sometimes can be.As for their service...our host was great, but our server definitely could have been a little less full of himself. Also its a no-no to make smoochy time inside the restaurant w/ the gf at work... tisk tisk.
<review# 2056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2009,9/4/2009,131,459,5,11,5>Just came here earlier in the evening with a large group of co-workers and had a great time drinking, chatting, and chowing down!  Here's a run-down of the reasons you should come here:1. A fantastic fondue of good old-fashioned Emmentaler and Gruyere soaking in lots of good white wine and garlic.  Lots of fresh bread, cruciferous veggies, and green apple pieces for dipping.1a. Fondue is nicely priced.  Do you really want to spend $100+ for two at La Fondue?  Forget that and come here.  Sure, it's not as "upscale" as La Fondue in the sense that you won't get any of the pricey meats or the huge variety of choices, but really, do you need a lobster tail or alligator meat to have a great fondue meal?  I don't think so.2. Triple-cream brie with a light, almost whipped cream texture, but with lots of flavor.  Most bries are overly gooey/heavy/cloying and have little flavor, with all the real flavor being stuck in the rind.  Not so with this brie.3. Chocolate fondue was great, not so much because of the dippable fruits and cake pieces (they were fresh, but nothing special) but because the chocolate used was great.  We're talking about a lot of dark, Belgian chocolate, with very little in the way of fillers like cream or milk.4. Great, drool-inducing beer selection.  I was very happy that they offered Chimay (Bleue)--it paired fantastically with both the cheese and chocolate fondues.  The wine list was tempting as well--one of my co-workers had a fantastic looking brut rose--but I was more than happy with my Chimay and so I didn't partake.5. Perfect, casual service.  Places that do charcuterie and wine/cheese tastings often have a reputation for being snobby/elitist, but the attention we got here was down to earth, friendly, and welcoming.6. Even the stemware was excellent, from the wine glasses to the beer glasses and the flute for the rose.  This is something I almost never take note of but I couldn't help but do so here.7. Prices.  All this great food and great beer and wine stuffed us to the gills for $24/person (that includes tax and tip).  Fantastic price for a joint of this nature, especially one located in this area of the Peninsula.Any quibbles I have with the place are minor: I would have preferred the cheese fondue to be a little less salty; I would have liked raw chocolate instead of Dutched chocolate in the dessert fondue; and I noticed that a couple pieces of pear on our dessert fondue plate still had the little SKU sticker clinging to the peel.  Scrub that off, guys!Also, I notice that the few reviewers who've left indifferent or negative comments tried the sandwiches here.  One person in my group had a panino and she said it was nothing special.  Perhaps it's best to stick to the great drinks and to the fondue or the meat/cheese flights when you're here.All in all, what a fabulous way to end the work week!  I have a no-dairy rule that I break occasionally, and GC's was definitely worth it.
<review# 2057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2009,9/3/2009,362,488,13,18,15>I hardly go out to lunch during the work week because I always bring my lunch from home, but I wanted to go out and get something to eat for a change. I found this place on Yelp and headed out to downtown San Mateo.I decided on the East Coast Special on a soft roll and it was delicious. The quality of meat was really good and I actually ate salami. And I hate salami -- partly because I don't like the smell, but I figured with all the other ingredients, I wouldn't notice it. I also ordered a side of potato salad and it was good as well. The service was fast and was out the door within minutes.I'm looking forward to trying out the different sandwiches especially the pulled pork. This deli will make you forget about Subway or Togo's.
<review# 2058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2009,9/2/2009,152,274,7,7,6>oh dear.  i see my wallet quickly emptying out.  cuz im gonna come like once a week at least for sure X:im so happy that i finally got around to trying this place!  i dont know how it took so long, since i'm literally a mile away.  so here it is:i've been to nobu on hudson once a few years back.  the food here is nearly up to par!  and for about 60-70% of the price, even less during lunch!  they have great lunch specials; mind you, they arent cheap but for what you're getting in return it's really a steal.  try their $16 prefix menu, their version of a lunch bento.  miso soup, rice, choice of an appetizer and choice of an entree and an adorable, mini version of their divine strawberry panna cotta served in a bamboo cup.  try the tuna sashimi salad (lined with cracked sesames and finely seared) or rock shrimp salad (tempura shrimp pieces) to start.  i went for the black cod entree.  SO good and it was a sizeable piece!  try getting it at gochi or kappo nami nami for about $15-20 and you will get a piece half the size (though i love those restaurants too!).tried my friend's spicy tuna roll.  simple but probably the best i've had, barring nobu.  the texture was so amazing, nearly a custard and it was incredibly fresh.  i also sampled the volcano roll which is spicy tuna, topped with salmon and sauce and baked.  very good as well.ooh and the kobe beef tataki is yum!!! i didn't think too much of the tuna tartar and caviar to be honest...my other friend got the spicy salmon lemon entree which sounded gross to me but it was actually very good.  the salmon was done so well, juicy and tender and definitely wild!  none of that neon pink staring back at me.  a good degree of spicy and it was a BIG piece!i cant even decribe the panna cotta.  SO light.  MMM.you can also order things not on the menu; other items available at nobu like the matsuhisa shrimp and caviar (GET IT.). ah, i sprung at the last second and got a piece of the live eel ($4.50/piece).  right before eating, i said, "you better be an orgasm in my mouth."  .. it was.
<review# 2059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2009,9/1/2009,53,119,5,6,6>When I got out of the car to go into Green Elephant, I was super excited to see this place!  Never been before, never yelped it, but it looked so darn good!  It's rare that I go somewhere without yelping it first.  I'm a Yelp freak.Pros:+ 150 flavors!  But the case only has room for about 50.  Really unique flavors too like "computer chip."  haha that was cute.+ Huge fan of the Saffron Pistachio+ Only $2.50 for a mini, which is plenty since the ice cream is pretty richCons:+ Does getting stressed out over what flavor to pick count as a con?Bottom Line:  I REALLY need to go back.  Especially since people are raving about the white chocolate ginger.
<review# 2060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2009,8/31/2009,90,588,13,17,16>This is a review by a vegetarianAs of this writing , there are 7 other reviews, mostly by single review question heads or from experiences on opening day or from people who gave Taco Bell 5 stars. Pretty much only the first one seems even-handed and fair.Here is what Buon Appetito serves: square thin crust pizza by the slice plus calzones, salads, and panzerotti. The toppings are a bit avant guard but there seems to be method to the madness. The key price point is not $3 for one slice but the more common $5 for two slices of any kind.They are open till 9pm which is a half-hour later than the current defacto peninsula slice shop, Speederia.This is still a shakedown period. I would suggest to them  slicing the fresh mozzarella  a little thinner and covering a little more of the pie with it or risk getting more "white blob" comments as in an earlier review. The cheese is good quality though tends to give off a little moisture during reheat. The crust is solid enough to take it without compromising structure.The open kitchen has a huge dough mixer right up front so you know there are no pre-made frozen placemats being dropped off from a central commissary (I'm lookin' at you Domino's)I look forward to their product and a possible rating upgrade after they do their tuning.Finally, this officially makes 37th ave the most unlikely foodie alley on this side of the Bay. Along with Alana's, G&G, Yuzu,  Romolo's, and the ever-amusingly named "Stop'N'Liquor" you can come to this short nondescript stretch and get all different kinds of good food fairly quickly. Seriously, now that you know, never-ever go into the food-court at Hillsdale mall again.
<review# 2061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2008,6/29/2008,690,683,5,8,6>Portrait time is painful, and it's 10 times as painful for parents with small kids in tow.  So I empathize with some of the frustrated reviewers who came before me.That said, these guys DO fill a very useful niche by providing simple and affordable portrait service.  If you plan a week or two in advance and bring a coupon, you can literally go in for a free sitting and then decide afterwards if you got a great photo that's worth $20 or so.  Your alternative, of course, is to shell out hundreds of dollars for a real professional sitting... or to skip the whole thing and do your best with the point-and-shoot camera at home.  Given that, we opt to come by the Picture People once or twice a year for photos of the kids.  This weekend my wife had us do one of the whole family, and we were in and out of these with two nice new family photos in about an hour.  So sure, the customer service is imperfect and you can certainly find a better photographer if you are willing to pay up -- but I have to admit that these folks do offer a very useful service at the right price.
<review# 2062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2008,6/28/2008,142,420,4,7,7>Awesome! My best friend took me and my mom to Jeffrey's today for the very first time. We were greeted by one of the waiter who asked us how many to our party and suggested where we could sit which we thought was weird for a burger place. We placed our order and the girl at the register was super sweet and she repeated it to make sure it was accurate.We found a really nice booth to sit in and the murals on the walls were insane, they were perfect. The best touch was the chain curtains near the restrooms.Enough about the appearance and let me get to the food, A waiter brought over our food and made sure he told us where to go to add the condiments. A fresh condiment bar with Lettuce, Tomatoes, Onions, Pickles, Jalapenos and next to it was the Ketchup, Mustard and Mayo, They had two of the condiment bars so no need to push your way in. What really impressed me was that they had a notice on the glass above the condiment bar which mentioned the current scare of Tomatoes infected with Salmonella, It mentioned where they purchased the tomatoes and that currently the location of purchase was not one of the ones which was infected. I thought that was the best thing they could have done.Back to the burgers, they were perfect so juicy and cheesy. The bread was also lightly toasted which made the first bite just melt in my mouth. The fries were also really yummy they were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The chili cheese fries were also great, just be prepared to eat lots of chili because they really pour it on. I regret not trying the Milk Shakes but they looked mouthwatering, I will definitely try one next time.By this time, we had a completely different waiter asked us if things were good, if we needed anything or if they could get us anything. I don't know about you but I have never received such GREAT SERVICE any restaurant like I did today at Jeffrey's. I would highly recommend this gourmet burger spot to everyone, its a great date place and perfect for kids. I really can't wait to go back.
<review# 2063,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2008,6/27/2008,44,72,16,10,14>No frills beer, no frills burgers, and no frills shaded picnic tables.  I, and my posse of Yelp DYKers, recently hit up the Alpine Inn after a Portola Redwood hike.  It was my suggestion, but apparently would not have been the choices of two other DYKers (ahemmm... Gur E 6/16/08 and Amy R 6/16/08).  First off.  Yes, these hamburgers belong in the class of American burgers that are borderline-disgustingly  greasy.  It's a class, it's American, live with it you SF foodies.  (I and my damn folklore-foodways certificate say so.)  You will feel ill afterwards, but you will feel the same way if you go to one of those damn Brazilian bbq places, too.  Be one with your digestion.- If you are California, -1 for messing with your hips- If you are America,  +1 for high fat-per-dollar ratio.Second off.  Yes, everything ala carte costs extra.   - If you are California, -2 for no avocado/sprouts/pomegranate options- If you are America, +1 for keeping that extra stuff away from getting in my $5 burger's way.  Third Off.  Yes, nature has buzzing flies- If you are California, -1 for not having bug zap lamps and fumigating the premises- If you are America, +1 for picnic-style adventures
<review# 2064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2008,6/26/2008,264,401,11,11,11>WW has been my go-to spa for years now. I've given dozens of gift certificates since there are 1 hour tub + 1 hour massage packages for a little over $100. On top of the already great value, WW now takes SpaFinder gift certificates which you can buy from Costco ($80 for $100 value). What sets WW apart from all the other spas are the PRIVATE tub rooms. I've planned a bunch of girls outings for birthdays, bachelorette parties, etc. They can accommodate parties of up to 10 people. It's nice to be able to relax and not have to worry about sharing your tub with strangers...esp. naked strangers. As much as I love my gf's, I make it a requirement that they all wear bathing suits and I try not to imagine how some people may be having *Blind Date* tv show-like moments in those tubs (ahem, Christine). But seriously, the atmosphere they create is so tranquil...almost a little too kitschy with Zen decor but they're one of the originals having been in the biz since 1980. I've never had any problems with masseuses or the front staff. My favorite room is Six Dragonflies since it has a tub, steam/shower room, and cold plunge (just try it...you might need it to drown yourself when the tiniest of your friends is talking about her dieting plan).
<review# 2065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2008,6/25/2008,307,514,15,20,20>Well, lets see, they sell wine.  They sell fine cheeses and olives.  That's probably worth 4 stars right there.  Add to that the fact that some mighty fine wines can be found at some mighty fine prices, and that, my friends, earns this store an easy 5 stars from me.This is a great store to try new things, & find wines you don't normally see.  For instance, not only do they carry ice wine here, but there's actually quite a selection from which to choose.  Look for the sales.  I've found an excellent cava here, cheap Riojas and all sorts of wines I don't know about beyond the fact that they're tasty.  (Latest favorite is gimmicky but good: a sparkling rose called Sex.)  At this very moment, I'm drinking the last of a $10 bottle of cabernet (on sale) from this store, that is warming my belly in the most delightful way!They have a tasting bar, but we've never tried it.  The people here are pleasant, not at all snobby.  The cheese selection is quite nice, although unlike the wine, is a tad overpriced.  Not that I'm complaining much - grab me a bottle of wine, a hunk of cheese & I'm ready to hop-along down the coast to picnic on one of the many gorgeous beaches around here. Tip: Look for the Sex.  (With fine wine & cheese, and a spectacular coastline, would you expect anything else?)
<review# 2066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2008,6/24/2008,352,193,6,9,9>I loved my bento box.  The tiger shrimp (3 big ones) was marvelous.  It wasn't this scratchy, deep fried, bland thing, that got mushy when you dipped it into the sauce.  The pieces of sashimi were good-sized.  Usually when I order bento's, I get mysterious fish for the sashimi--never anything good like the hamachi and red tuna here!  Getting six pieces (not four) regular sized California maki surprised me too.  My husband said he really can't imagine what their "big-assed bento box " (4 items) was like.  I had the $16 bento box (3 items -- 6 pieces white and red tuna, tiger shrimp tempura, and California roll) and a spider roll. My husband had the assorted tempura, tiger shrimp tempura, chicken teriyaki.The staff was ultra nice.  They're very attentive and check up on you a lot to see if there's anything else you may need.  People are comfortable here, which is a plus with me.  I like familiarity but I don't want people talking too much to me either.  Kobe had the right mix of atmosphere--intimate and social.I was so excited by the restaurant, I went to restaurant.... and ordered a coupon for my sister.  (You could also have a look at their menu up on restaurant.com and make reservations too.)I got her a $25 off certificate (minimum purchase of $45, but she has family and friends to have a sushi-fest with). She should be happy.  I didn't get $25 off my meal, and I happily went there twice at full price.
<review# 2067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2008,6/23/2008,48,170,1,8,7>I didn't realize until Mami T. told me, but this is my 100th review.  For my 100th review, I thought it was appropriate to review the Village Pub.This is the place where my husband and I got engaged, so it holds a special meaning for us.  This was one of our date haunts when we were doing long distance.  I would land at 9pm on my JFK-SFO flight, he would pick me up, and we would go to Village Pub.  We still come here once a month.  The cuisine at village pub is very california-style with an emphasis on ingredients.  They change the menu a lot according to the season, which, similar to 1550 Hyde, is a good thing for us since we go there often.We always share dishes, as both of us are not big eaters.  We usually have a salad or fois-gras, followed by steak frites.  We rarely eat anything else.  Oh, and we have a chocolate souffle at the end.Since my husband loves wine, we always ask Max, the sommelier for his favorite of the day.  Max used to be at the Ritz in Half Moon Bay, where we first met him, and we have been his loyal follower since.  He remembers my husband's preferences, so he picks out something and my hubby usually ends up liking it.Service here is exceptional and they are always super accomodating to us, always giving us our favorite seats and listening to our requests.  These things make Village Pub our favorite neighborhood restaurant.  I know there are many other places up in SF that offer the same kind of cuisine, but for people like us that live out here, we shall always be loyal customers of "the pub".
<review# 2068,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/26/2008,6/22/2008,106,181,4,8,8>Being that this is a wine shop in Burlingame, despite the cheesy red stop sign above the door, you assume this will be a classy upscale place with classy upscale wines.  The latter, yes.  The former, no.  They stock Opus 1, Sterling and Cakebread among a sparse selection of my favorite gerwurtraminers, but the classy atmosphere is noticeably absent.  You get the feeling that you're in a dark and dreary warehouse, bottles kept haphazardly with no regard to their safety and well being.  Something like a puppy mill for wine.  Talk to the people that work there, you're glad they only stock inanimate objects.  They don't present themselves in a way that instills faith in their wine recommending abilities nor do they seem to care about wine.  One patron asked if they carried wine from a certain vineyard and he received a response of "no" and nothing else.  The employee didn't bother to come out from behind the counter to look for the wine or to find an equivalent wine.  He just said "no" and waited for the customer to walk away.  Luckily they post ratings from wine magazines to aid your choice.  To sum it up: service is bad, conditions are less than optimal, prices are so-so but selection is good.  Plus an added bonus that they are right around the corner from me and are the only place other than Safeway that sells wine.  They have my business.
<review# 2069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2008,6/21/2008,80,155,11,9,10>Attention Peninsula candy freaks: There's a new sheriff in town. After months of renovation, the site of the former Grey's Paint on Howard and Lorton has opened its doors today as an amazing candy store.  I've hit up my share of candy shops, but this place is beyond my wildest dreams.  My first frenzied visit felt like that episode of Project Runway where the contestants had 5 minutes to grab what they could from the Hershey's gift shop to make a candy-themed outfit.  Here's what I made out with:--A bottle of Happy Tabs ("Because LIFE SUCKS")--C. Howard Violet Mints--A Frida Kahlo decorative mint case--The World's Greatest Pick-Up Bar ("3.5 oz. of milk chocolate that promises never to lie to you, to be there in the morning, to never ask your age and to really truly listen to everything you have to say").I've been waiting for this for months!  As I was returning to my car today, my UPS guy pulls up and goes running in and offers to buy me candy.  Sweet!  He got a bottle of Strawberry Crush from their huge selection of sodas.  Me, I'm happy with my chocolate bar.This is the first place I've been to that has all 4 things I look for in a candy shop:1. C. Howard Violet Mints2. Tutti Frutti Jelly Bellys sold in bulk3. Chocolate-covered Oreos4. Cinnamon BearsThere's enough candy here to make me develop diabetes a thousand times over.  Ah, well.  There's always the sugar free options.
<review# 2070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2008,6/20/2008,6,33,6,8,9>I have bushy, thick, manly brows. I can thank my father for that, I look just like him, right down to the big woolly caterpillars sitting above my eyes. I never knew how to shape them properly, and even when I got them waxed before I wasn't happy with the results ("can't you make them thinner? Can you even them out a bit more? Can you take a little off the top maybe?") I figured that with brows like mine I was determined to look like a bad mixture of my dad and Brooke Shields for the rest of my life, so I'd just pluck them now and then and GIVE UP. That was until I met Christina. It turns out that my thick, contentious brows are GREAT, because they don't need dying, and there's plenty of raw material to work with. Walking into the tiny shop I knew I was in the right place when I saw the "Yelp loves us!" cards on the counter. There's barely any seating in the shop, and only one chair for the brows but that's all these ladies need. I watched the woman ahead of me hop out of the chair looking fabulous, climbed into it myself and said goodbye to my bushy brows.Christina asks me if I just want them cleaned up, and I tell her to do what she thinks is best, I want them to look great. A grin spreads across her face, she pumps her fist and says "I LOVE when people say that!" I've been waxed before, I've had good waxers and bad waxers, and Christina is definitely a great waxer. There was minimal pain, and Christina was amazing. She shaped, she trimmed, she plucked, she waxed, she combed and shaped again. When I saw myself in the mirror I barely recognized myself without those heavy black brows that had been a permanent source of disappointment in my appearance my entire life. I felt like a model, I ogled myself in every reflective surface I could find, and felt giddy for the rest of the day, all for the cost of $20. So thank you so much Bombshell. I love you just as much as Yelp does.
<review# 2071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2011,5/19/2012,64,147,4,7,3>First of all, the food is delicious.  I had a bleu cheese burger on a wheat bun and it was outstanding.  Usually when you order a burger on a wheat bun at other restaurants you get an old stale wheat bun (if they even offer them at all.)  Not here-  the bun was fresh, soft, and toasted to perfection.  The burger was big and thick, and came with lots of bleu cheese and delicious red onions.My wife loved her sandwich, and was pleased that they serve her favorite beer (blue moon). I was happy that they offer sierra nevada and lagunitas IPA (all on tap.)  The place is very family friendly and the staff really took care of us.  They also have several bigscreen tvs on the walls for sporting events.  We'll certainly be back.
<review# 2072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2011,5/18/2012,488,309,8,12,14>I'm a big fan of Stanford - stellar academics, competitive athletics, friendly and diverse community, plethora of extracurricular activities, beautiful campus, perfect weather, accomplished yet humble faculty, the list goes on and on.  A+
<review# 2073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2011,5/17/2012,27,155,2,17,6>Less crowded (than SF), BEAUTIFUL, cool rocks... you just need to know where to go ;)Beaches: Dunes- (North end) Venice- (Mid-point) its more promising.Francis- (South end)- Enter at Kelly where the Visitor's Center and best maintained parking lot is. I like entering at Poplar. You'll have a steep walk down to the beach, but there are trails and benches up top if you don't want get your feet in the sand.2 Best Finds: - When you walk to the very end, there are rock formations that you can walk *carefully* on while the waves crash about. If it's low tide you can peek around further south and people watch the rich folks at the Ritz ;)- Wavecrest Conservation area= Trails! The Cliffs above the beach provide great views of the beach/waves/sunset. There were plenty of flat dirt bike trails, a few joggers and hikers. TIPS:-Expensive parking is a damper, but if you're willing to take a little stroll you can find residential parking. They may have hourly restrictions so chose your poison. -No bonfires allowed-No dogs allowed on the beach according to the website (but I saw quite a few, but they all seemed friendly :).Yes, it tends to be a little chilly here, but I love it!
<review# 2074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2011,5/16/2012,275,494,5,7,7>Those who know me well.. would be extremely surprised that I'm giving a 5 stars review to a VEGETARIAN restaurant! But yeah, something is not wrong with your eyes.. seriously FIVE STARS!!!I'm a carnivore by birth!!! I love steak, I love meat, I always order meat at restaurants and eat meat with most of my daily meals! I've seen and passed by the restaurant for many years and saw the reviews on Yelp, wanted to try it BUT my carnivore trait kinda pulled me away from entering the restaurant. Not until a Vegetarian friend wanted to meet up with me in the area and I was scrambling.. "oh crap, I though, I don't feel like eating salad at the moment".. so I decided to ask her to go to Garden Fresh and she pleasantly agreed with me!We went on a Wednesday night (got there around 6 and the restaurant was somewhat empty) ordered the drumsticks, Veggie ribs and General Veggie Chicken. The food arrived and we took a bite of the drumstick... we didn't say anything ... looked at each other and said "WOW!!! THIS STUFF IS GOOD!!!!" Seriously, it didn't taste gross at all!!! As a carnivore, I thought the texture of the drumstick was like "chicken"..yup, you read it right... tasted kinda like chicken!!!  yummmm!!! and even though it was a fried dish, it wasn't greasy at all!The general chicken was delicious too and so was the veggie ribs. Although, yeah..I could certainly taste the mushroom (vegetarian flavor) on the ribs lol...The total tab was about $40 (we ordered brown rice and two drinks)...so not that cheap for chinese food (the main dish was like $10-12 per dish) BUT certainly worth every penny!! I cannot wait to try more of their dishes!!! The restaurant is tiny and there aren't that many tables ..it got crowded and there was a line after 7PM...The lady (owner, I think) was very nice and friendly too so that's an extra star for this establishment. Their sign is somewhat invisible especially at night because some of the lights are out..but it's right next to Baskin Robbins on El camino and shoreline.. so just pull into the parking lot of Baskin Robbin and you'll find this restaurant :) Enjoy!!
<review# 2075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2012,5/15/2012,523,353,7,6,10>To put it simply, I pretty much refuse to drink milk tea if it doesn't come from Tpumps, tea station or purple kow.And you can't beat the price/proximity/service/customer loyalty program/free samples, etc etc... list goes on. This place totally goes way above and beyond the call of duty for "a boba/milk tea" place.They ask you if you want your milk tea more/less sweet, more/less milk, etc. I've tried it w/ more milk, also less sweet, but all in all, I'm pretty certain they have it down. I love my milk tea "normal". They've pretty much hit it on the nose as far as achieving a great balance of flavor. Even after you've ordered it, they call your name and ask you to taste it in front of them, just to make sure if you want them to re-make it in case it's not to your liking. WHO DOES THAT!!!??My favs (so far):Regular black milk tea (normal)Passion fruit green tea (w/ mango popping boba)Peach milk tea (normal)Honey green milk tea hot almond black milk tea (for those cold SF nights)I have been a patron since December, and have come numerous times ranging from it being totally empty to totally crazy packed. Amazingly they still maintain a great level of service and great quality of product. Gotta hand it to them, the owner is passionate about good milk tea, and it really shows! Gosh, I'm so glad they're in San Mateo...P.S. They don't have any decaf milk tea options, but the owner suggested a peach or honeydew "milk tea" without including the tea, he said it tastes close to the "with tea" option. Seriously man! why are you so awesome!!??
<review# 2076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2011,5/14/2012,192,309,4,9,6>If you are looking for a little spot to make your own, Bajis is the place. My wife and I have been coming here almost every Sunday, at a minimum, for the last twenty or so months (I know I didnt check in every time...bad YELPER!!!). I get the Eggs Benedict sub turkey with an English muffin (love the butter and crunchiness) or the sourdough. The wife gets the charleston way with egg whites and subs the hashbrowns for rye toast(12g carbs per slice people). We usually dont get her additional side of toast unless I am hungry.Remodeled!!!!! They listened to the customers and fixed the old decor EVERYONE!!! Great job to Baji, Manny, Omar, Sam, Mike, and the gang. New booths, tables, tv's, and they have online ordering at Bajis.com. They still have a diner feel but not a grimmy feel so it is getting more business than ever. Show up around 0800 and you should beat the church crowd, but as long as the weather is good, you can sit out side in the covered patio. SEE YOU HERE!!!
<review# 2077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2011,5/13/2012,1187,969,6,6,6>Located just doors down from Celias it was a brave move on the owners part to open here but going by my experience here a couple of weeks ago I think they are going to do pretty well. The restaurant is a decent size but doesn't have that many tables inside and on my visit it looked as though the front is more for where people ordering take out wait for their food and towards the back is more for the dine in experience as there is a bar and a couple of TV's mounted on the wall.As soon as we were seated the waitress brought us out some complimentary Chips, Salsa & Guacamole (yelp.com/biz_photos/H2br) while wait for our food to arrive. Hubby ordered the Chicken Enchiladas (yelp.com/biz_photos/H2br) while I had the Chicken Fajita (yelp.com/biz_photos/H2br) which came out quickly and on these huge plates that were more like the size of a small platter so one thing I must say is if you come to eat here bring your appetite! I only managed half of my meal and I was full.Food is good quality  and fresh, the only thing I wasn't keen on with my meal were the flour tortillas but then I haven't been impressed with any of them in restaurants locally yet.Service was attentive and quick, there only appeared to be one lady front of house taking phone orders and serving but she did a great job of keeping on top of everything. We were hoping to get Churros & Ice Cream for dessert to share but they were out of the Churros *sad face* and the waitress offered us complimentary Ice Cream instead which was incredibly nice of her, we declined though.As I have only been here once I give this 3.5 stars rounded to 4. They have an extensive menu so I fully plan on coming back to try more.
<review# 2078,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,5/12/2012,1556,579,5,7,8>Cafe La Tartine surprised me-- all these years I've been walking by, I thought it was just a pastry place. Lo and behold, they actually have some decent, healthy items on the menu. 3-4 salads to choose from that can easily be modified to strictly vegetarian as well as some yummy breakfast items and sandwiches. I had the Vegetarian Ciabiatta that automatically comes with a side salad. This side salad with olives, ity bity, tiny miniature pickles and vinaigrette was delicious. I could of had a whole plate of that! Food was super fresh and delicious! We were there late in the day-- before a movie and it was perfect. They served us so fast, we still had plenty of time to kill. If you're in this area, this is a great, quick spot to stop and grab a bite.
<review# 2079,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2012,5/11/2012,103,78,16,21,19>Don't be fooled by the unassuming exterior of this place, just in front of the Travelodge on El Camino Real. Park in the back and enter a very nice interior with white tablecloth service. We started out with the mussels in the lemon garlic sauce-OMG-I could eat that sauce on ANYTHING. Next came a beef coconut curry and an Indonesian chicken-both in great sauces with complex flavors. Finished it off with an orange-ginger flavored creme brulee. Straits is not to be missed!
<review# 2080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2012,5/10/2012,711,1140,13,19,17>A Meat lovers paradise. Came as a group of 10+ for a guys night out hearty dinner. It's kinda dressy but since it's the peninsula, pretty casual. Throughout the restaurant it seemed like a lot of groups were celebrating birthdays. If you're really hungry, ask to be seated in the back. We were big fans of being served first by the waiters when they would come out with their fresh sabres o' grilled meat.  At $54 a person, everything came out hot and juicy. Don't waste your appetite on the fluff/cheaper cuts that frequently come out; chicken hearts, sausage, and bacon wrapped chicken. Save it for the filet mignon and their glorious beef rib. The beefy, tender, freshly sliced off the bone rib only comes out once an hour. We kept the waiter at our table by talking sports so we could get extra slices. Didn't spend much time at their salad bar but their feijoada, Brazil's national dish, was easily best I've ever had. The pork melted, the sausage was plump, and the appetite filled. Beautiful. Before passing out, finished the meal off with some blood orange (very tart) and coconut (tasted like suntan lotion) sorbet. (yelp.com/biz_photos/IsHB)Better than the SF location since it's bigger, easier parking. The beef rib and feijoada were WOW. Casual, loud, relaxed. I'm a fan. Now, I just have to go to to Pampas to see how it compares.Beef rib (yelp.com/biz_photos/IsHB) (yelp.com/biz_photos/IsHB)
<review# 2081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2011,11/16/2011,905,867,7,14,9>**4 Stars**I have to give props to Shalala.  Unlike so many other ramen institutions, Shalala has really strived to improve and seems to be listening whole-heartedly to the constructive criticism.  I wrote last time that the oil problem was much improved on my last visit.    After another visit, I noticed several other significant improvements.1) They've started opening earlier at the lunch hour, at 11:15, to help with the lunch crowd flow.  2) They've expanded their menu beyond just ramen offerings.  While it's arguable whether they should be expanding to so many side dishes, I did find the King Oyster mushroom side dish to be super tasty and I can see myself getting it each time.  It goes well with the ramen.3) They have Sapporo, Asashi and Yebisu beer.  Several are actually offered on tap.  4) The broth quality has improved in flavor as well as decreased oiliness.  The toppings are less fatty (the chasu) and more tender and the soft boiled egg was perfect this time, unlike my first overcooked soft boiled egg visit.  As a final recommendation, I would urge you to stick with the shio broth.  It's by far their best broth in my opinion.  If you like spicy, they have a condiment jar of both pureed garlic and spicy paste that is fantastic to customizing the broth to your own tastes.  I also love the different sizes offered.  Medium was not a huge increase from small, but sharing a small and large for us was better than two mediums.  The extra half star goes to a notable increase in service.  The waitresses on a busy Sunday were busting their bottoms cleaning the tables and turning them over as quickly as they could.  They were very cognizant of the growing crowds outside and worked efficiently to seat people as quick as possible.  The lines continue to get longer for this place and as their shio broth starts to compare to places like Santouka and Orenchi, I don't see that changing.   Keep up the good work Shalala! Shalala accepts credit cards, but not American Express.My Ramen Rankings:1) Orenchi Tonkotsu Ramen with soft boiled egg1) Santouka Shio/Miso Ramen with toriniku pork (tied)-----3) Ramen Halu - Halu Ramen 4) Shalala - Shio Ramen5) Dohatsuten - Shio Ramen (mild and less salty)6) Ramen Dojo - Spicy Pork Ramen7) Kahoo - Kotteri Ramen (spicy)8) Santa - Tonkotsu Ramen with stewed pork (decadent pork)9) Ryowa - Butter Corn Ramen10) Katana Ya - Butter Corn Ramen11) Maru Ichi - Kuro Ramen
<review# 2082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2011,11/15/2011,676,1464,6,8,6>Yummy!!!!I did a quick search on "koobideh" on my yelp app (yay iPhone!) and I had bookmarked it for some time now to try. I was in the area running errands and stopped in to grab some quick dinner.The place is small and quaint; the people aren't the friendliest but the food was solid. You get in line and order at the cashier and they broadcast it to the kitchen in the back. They have this awesome yogurt dip that's sold by weight in the front. I ordered the koobideh and the chicken kebab with a side of rice.Got my number and waited by the back side door for to cooks to call it out.The kebabs come with lavash bread and a side of herbs and onions. Over rice and dipped in yogurt, MMMMMMM! No more paying absurd amounts at Shalizar!
<review# 2083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2011,11/14/2011,102,62,9,20,13>My first time being here & this place was basically the only one opened on Mondays. They were able to fit me in last minute for a hair cut (a big plus). Mia is so sweet. Made sure my hair cut was detailed & straightened! I normally have my aunt cut my hair when im sac. Now it's good to know who to go to in San Mateo :) thanks Mia! Simple & easy cut :)
<review# 2084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,11/13/2011,641,501,7,8,7>Love the local Belmont Farmers Market that happens every Sunday *year round!* am until about 1.  There's always a good selection of local grown veggies and fruits.  But you can also find a great egg farmer, a kettle corn popper *sometimes*, and some amazing vendors selling tasty ready to eat foods and breads.  It's not a huge farmers market, but just right. I like it especially cuz it's so convenient, and there's usually one or two asian farmers there so there's some good asian veggies too.
<review# 2085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2011,11/12/2011,819,198,14,25,20>Yay for Tpumps!! I swear their green teas have like crack in there or something, cause I can't stop coming back!Tpumps is my new favorite boba place.  Despite the fact that I have not ordered their milk tea so far, I am obsessed with their green tea selections.After my first visit, I have made 4 other visits within the first week and a half. My favorite has to be Passionfruit green tea with lychee popping boba.  I love the fact that they use tea brewed from real tea leaves.  Now this is the real shit.  The passionfruit green tea is so refreshing with a hint of sweetness.  I LOVE this one.  They also have peach green tea, which includes real peach chunks.  And honey green tea is a good one on days when you feel like you need some moisturizing in your throat.  My boyfriend is a fan of their Green Milk Tea, less sweet. He never ordered anything else. HAHAThe owner really cares for his customers.  Here is how you order:1. Pick the drink2. Pick the size ( Tpumps size or Pumpo size)3. Choose your preferred level of sweetness ( less sweet, normal sweet, more sweet)4. Indicate whether or not you want boba (pearls) in it.5. Give your name!It's that easy.  They have 2 sizes.  The Tpumps size which is 24oz, and Pumpo size which is 36oz!  I believe for milk teas, the Tpumps size is only $2.  letme repeat, $2!!!! Nowhere can beat that!The owner also concerns on the drinks they serve.  Everytime I go, they always ask me to try it first and see how I like it, if you want it more sweet, or less sweet, he can always adjust for you afterward.  The place is small and maybe kinda crowded at times when they get busy.  They only have 3 tables in total and just a couple chairs.  It may not be the best place to stay and chat with your friends, but definitely the place to go and grab some boba drinks to go.p.s. They have a rewards program here! For every 10 points you earn, you get a free beverage.  For 20 points, you get one of those plastic reusable cup things.  And for 30 points, you get a stuffed Panda with plastic reusable cup.  I have already earned my first free drink! Now it's your turn :)p.p.s. They take credit cards! EVEN BETTER.
<review# 2086,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,11/11/2011,637,255,6,7,8>If you're tired of mass-marketed, huge theaters, then Cinearts is the place for you. They only have two theaters and show either one or two movies at a time. Generally those movies are ones that you can't find in many large theaters, so if you're into independent movies or ones that are a little more under the radar, then come here.They recently redid their seats and the new ones are super comfy, broad plush seats that recline. No wonder I've fallen asleep in these before although the movie was very interesting.Since the theater only has a few select showings a day, the popcorn is made fresh before each screening, rather than sitting in a glass box all day getting chewy. Prices are comparable to other theaters, they have matinée specials as well as student and senior discounts.There's plenty of parking since it is amidst all the businesses in Palo Alto Square. Don't worry about having to be here way early for tickets and seating, I've always gotten the seat I wanted by showing up 5 minutes before the screening.
<review# 2087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,11/10/2011,100,285,41,44,44>I was just here in May, but St. Michael's Alley is one of my favorite restaurants in Palo Alto, and I had something to celebrate, so I went back Friday night.The in-door dining room was nicely appointed and elegant.  The service continues to be impeccable.  In fact, it's so attentively unobtrusive that it brings to mind the consummate "Gentlemen's Gentleman" Jeeves from the P.G. Wodehouse novels.  Wodehouse often described Jeeves as "shimmering in" when he was needed, then "shimmering out" when his services were no longer required.  The service at St. Michael's Alley is much like that.After we were seated, I opened the menus, starting with the wine list.  I'm something of a California Cabernet aficionado; I have a fairly deep pseudo-cellar at home with some good vintages, and while I'll sometimes order a bottle at a restaurant, I almost never order Cabernet by the glass, as restaurants tend to poor them much too young for my taste.  Tonight, my friend was in the mood for a cocktail, so I started to look at the list of beers on tap, when I noticed a Kathryn Kennedy Cabernet Sauvignon (from the Santa Cruz Mountains) in the wine by-the-glass section.  I looked for the waiter to ask about the vintage.  He shimmered in, shimmered out again to check, then shimmered back and told me it was a 2000.  Impressive - I love it when that hot stuff I find myself eying turns out to be "of drinking age" instead of "cellar bait" :-)  I ordered a glass, tasted it, and found it to be rich and concentrated, with good legs and nose: warm smooth maturing black currant with hints of tobacco, redwood and cherry.  The right stuff indeed! For dinner, I started with the Split-Pea soup.  It was thick, hearty and perfectly seasoned, with flavorful split peas, tender barley and spices all simmered together with just a hint of smoky flavor.  My main course was Grilled Cumin Scented Lamb Kebabs, with couscous pilaf, grilled vegetables, and mint sauce.  The lamb was tender, succulent and full of flavor; the mint sauce was just right - not too sweet, and not too grassy.All too soon (not because we felt in any way rushed, but because dinner was so pleasant) the waiter shimmered in with my dessert.  I had the "Got Milk?" Chocolate Layer Cake, which is a moist chocolate layer cake with dark chocolate ganache.  It was the perfect end to a wonderful meal.This visit, like my previous one, was definitely a five star experience.
<review# 2088,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2011,11/9/2011,141,329,6,6,6>In another example of "been meaning to go here," I finally found my way to Shalizar. And yes, it was good!The layout of the restaurant is mainly one big room, and it gets really loud even when only half full. Also, if you're seated near the large wooden doors at the entrance on a breezy and windy night, you're in for a blusteringly cold meal. Just a heads up!So, on to the food! On the table when we arrived was the Sabzi; I don't think we were charged for it, but I gladly would have paid for it. Feta, mint and walnuts is my new fav appetizer! For my entree I ordered the Baghali Polo. I'm a sucker for a good lamb shank; heck, I'd even shank someone for a lamb shank! You've been warned! Anyhow, it was delicious and quite filling. And on the side I got a side of the Koobideh; really scrumptious!My dining companions let me sample some of their entrees as well, and everything was just top-notch. I can't wait to come back and try different things; it seems like I can't go wrong!Service was stellar as well. We made reservations ahead of time, and I'd recommend it. They are a very popular spot!
<review# 2089,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2011,11/8/2011,502,315,6,5,7>This is where we go to pre-drink before the actual drinking begins. I remember a random Wednesday after work, we started with a shot of patron at Mervyn's, and then headed to dinner down the street at La Fiesta del Mar (with tequila tasting), then back to Mervyn's for 2 more rounds of patron, then off to Molly Magee's for beers, shots, cosmos and push ups on the dance floor. Seriously. There were so many blanks to be filled that night, but it was memorable nonetheless. All thanks to the cheap drinks at the small alleyway dive bar, Mervyn's to start us off. Bring cash, good friends, a healthy liver, and a can-do attitude.
<review# 2090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2011,11/7/2011,711,1140,12,14,15>4.5 stars. The Filipino style tapas and drinks were all 3-4 stars with my experience being 5. I'm a little bit more than a fan.   Came on a Friday night for a friends birthday group dinner of 8 that later turned to 14. People just kept showing up. +Liked that even with the change, the staff handled everything smoothly w/great service. +Loved that a whole bunch of other patrons weren't Filipino. There were even a couple of older folks (non-Filipino) with their teenage kids. A casual gateway restaurant for Filipino food.  I got to try - * SURF & TURF - Favorite dish of the night. Butterfish ceviche with coconut milk and this marinated then grilled thinly sliced pork belly. The best inihaw na baboy (Filipino bbq pork) I've ever had. ((yelp.com/biz_photos/32rd))- SWEET POTATO FRIES  w/ spicy ketchup - turned soggy quick   (yelp.com/biz_photos/32rd)- CHICKEN ADOBO LOLLIPOPS - Remember these from Poleng Lounge? (yelp.com/biz_photos/32rd)- SPICY POKE - Good kick, fresh tuna. (yelp.com/biz_photos/32rd)- BEEF SALPICAO - Similar to Vietnamese shaking beef / bo luc lac.- SIZZLING SISIG - Very rich and fatty, needs more acidity for balance  (yelp.com/biz_photos/32rd)- CRAB FRIED RICE - just ok, would have liked more crab. * CALAMANSI MINT mixer. So refreshing. DRINK THIS NOW! I had x 3 (yelp.com/biz_photos/32rd)Later on in the night, the restaurant turns into more of a bar/lounge. The dj played soul like some Stevie Wonder and George Benson. The crowd was pretty mixed, casual, mid/late 20's / 30's. Best part of the night? It was a clear that evening so they retracted a portion of the ceiling. So there's all this moonlight shining on the mini dance floor. And then when the dj played, "Turn your lights down low" by Bob Marley/Lauryn Hill everyone started signing along. Great energy and vibes. You just can't get this experience anywhere else.
<review# 2091,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2010,7/11/2010,220,362,2,5,4>Food has improved significantly!  Sounds like they listened to some of the criticisms on here and made adjustments - always appreciated.  Our server was great - exuberant personality and quickly responded to our requests.  Only downside is that things were wonderful while the restaurant was half full, but once it got full it took a long time for us to get refills and our check.  (Strange considering you'd think they would want to turn over our table quickly so they could seat some of the many people in line.)  All in all, great improvement and I think they are now on par with the other good burger joints in the area!
<review# 2092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2010,7/10/2010,36,119,6,12,10>Sooo very glad to find a great pizza spot closer to home than San Francisco.I read about the opening of Howie's a few weeks ago and finally had the chance to plan a trip there tonight. I looked forward to it and talked it up to the hubby for two days straight; the reviews and pictures had me hoping for an excellent pie a la Gialina, our previous favorite.At 5:45 the place was already busy with young families and couples. We could have waited for a table, but we sat at the bar right away. All the better, we love sitting at the bar.We ordered two glasses of wine, very pleased with both. Howie's knows how to provide good and inexpensive red wine to pair with pizza. Even the house red- "Howie's Red"- was really good. We shared a Caesar salad to start. The romaine was crisp and fresh, the dressing lightly coated the leaves without drenching. But oh, the pizza. Please note, the online menu does not reflect the reality exactly. We tried two of the offerings on the menu, split on one pie: the house-made sausage with broccoli rabe, and the pizza bianco. It came piping hot on an elevated trivet, and we dug right in.The crust is so good. It's funny how pizza crust can make or break, as it should be so fantastic but not overpower the toppings. Broccoli rabe is a wonderful topping for pizza, and the pizza bianco had such wonderful flavor from the plethora of cheeses. If I remember correctly, it was topped with mozzarella, parmesan, smoked mozzarella, and housemade ricotta. I may be omitting one or two. It was also topped with fresh chopped scallions, and with a little added red pepper flakes it was divine. We didn't leave any behind.I am so happy to say that we will be back again and again... very soon. Palo Alto is a much easier drive from San Mateo than Glen Park, and I can't wait to try some of Howie's other pies. We'll be back at the bar to sample other pies soon.
<review# 2093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2010,7/9/2010,134,722,6,7,7>In need of a caffeine infusion to get through the day? I suggest you mosey on over to the newest Coupa Cafe location and get yourself a Guayoyo. A Venezuelan latte, this cup of magic fuel kept me alert and ready for anything after I found myself drooping around 2PM. Now settled into the little coffee kiosk that used to house Moonbeans, Coupa Cafe is lively and busy. Grab a cup of Joe and go or stay for a while and study, read or chat with friends for a spell at one of the cafe's outdoor tables. The place is fast paced, enjoys a distinctly Latin spirit and the staff works hard to make sure you leave fueled up and with a spring in your step.
<review# 2094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2009,7/8/2010,39,159,2,9,7>I can't say enough good things about Zombie Runner.  They're very knowledgeable and very friendly, and even helped me find a pair of trail running shoes that don't hurt my feet (for me, that's quite an endeavor: plantar fasciitis + a history of shin splints).  I also appreciated that although I am overweight and unathletic looking, they were *very* nice--not the least bit condescending.  They treated me exactly the same way they treated the marathon trail running guy who came in around the same time.  This isn't always the case at running stores, and I really appreciated that they could help out a beginner just as well as an expert.  They also have a great collection of socks.As others have pointed out, this is a trail-running store, not a general running store.  If you like to run on pavement all the time, this isn't the store for you.  However, if you're more of a hiker than a trail runner, you'll  find lots of useful shoes and hiking supplies.On the coffee side, I have even more to say.  DC, who always seems to be behind the espresso bar playing with various cool, intricate, coffee-brewing contraptions, knows a ton about coffee.  They get the beans from some friend of theirs who's a roaster, and the whole beans for sale always seem to have been roasted less than a week ago.  Amazingly flavorful.  I recommend starting with the Guatemala.  Once you try ZR, you'll be bummed if you have to buy your beans at Peet's again.  Seriously.  It's *that* good.  Excellent lattes and drip coffee, too.  Nowhere to sit, really, but it's fun to get your cup of platinum-quality coffee and walk around the store looking at funky trail running accouterments, books, and zombie toys.  Definitely worth a visit if you live anywhere within an hour or two's drive (I have a friend who gets her coffee here even though she lives in Alameda--and I'd probably do the same!).
<review# 2095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2009,7/7/2010,381,291,2,4,2>In downtown MV, there are two ramen places: Maru Ichi and Ryowa.  Both are busy for lunch and dinner, but this place is bigger.  So if you're like me and just wanted a quick place to grab a bite on Sunday evening, this is the right pick.  The service here is pretty quick, so you might as well take your time deciding.  Some like the combo meals, but I'd rather try out the more elaborate soups.  So far, I've just had the miso ramen and the nabeyaki udon, and I prefer the former.  The miso's just a little oily, isn't too salty, and has a lot of flavor.Other things to remember: you might have to put your name on a list, and *cash only.*
<review# 2096,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,7/6/2010,56,302,3,5,3>My Gym is totally growing on me.  I've been there 4-5 times now for kids' birthdays, and I think the staff there does a great job of what I like to call "controlled chaos."  The parties always follow the same pattern:  free play, guided warm-up, guided activity/story time, birthday wishes, more free play, birthday celebration with rides down a zipline, eating lunch/dinner and cake, and more free play.  The activity/story time is led by a perky young staff member, and usually involves puppets and bubbles.  They do a really good job of making sure the birthday boy or girl feels special.  I also like the way that they play to whatever age the children are.  I think you're required to get pizza from Round Table (which my kids don't love, so that's tough).  While the kids are eating, no one is allowed in the play area (including parents, which makes it tough to help your kids with their food because the kids face the eating area like a one-sided picnic bench).  The eating space and the standing space for the parents is very narrow and cramped and it's generally difficult to move around.That being said, the kids are kind of clueless about that, so for them it's just fun.  I'd say parties here are always a big hit.
<review# 2097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2010,7/5/2010,225,288,4,4,2>This is definitely a place you want to take the ladies out to. Good food and great ambiance = spectacular things happening at night. Let's keep it PG for the sake of Yelp.  I was pleasantly surprised there was a great restaurant on Castro St, the others were horrendous.  Our 25 person party ordered everything on the menu and I got a sample of little bites here and there.  I would suggest the following:Xanh SaladGarlic Shrimp NoodlesShaking BeefSea Bass why not just order the whole menu, everything is savory and deliciousI usually don't wine and dine girls at expensive restaurants, but Xanh is definitely one place I would.  The sacrifices a man has to make to please a woman... =)
<review# 2098,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2010,7/4/2010,227,119,4,9,6>A classic case of "don't judge a book by its cover". I decided to check this place out because of the good reviews. When looking for the place we drove right pass the restaurant while still actively looking. That says a lot about the location. There were also no lights illuminating the restaurant sign on the building. Upon arrival, I had to admit, I kind of regretted choosing this little corner restaurant and had pretty low expectations, BUT I still decided to give it a try. It was around 6:30pm and there was no one there except the waitress and the sushi chef. (Now I really wasn't expecting anything...)We ordered 3 rolls (tiger, peninsula, and ?) and the sushi combo. It was plenty of food for the three of us. The rolls were large and looked delicious. Even so, I was still skeptical but after I took my first bite... all the skepticism faded away. Good amount of sauce, fresh sushi, and loaded with lots of fish/ ingredients instead of just rice (like other places). They have a good selection of creative rolls but not an extensive list of appetizers. But whatever, you don't go to a sushi bar for appetizers. The prices were good for the amount of sushi you got. Overall it was a pleasant experience. The ventilation isn't the best so expect smelling like sushi when you leave. The staff was friendly, they had a tv in the back, and the sushi was pretty good. This place is definitely under appreciated. I will be back!
<review# 2099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2010,7/3/2010,523,353,10,10,10>My one gripe (on myself) would be why the heck didn't I try this place sooner!!!Last week I was so excited to go and just walked in, to only find out that we had to wait 40 mins for a table, unless we wanted to sit outside. FAIL on me. I was warned, but I decided to try my luck anyway without a reservation. Fast-forward one week, and I have reservations for 6:30pm on a Tuesday night. SOOOO glad we did because there were only a couple of open tables left, and by the time we ended our meal, every single seat in the entire restaurant (and bar) was occupied. Parking is pretty easy for this neighborhood.Service was perfect for what this restaurant is. That's it. They ask you if you want tap water or bottled/sparkling water, which I wasn't quite expecting for this restaurant... I opted for tap :)The bread came out warm, nice artisan bread which tasted good, except the crust was way too hard for my liking. The butter was nice and soft for easy spreading. WOO HOO! Oh yeah, don't eat all of it at once, b/c once you order the truffle gnocchi, you'll wish you saved a couple pieces to wipe up the remaining sauce on your plate.Don't be alarmed when you don't see the truffle gnocchi on the menu (not to be confused with the gnocchi entree), b/c the server will come by and explain the specials in which the pillowy gnocchi in white truffle browned butter parmasean sauce appetizer is mentioned. The server also mentioned in the specials about some soup of the day, which had truffle oil in it (which I was tempted but didn't get)... I sense a recurring theme here. I LIKE.We split the white truffle gnocchi and the server told us that he'll order 5 pieces for each of the 3 of us who were dining, which was the perfect portion before the meal (unless you want to order it as your entree that is!!). I savor each bite and end my appetizer by wiping up the sauce with my piece of bread... so goooooood..... x__x i die...I had the Insalata Boscaiola $10. Arugula, thinly sliced mushrooms, apples, Parmigiano & walnuts tossed in a white truffle vinaigrette... see! more white truffle! I'm so glad I ordered the salad b/c pasta would have put me over the edge aftering having 5 pieces of that gnocchi. I also ordered a side, the Mascarpone Polenta which was nice a creamy (you must eat it when its warm), although I was tempted to get the truffled mashed potatoes (yes, more truffle!!!)My friends ordered the Fettuccine alla Ligure ($17) fresh basil pesto, string beans, sliced potatoes and parmigiano reggiano and the Penne all' Arrabbiata ($15) Sliced garlic, chili flakes, marinara, fresh parsley and Parmigiano. Both of which were good, if I had to pick one I would get the Arrabiata, b/c I'm me, and I love spicy! :pUnfortunately we were so full we didn't order dessert. I'll definitely be back b/c the famous Romolo's canolli and spumoni factory supplies their desserts (I've heard). I'm dying to try b/c the Romolo's in San Mateo closes at like 6:30pm which is way to early for me to even remember by the time I want dessert.My favorite thing about this place: You smell truffle oil the entire time you're there b/c pretty much everyone and their mom orders the truffle gnocchi, so all the surrounding tables, and servers walking around will waft that deliciously tempting sent all through your meal.One thing that makes me sad: They have a bowl of what I thought was after dinner mints, and like .00000003 seconds after I put it in my mouth my friend screamed NO!, and it ended up being LICORICE mints!!! PATOOEY!!! GROSS!!!! Sidenote: I wish I went into the bathroom to see how clean it is, that's usually one of my 'things' that I have to do. Oh well, another excuse to go back!If I was rich and skinny I would come here everyday.
<review# 2100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2010,7/2/2010,263,388,4,6,4>Hands down, the best key lime pie I have EVER had. The dessert was an after-thought since I came in to Sam's dead set on finally trying a lobster roll; but once I bit into that piece of meringue-topped key lime goodness, I knew why this place was calling to me!I would go here just to get my key lime fix alone but let me tell you about my Maine lobster roll. It was a perfectly portioned roll. Just the right amount of chunks of lobster with clarified butter and small dices of celery incorporated into the mix. It was gloriously refreshing and filling. Our server was right - that's the way to have lobster. My meal came with chips and a side of slaw. The chips were the perfect accompaniment. Didn't eat the slaw. I'm not a Mayo gal but I hear it's pretty tasty.
<review# 2101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2012,4/19/2012,185,194,10,18,17>Picked my son up from taking the SAT today.  He was in better spirits than I expected and after a quick, fun lunch at Alhana's up the street, I asked if he'd like to try a cannoli.  As much more of a sweets eater than his mom, he jumped at the chance. Well Joey was our server, and he gave us a complete run down on the whole cannoli mystique.  He seems so proud of what his family does, I loved his enthusiasm.  For those of you, like us until today, who are homemade cannoli virgins, you pick the cannoli type first.  We picked the chocolate.  Then you pick the filling, either the traditional ricotta, which has some sweetness, and has been beaten to an incredibly creamy, yet not too aerated consistency, or ice cream, which is prefilled with their "chef's" choice ice cream and frozen.  If you pick the riccota, you can opt to have the ends dipped in either pistachios, dark chocolate chips or glazed cherries.My boy opted for the traditional version made with riccota, which I had thought he'd probably reject, not being a desserty cheese lover.  Just when you think you know what they'll do!  I think he liked the story.  He got it dipped in chocolate on one end and pistachios on the other.  I just had two, delicious bites. since I was too full from my falafel.I love this kind of old school, family owned specialty place.  They make one thing (well two; the ice cream is homemade and yummy!) and they've made it very well for a very long time.  I will be back!
<review# 2102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,4/18/2012,100,285,54,57,53>I hadn't ridden a motorcycle since the day (many moons ago) when I dumped my last bike over a cliff in Del Mar because the engine seized up.  Then two of my friends worked out this amazing double-team act (without ever meeting, talking, or even knowing each other) and managed to re-kindle my interest in riding.  I went helmet shopping yelp.com/biz/santa-clara, and then set out for the DMV yelp.com/biz/department- to get my Motorcycle Learners Permit.After the adrenaline rush of acing my permit test wore off, I started thinking (always dangerous; you could hear the wheels grinding and see the smoke pouring out of my ears) and talked myself out of going riding the next day. I decided that this time around, I was going to do things right and take an MSF (Motorcycle Safety Foundation) course, rather than simply picking my biking career up where I had left off back on the cliff in Del Mar - falling off cliffs Bad; safety and proper training Good!I consulted with Google and Yelp, and discovered there were several MSF outfits in the South Bay area.  They all charged the same fee for new riders over the age of 21 - $250 dollars.  The also were all pretty much structured the same way - three meetings of five hours each, with the first session done in a classroom at night, and the other two consisting of motorcycle instruction, drills, and testing on the weekend.  Given identical pricing, structure, and time commitments, I selected the school I was going to attend based on timing - NCMT had space available in their classes such that I could be done and ready to ride within a couple of weeks, so that's where I signed up.Their nearest location to me was in San Mateo; all three meetings are held at the College of San Mateo, with the classroom session on a Tuesday night, and the two motorcycle instruction sessions held in one of their parking lots the following weekend.I showed up that Tuesday night ready for action!  I didn't get any; the five hours of classroom work was about as much fun as you could have and still be so bored that you wanted to shove a pencil in your own ear to add spice to the evening...  While there's no doubt that the arcane rules and regulations that make up the California Motorcycle Code aren't exactly on par with the Kama Sutra in terms of grabbing the interest and attention of the target audience, NCMT could doubtless have structured this portion of the class in a more interesting way.  If I were reviewing this session by itself, I'd give it no more than 3 stars.The following Saturday morning, I was scheduled to report to parking lot 1 in The College of San Mateo yelp.com/biz_photos/3htF at the unGodly hour of 7:45am for first riding instruction session.  As if that weren't bad enough, that date happened to be the morning after the Yelp Santa Cruz Staycation Elite Event, so massive amounts of determination and caffeine were required to get my motor started.The motorcycles, all provided by NCMT, were waiting.  yelp.com/biz_photos/3htF One of them had my name on it.  yelp.com/biz_photos/3htF Literally!  OK, they spelled my name wrong (only one "N") and it was done with a sharpie on a plastic-covered index card that was taped to the headlight, but the effect couldn't have been better if it were embossed across the gas tank in flaming red letters - My adrenaline started pumping, and I was ready to Rock and Roll!The riding training over the next two days was totally outstanding!  It was just the right combination of instruction and drills, leading up to the riding exam in the last hour of the last day.  Our instructor, Matt, was a great teacher and an outstanding coach; he gave exceptional feedback that was always right on point, and helped us all to correct our mistakes and master the material.  Not surprisingly, I found it much easier to get my motor started on Sunday morning (one YEE in a weekend was enough for this growing boy!).  Everyone in my riding group passed, and I had the #2 highest score on the riding skills test in my class! More importantly though, both days of the riding training actually taught me enough techniques and skills that I feel confident about riding again.  I really wish I had learned this way the first time around, but I'm glad that I got it right the 2nd time :-) Considered as a whole, my experience at NCMT was five stars all the way, and I have no hesitation about recommending their course to anyone interested in basic motorcycle training.
<review# 2103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2011,4/17/2012,93,78,6,3,2>ummmmmm YES PLEASE! so glad they opened and are GOOD! i was missing my tutti frutti...but i am no longer as close to it and here it is! a place that is open 11 to 11! With tons of flavors ...toppings, etc etc etc.  LOVE!PARENTS----PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE...help your kids with the froyo..if i see one more kid trying to stick their finger in the machine because it's not coming out fast enough or licking their fingers and then touching the spoons, etc....i will punch someone!  :)
<review# 2104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,4/16/2012,227,292,5,7,7>Sam's is the perfect place to relax and get some good food while looking at the beautiful view of Half Moon Bay.  I've only ever sat outside in the bar area but to me that's the place to be.  The drinks are great and I love the clam chowder and calamari.  A bit ricey of course, its a seafood restaurant, but worth the trip. Place gets incredibly busy so best to make a reservation unless you go for the open seating outside by the bar.
<review# 2105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2011,4/15/2012,1533,1062,17,34,22>Finally...a good Korean place in the area!!  Bf & I were able to snatch up a table at 6 on Saturday night.  The staff was so friendly and took great care of us.  We shared: the tofu & veggie appetizer ($9), a big bottle of OB ($6) & the tofu soup & galbi combo ($19).  My favorites of the banchan were the jap chae & the bean sprouts..I'm always a sucker for bean sprouts!  For our tofu soup we chose the dumpling one.  I've never had Korean dumplings before but these were yummy!  Next time I'm going to get the soup a lot spicier.  There plenty of pieces of soft tofu in this soothing soup.  The tofu & veggie appetizer looked more like a stir fry entree, but was light and tasty nonetheless. The tofu was minced very finely.  Last but not least, the portion they gave for the gabli combo was generous.  The meat was perfectly grilled and marinated and succulent.  They also gave us a complimentary sampler of Leppert's ice cream: pistachio, leche, green tea, strawberry & lycee.  The pistachio was totally the winner.  It was a busy Saturday night, but service was still great.  Besides great service & tasty food, their prices are also fair and portions are pretty generous, this totally warrants a return when the Korean craving strikes again.  And next time for sure, I'm going to try that veggie pancake.  Now if only Soon's served flavored soju then I'd be there wayyy too often!
<review# 2106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,4/14/2012,265,124,2,4,4>How could I NOT write a review for my FAVORITE restaurant for so long?!*Note: I've taken about 8 of my friends here on separate occasions and within a week they were back on their own enjoying their delicious food. Non-Indian food eaters were converted.Food?It's a party in your mouth. No... it's a full on FESTIVAL in your mouth. My absolute favorite thing to order here is the butter chicken and the Gobi Manchurian (fried cauliflower). I could give up pork and beef and all other meat for the rest of my life--- and literally live off this. I've had other dishes and I've never been dissatisfied. The server a mix of northern and southern style-- which never really made sense to me until I tasted it and compared it to other places. Their herbs and seasonings hit the spot everytime. If you are a little sensitive to spiciness, you can control the levels of almost anything you order: Mild, Medium, Hot. Meat is always juicy, LOTS of sauce to dip your naan in, and the flavor that'll knock you right off your seat.Price?You can'y beat it! $7.99 lunch buffett... Then a dinner for 2 (maybe even 3 if you're not greedy): 1 Butter chicken. 1 Gobi Manchurian. 1 Plain Rice. 2 Regular Naan. = $15Service?Not first class but the gentlemen who serve here are sweet nonetheless. Sometimes you need to remind them of things like for more water-- but over all they're fun people to chat with.Restaurant?Hole in the wall. Nothing fancy at all! It's a room with tables and chairs. There isn't any "ambiance" so don't expect to get romantic here. It's located right next to BEEFY'S Tavern (a little local bar), on Grape Ave right off El Camino Real on Sunnyvale. Big yellow sign. I've always been so excited to come here I can't even remember what business is to the right of the restaurant.If you told me a year ago that an Indian Spot would be my fave place to dine... I'd giggle and scamper away.... Well, THERE WILL BE NO GIGGLING AND NO SCAMPERING THIS TIME.
<review# 2107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,4/13/2012,439,150,4,5,2>We got a large (battery-operated) clock about a year ago and a few months back the hands stopped turning. Jen pulled the birthday card and asked me to get it fixed it as a gift to her. I wasn't really looking forward to lugging the thing around or getting someone to come over to look at it, but then I realized that the clock face came off pretty easily. I looked on Yelp and found Clocksmith was pretty much right down the street from us (It doesn't get more local or niche than this).I walked in and two ladies took a look at the clock while I wandered around the store, mesmerized by all of the pendulums and overwhelmed by all of the ticking. They were able to replace the movement, and a few days later the clock was as good as new. And that's the story of how I didn't have to sleep on the couch on Jen's birthday.
<review# 2108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2012,4/12/2012,91,262,,10,6>This place is new to the neighborhood. It is owned locally by a very nice family. They took the place of a failed sandwich chain restaurant. The decor is very nice, using vibrant colors and very nice mural style paintings on the walls. The seating consists of free-standing tables with chairs. They have an open kitchen so you can see your food prepared, if you are inclined to do so. The benefit of the open kitchen is that you can see all of the fresh ingredients they are using in the preparation of your meal.I saw that they had fresh lamb and chicken on the rotisserie so I knew my meal would consist of one of those...It's just who I am :-). The employee's highly recommended the lamb. So I tried the lamb Shawarma Wrap with a side order of Hummus. I was given the choice of spicy or yogurt sauce. I went with the spice. The wrap was huge and awesome!(see pictures) It was extremely flavorful and very juicy. The Hummus gets an A++ for presentation (see pictures) and it was excellent! I devoured it! They even gave me extra bread for dipping.To my surprise, they let me try the awesome falafel! It came with a garlic aoli spread and a mild dipping sauce. It was truly excellent and very fresh.I met the owner Jamal and let him know how great his food was and that he had earned a loyal customer in me. He was a very nice guy. His family members/ employees were extremely nice and helpful. The prices are very reasonable for the quality of food they are serving.I will definitely be going back...often!This is a great locally owned business very worthy of supporting.I highly recommend checking out Albayk.
<review# 2109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2012,4/11/2012,99,328,3,3,5>I've been many times for drinks with a big group of people, but took my partner there for the first time.  I now hope to go back frequently:1) This is the ONLY place in all of California I have ever found Magic Hat #9, which is my favorite beer.  They have it in large bottles.2) The deviled eggs are really as good as everyone says.  How had I not tried them before?3) OMG Brisket slider.  We ended up having one as leftovers and used the meat in a dish at home because it was so incredible.I had the steak sandwhich, which was fine, but I wish I would have gotten the sliders.  We also ordered the sweet potato fries, which came out long after the rest of our food and didn't have any special dipping sauce (which usually comes at other places).
<review# 2110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2012,4/10/2012,58,236,5,21,9>I cracked my iPhone 4 screen last night (perhaps shattered is a better description) and needed to get it repaired ASAP (getting glass slivers in my finger was not the best way to use a touchscreen!) I found Mobile Kangaroo on Yelp and they were close by, had great reviews PLUS there was a $25 for $10 deal available. Perfect! I took my phone in, ate lunch down the street, came back and it was ready. Super fast and courteous!!I highly recommend them and will keep their number handy for the inevitable future breakage :)
<review# 2111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2011,6/4/2011,905,867,7,12,9>Situated right in downtown Half Moon Bay on Main Street, Pasta Moon proved to be a destination worth visiting.  Although the downtown area of small shops and handful of restaurants can be very quiet, the popular restaurants such as Pasta Moon always seem to be busy and much livelier than the outside ambiance would suggest.We stopped by for an early dinner and were seated promptly in the main dining area.  The restaurant is surprisingly large.  As you walk past the hallway to the bathrooms in the back, you notice several seating areas that house more patrons as well as the bar and piano area.  I'm not sure if they bought the area next door and expanded years back, but it's clear Pasta Moon is doing well and filling their place with guests.We perused the menu and it's clear the emphasis is on house made, fresh local ingredients.  Pastas are a clear winner, but the thin crust pizzas were also very popular among guests.  We decided to sample a little of both.House made sausage pizza - a nicely sized pizza with plentiful meat including the aforementioned sausage, prosciutto, and mushrooms.  The crust is crispy and thin and the ingredients were hearty.  I enjoyed this ($16)Papardelle - I'm a pasta noob, but enjoyed this flat pasta immensely.  The crimini mushrooms were fantastic and I loved the pieces of prosciutto as well.  The key though was how well the pasta was prepared and how fresh it tasted.  Amazing sauce sealed the deal.  The full entree, which we split, was the perfect size with a slice of pizza.  ($18)Service was solid and I'm still impressed this morning how fast the food came out.  It seemed like we ordered and it was all ready in 5-10 minutes.  We finished the meal with a dessert (a meyer lemon parfait that I found too tart and sweet), but I'm still thinking about the pasta.  We have leftovers of the pizza for today, but next time, I'm ordering two pasta orders.  Afterall, the restaurant is called Pasta Moon, not Pizza Moon, and I'm sticking with their specialty.  Next time, I wanna try their lasagna, which looked amazing.  Pasta Moon accepts credit cards, including American Express.
<review# 2112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,6/3/2011,819,198,11,12,14>Came here twice in 4 days!  lately im in that spicy food stage.  I dont get sick of it.  Especially in this weather?  Gloomy and rainy..perfect for spicy food!  First time was with family and the boyfriend, and since we both enjoyed the dinner so much, boyfriend and i came again a second time for lunch on  a weekday.  I'll based this review on lunch.We went ahead with the $23.99 family deal.  You pick 3 dishes from the specific section for the deal.  ( the deal is located at the very back page of the menu).  We ordered the fried onion pancake on the side.Fried onion pancake - This was definitely delicious and the portion was much bigger than we thought!  For $4.95, this is what you get : yelp.com/user_local_phot I;d say this portion was enough for a party of 4 as an appetizer.  It was crispy on the outside and moist on the inside.  The flavor was just right.  It was specified that it'll take 15 minutes for the order, and it did.  But the wait didnt bother us, because they seriously make it fresh!Now for the 3 dishes...Garlic Sauced eggplant - I thought this was a-okay.  It wasnt spicy at all in my opinion.  But for those of you who can't take spicy food, it would be a nice choice.  The sauce was flavorful.  The eggplant was on the tender side which was great.  Goes well with rice! yelp.com/user_local_photMa por tofu - Huge plate!  It looked so appetizing.  The tofu is definitely more spicy than the eggplant, but it was nothing we cant handle.  If you are not sure what ma por tofu is, it is basically grind up chucks of beef with tofu and spicy sauce.  It is perfect with rice.  yelp.com/user_local_photLastly, Spicy Mongolian Beef - This plate was a tad bit disappointing.  There were lots of spices in this plate and you can see the shells of all the chilis they put in, BUT the problem was the meat.  The meat was just too hard.  It was not tender and it made it hard to chew.  yelp.com/user_local_phot My jaws practically got tired from chewing the beef.  But the flavor of the sauce and all the chilis complimented well together.  If only the meat was more tender...Overall, I thought the ma por tofu and the fried onion pancake was definitely a must try.  Needless to say, we had leftovers.  We gave the ma por tofu to a friend who loves it, and he said it was awesome :)The decor of the restaurant is very classy.  You wouldn't expect a Szechuan restaurant to serve water in nice glasses and table napkin.  The atmosphere is quiet on a weekday afternoon and cozy on a weekend night.  Servers are polite and they are pretty good with refilling your glass with water.  The front section of the restaurant is a bar, and on friday nights, they have live performance with a gentlemen and his guitar.The bill was around $30 w/tip.  Now keep in mind that we had 3 dishes + an appetizer, and we had leftovers.I'll definitely be back for some more :)
<review# 2113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2010,6/2/2011,249,513,8,9,9>just the sangria alone is enough to keep a smile on my face. add some delicious small bites to the equation and you've got a recipe for a great night.the calamari is light and crispy while the roasted garlic mushrooms are rich and decadent. i love the shrimp in cajun cream sauce which i can sop up with a full baguette. the paella is full of seafood, and the lechon is fork tender!the ambiance and decor are inviting and welcoming. so is the service. 50% off sangria during happy hour. score!perfect downtown san mateo location with the parking garage across the street. what is not to love?an affair with sangria. i like it.
<review# 2114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2010,6/1/2011,76,236,4,6,5>Why am I reviewing a cup of coffee? Because it is so hard to get really good Espresso anywhere in the area. I hate it when they give me a drop of spit in a cup and, when I ask when the rest is coming they pompously tell me that's how it's served (if you really knew your stuff you wouldn't be spelling it with an x anyway).I've lived in Italy and I live in France. I know how Espresso is served and should taste. As yet, I've not found anything in the area to touch it. Until I dropped by Plantation today. Proper sized doppo with an authentic flavor and a friendly, unpretentious, if not a little barren, coffee shop.Everybody around me who knows how I get without my Espresso will be extremely grateful I have finally found somewhere to scratch that itch.
<review# 2115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2011,5/31/2011,1324,243,11,14,13>For all you men out there, I am a burger girl.  Love my burger but it has to be done right.  Anything less will not do. I am very very picky when it comes to my burger just like my men.  Having said that, a good burger shouldn't be hard to find.  It should be everywhere or at least a reaching distance.  I had to go to the Counter in Santana Row for my burger fix.  No more I say no more.  I have just found the love of my life right here in San Mateo.  Went here with my BF one afternoon when really we wanted Ramen but they were closed.  So our second choice was not other than Counter here in the peninsula.  Upon arrival, we were greeted sincerely and nicely and was asked where would we like to sit, "in the bar or a table?'I chose the table.  Much more intimate.  Both my man and my burger.  I order the 1/3 lb beef with pickles, lettuce, tomatos and jalapenos over a hot sauce on a ciabatta bun along with a coke.  My BF order the 1/3 beef with the fixins and a lemon.ade.  They came out just right and were one of the best burgers I have in recent memories.Their services were superb compared to the one in Santana Row.  It is a lot bigger and much more somber than that of Santana Row.  I definitely would come back here again.   They are that good!
<review# 2116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2011,5/29/2011,308,192,9,12,11>This place was awesome!! I lived in maine for a while, and since moving to the west coast, I haven't been able to find anything even remotely close to a true Mainer's lobster shack - and I'm pretty sure Old Port is going to be as close as you get! Now, be prepared to wait. Maybe it was because it was Valentines Day, I dunno, but the line wrapped outside the building and we waited in line for nearly an hour to have our order taken. Its pretty typical lobster-shack type stuff. Picnic table style dining, a roll of paper towels, a cannister with silverware.... but you won't find good old Maine-style wooden mallets to beat your lobster apart with, they provided shell crackers, hand wipes and a bib. LOL It is *expensive*. Like, really - too expensive. We got 1 appetizer, 1 beer, 1 soda, 1 lobster, and 1 platter-type thing and it was a 90 dollar tab. eeek! Regardless, the lobster was cooked perfectly, it was very sweet and seemed to be very fresh - and it was a good size too! All in all - it was a great place, but due to the pricing, I won't be going back on the regular.
<review# 2117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2011,5/28/2011,109,682,7,7,6>I love Buster Posey!The catcher, haven't tried the sandwich yet.I love Matt Cain!The pitcher and the sandwich.  Matt Cain is a solid sandwich, I've had it twice and it was just as exciting and delicious as the first time.I love Tony Soprano!The sandwich.  Whatever they do what they do to the salami is insane!!I love Ike of Ike's Place.And I've met him too...I don't know why I was so star struck.  Quite a handsome gentleman too.  "Love to you" too Ike!I love Ike's Place!Just not a fan of this location.  Not sure why Ike picks these selective, off the wall, locations that caters to a select group of individuals, i.e. Stanford and Redwood Shores.  I still love the sandwiches though...damn it for making me drive out of my way and burn some super unleaded gas.If you're unfamiliar with the campus, it can be a little hard to find, unless you happen to be one of the thousand geniuses that attend Stanford, then, it's simple as "Pi."Same rules apply as Redwood Shores, call in your order!  We went on a Sunday afternoon thinking it'd be quiet and no, it definitely wasn't.  However at this location, the price includes a bag of chips, which is why I was wondering the menu was like a buck more here.
<review# 2118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2011,5/27/2011,676,1464,8,10,9>Hubsters and I searched Yelp and I was having a huge hankering for knife cut noodles. At 8:15, we walked in the backdoor and the server sat us down. I looked around and given that I had prerused the menu and saw very authentic Shanghainese dishes, I was a little concerned at the lack of chopsticks at the place settings. I asked them if they had knife cut noodles when they brought me the menu and they smiled and told us that we were at the wrong Su Hong. Then they proceeded to give me directions and sent us off to their competitor.Totally classy and totally sweet of them considering we had sat down and they had already brought tea and water to us.When I have a hankering for more Americanized Chinese food, we're definitely hitting this place up just for how pleasantly they treated us and how much class they showed.
<review# 2119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2011,5/26/2011,128,513,4,7,8>Yum!  Quite possibly my new FAV Italian restaurant on the Peninsula. I came to Yelp for some direction as we rarely eat anywhere but Capellini when we're looking for Italian.  My dad agreed to try somewhere new, and we were both glad we did.1. They were able to accomodate us (only by walking in) around 5:30 at a table (booked the entire rest of the night) but were very friendly and timing intervals between courses was spot on.2. The carpaccio, osso bucco, and "ear lobe" shaped pasta w/cream asparagus, and ham...were ALL DELICIOUS!  We thoroughly enjoyed everything we had.3. ATMOSPHERE - cute decor, small cozy space ++ they have outdoor seating with nice plants and flowers surrounding the area with heat lamps.Great experience here. Glad we found this gem!
<review# 2120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2010,5/25/2011,637,255,11,13,15>There's a reason why Evvia doesn't take walk-ins on a Friday or Saturday night or most other nights of the week for that matter. The restaurant is known for its scrumptious Greek fare, its impeccable service, and its warm and cozy atmosphere. Oh, and let's not forget about the hot waiters, but I doubt that is the main reason for frequenting this place for the mainly middle-aged to older crowd. It's an icing on the cake for me though. Make reservations here if you want to enjoy a wonderful date night, celebrate an anniversary or if you just want to splurge a bit and enjoy a darn good meal. I've been lucky enough to sit my behind on one the six chairs at the small bar a few times, but don't come here expecting there's space there.Evvia's wait staff is extremely helpful in trying to find you the perfect glass of wine. They are happy to produce several different generous tasting pours and they know their wines, which is a huge plus for me. You'd expect the service to be a little slower judging from how busy the place is, but I've never been ignored, never had to wait long for my server to check on me and have always been treated like royalty. One of my favorite appetizers is the Xifias Souvlaki - grilled swordfish skewer with a garlic mash - you will stink afterwards, I guarantee you that, but you'll also be in heaven. Soak up the leftover sauce and olive oil with their fresh focaccia bread. The grilled lamb riblets with sage and the grilled lamb sausage are also divine. Last night I had their seasonal roasted butternut squash topped with olive oil, pumpkin seeds and pomegranate apple. It was amazing and I'm hoping to recreate it at home. The flavors here are simple, straight forward and always dead-on. I haven't had anything that I wouldn't order again. In regards to entrees, I'm generally either too stuffed from all their amazing starters to order one, or I go with the lamb shank. The meat literally melts on your tongue and all I want to do is lick the plate clean after I'm done. My boyfriend denies me that pleasure. I retaliate by ordering the Evvia Sundae for dessert. It comes topped with hot fudge, whipped cream and toasted hazelnuts. Guaranteed to send you into a food coma. Finish your meal with a nice Ouzo and a Greek coffee.Simply perfection.
<review# 2121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,2/10/2013,488,309,4,9,5>Wow, I had a delicious meal at Rangoon Ruby last week.  All of our dishes were rich and flavorful, spiced to perfection.  We shared the chicken lettuce wraps ($12), tea leaf salad ($12), and basil chili beef ($16).  The beef was to die for!  Truly amazing.  I've had quite a few other dishes in the past, and while some have been better than others, none have been disappointing.  And, although our total bill got expensive, each dish is quite reasonable at about $12-16/plate.  The jury's still out, but right now, I think this may be the best restaurant in its price range in downtown Palo Alto.
<review# 2122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,2/9/2013,364,464,6,8,8>This is hands down my favorite Thai restaurant in MV. Divya K and me love coming here since it's far from the hustle bustle of Castro yet located very close to Castro. Since I live on Villa, coming here is kinda like ignoring the Amarin, the bangkok spoon and other thai and asian restaurants closer home.However, none of them meet what Shana offers. It's a great spot for a quiet meal in ambiance thats carefully laid out and quite attractive for a Thai restaurant. I have to have Roti here everytime I am here, like their soups and love their curries. I had dessert here only once and I must say that even with the dessert, their consistency in quality, portion size and taste is maintained. Highly recommend their mango thai dessert. Go here if you want a quite meal in a nicer looking thai restaurant. at a very reasonable price Service is a tad slow though. Like others mentioned parking unlike around Castro is a no brainer with plenty of space at the back of the restaurant.
<review# 2123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,2/8/2013,100,160,6,7,7>Fish & Chips, awesome garlic cheese fries and a fun, no hassle English pub with a rockin juke box in posh Palo alto?F-YES!After a long day of work on a *Saturday*, the bf and I hit up Rose & Crown and got  beers and feasted on calamari, the chicken sandwich and shrimp n' chips.  Not bad for a chill English pub. The beer is a little on the pricey side-- $6-8 per beer.  The chicken sandwich was good (the chicken breast was pounded flat, seasoned and then grilled); the shrimp and chips were good (the batter on the shrimp wasn't heavy (so you could still tell that they were shrimp and not popcorn shrimp); and the calamri was surprisingly good!  It was lightly battered, they gave a good heaping of calamari and it didn't leave you feel greasy and regretful that you had just ordered a bunch of fried food.If you're ordering one of the seafood and chips, pay $1 more to get the garlic cheese fries, which are FTW).  Or just ordered it as an appetizer for ~$6.While the service isn't stellar, they still deliver the food with a smile.What we like the most about this pub is that this chill pub is in Palo Alto.  This place is very unassuming yet very popular with the locals.  In an area graced by Stanford and pretty shops like Apple, Lululemon and West Elm, this pub stands out as a great hangout where people can relax and unwind.  My only recommendation (as far as upgrades go) is to get more TVs!  I know it's not a sports bar, but I could see a bunch of people making this an option rather than the Old Pro.  :)You can play darts and dice and also play music ranging from that thong song to the macarena (such a throw back to our childhood).  The damage for the evening came out to be around $50.
<review# 2124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,2/7/2013,1187,969,13,21,17>* Review 500! * As with every 100th review I wanted this one to be something a little different, other than just another restaurant review. What better than this awesome Charity?Nine Lives Foundation is a no kill animal Shelter founded in 2003 that started as a veterinary hospital and later in December 2004 became the Shelter that it is today. The Shelter rescue's Cat's that would otherwise be euthanized. At present there are over 200 Cat's homed here, some of which are very sick, have missing limbs or were very poorly treated and abused. Yet despite this Nine Lives haven't given up on them and are treated so amazingly well here. Once Nine Lives rescue's the Cat's they have a home here for as long as they need it, sadly for some that will be for life.After last months Elite holiday party that Nine Lives brought Orsen and Mayflower to (side note: they have now left the shelter and have settled in with their new adoptive family. Yay!) I have been volunteering here and I am enjoying it so much! Seeing first hand how loved and cared for all of the Cat's are, the staff here really do an amazing job. Aside from caring for all of the Cat's here they also have a Spay / Neuter clinic and do low cost Vaccine's, Dentistry and Microchipping. If you're looking to adopt a Cat this really is the place to come, all of the Cat's are completely vetted as soon as they come to the shelter and are of all ages and breeds with wonderful personalities. Kittens under 6 months must be adopted in pairs. You could even foster should you want to see how you get on with one of the Cat's before committing to adoption.Feel inspired to help out? Check the website on how: ninelivesfoundation.org/
<review# 2125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,2/6/2013,198,547,3,3,5>It's that time of the year again.. time to send out gifts to your nieces and nephews that will (hopefully) get there before the big Dec. 25. Assuming the world doesn't explode on Dec. 21st that is..This place is small but the service is quick and the guy even small talked with me!! How impressive is that for a post office!There is NO free parking lot. Park in the back, turn LEFT when you go into the parking lot  from Jefferson as it's $0.50/hr on the right and $0.25/hr on the left. Get your quarter ready!!I waited in line for 5 mins. It moved so fast despite there being only 2 people servicing customers. I've had SO many horrible experiences at other post offices that I'm giving these guys 5 stars as I was in and out in record time.
<review# 2126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2012,2/5/2013,91,262,2,5,2>Sushi Plus is newly opened, maybe a month or two. I have been here a few times for dinner and have tried many of the things on their menu. The decor is themed in a traditional sushi restaurant and it has about 20 tables. My favorites are the Sushi Combo dinner and the Salmon Salad. The sushi combo dinner is a great sampler for a lot of the menu items and gives you great variety. The service is excellent and the staff and sushi chef's are very attentive and friendly.There aren't many sushi options in the area and Sushi Plus is a perfect addition for the area.
<review# 2127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2012,2/4/2013,152,386,3,4,5>An update is long overdue - especially since we visit often for weekend Taiwanese lunch.  Luckily, I always have my husband to order off the Taiwanese menu.  We almost always order our standard set of dishes:- Rice ball (4/5 stars) - always fresh with warm sticky soft rice, but the donut can sometimes be a little soggy- Stinky Tofu (3.5/5) - nice big blocks of tofu, very stinky, pretty tasty, could use more pickled veggies on the side- Dumplings (4/5) - Good sized plump dumplings with tasty pork filling, wrappers on the thicker side but cooked well- Soy milk, salty (4/5) - 2/5 for their sweet soy milk, something is just off on the flavoring- Ground pork rice (4/5) - a hearty portion of well flavored pork and hard-boiled eggPrices are reasonable (most items are $3-5) - and all of the above can be had for $25 for a hearty lunch for two!
<review# 2128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,2/3/2013,128,133,4,5,3>Who is open at 3pm on Christmas Eve AND apologetic for not being able to make a dtpa delivery for my last minute ass?  MILLS!Not only was my Mission Impossible completed, but I was not made to feel like the lagger that I was and my needs were properly accommodated, with a smile.  The price was fair.  The service was outstanding.  I will be returning to Mills for all my needs, hopefully I will think a little farther in advance next time.
<review# 2129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2012,2/2/2013,206,213,3,7,10>Living in San Mateo rocks!  A bunch of new food joints opening up and Honey Berry is one of them. I am already a fan of Honey Berry since I've  been to their store in the South Bay.  They are known for their roti buns which are baked fresh every 15 minutes.  3 flavors: plain, chocolate butter, and cream filling.  I personally like the chocolate butter.  The roti bun has a delicious coffee aftertaste and the coffee aroma it gives off smells like a good morning cup of joe.  They also have flavored shave ice and gelato.  I highly recommend their green tea gelato.  Best green tea I've ever had.  It had a strong tea taste so that's why I liked it.Another great establishment whenever I crave something sweet!
<review# 2130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2012,2/1/2013,378,248,9,9,10>I like this place and I'm glad I do, because there aren't many choices for decent Asian food around this area. It has become a reliable spot for me and my bf, our trips are now regularly prefaced by one of us asking the other, "so do you want Dong in your mouth?" The food is fresh, the place is clean, spacious, and really upscale looking compared to usual pho restaurants, BUT it's always freezing and drafty in the restaurant from the doors being left open...so don't come here to try to "warm up with a bowl of pho" on a cold night because that would really not work.Every dish is what you would expect it to be, in a good way. I always get the beef stew with the pho noodles, the broth is rich and yummy. The calamari and shaking beef are pretty delicious. The calamari are thick, meaty, flat squareish pieces, and a lot more meat than batter, which is hard to find these days. The Vietnamese Iced Coffee is quite good. Portions are on the small side though, and prices are above average.I also really like how if you ask for extra this and that (I always ask for a ton of lime wedges), no one glares at you for asking...they gladly bring it out. And they are very accommodating if you want to modify your order. Once our server - or the owner, I couldn't tell - was like "ANYTHING is possible!"The only thing that is truly disappointing, is that Sunday is the day we are most inspired to eat here...but they are CLOSED on Sundays!!
<review# 2131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2012,5/29/2012,896,808,24,24,34>Yelpism to live by:"If people ask for a restaurant recommendation, friend or stranger, it is one's responsibility to guide them toward a good restaurant."How far does one take this Yelpism? The following is a true story, caused by the aforementioned Yelpism.Three white clad figures, two women and a man, appeared as if out of thin air as I was packing groceries into my car in the Trader Joe's parking lot one late Friday afternoon. One of the peaceful looking trio asked if the nearby grill was any good. Little did they know they were asking an obsessive Yelper who had a mental catalogue of restaurants in our area. The three were Caucasian siblings visiting from out of state and attending an ayurvedic convention at the San Mateo Marriott. I tend to give restaurants the benefit of the doubt, but the grill the asked about earned a rare 2 stars from me, and deservedly so. I couldn't in good conscience allow them to go there. I scanned 360 degrees. There weren't any interesting restaurants within close walking distance outside their hotel, but they were just a cab ride away from a pleasantly memorable meal. What a shame to visit the Bay Area and eat crummy food.I asked if they were vegetarian. One was, two weren't. "Do you like Indian food?" I had to ask, based on their profession and garb. Yes all around. I decided these strangers looked harmless enough and offered them a ride to Bombay Garden, one of the better Indian restaurants in our area. Saffron Indian Bistro and some of my other favorites in San Carlos would be a more expensive cab ride away. There would be plenty for the vegetarian and meat-eaters alike. Bombay Garden's naan is fresh, hot, fluffy, and plentiful. The service is prompt, and they would likely really enjoy the variety of delicious offerings on the menu. I've eaten more from the lunch buffet than dinner menu, but I figured they would be happy here. A cab ride home would be well worth it.They must've decided I looked harmless enough, because they crammed around my car seat and other junk and caught a ride with me out of the restaurant wasteland to Bombay Garden. It felt like it was meant to be. During the short car ride to downtown San Mateo, I told them that my son was recently diagnosed with fluid in his ears, and as ayurvedic healers, did they have any suggestions? My son's doctor recommended ear tubes, but during that short car ride, they told me there were other options to relieve ear fluid without surgery.I knew where they were staying and one woman gave me her card. I tracked one of them down the next day at the ayurvedic faire at the Marriott. When I spoke with the sisters, they reported that they LOVED Bombay Garden. They were grateful for my ride and recommendation and gifted me a couple of ayurvedic remedies to try on my son. I eventually found a non-surgical way to relieve my son's ear fluid without tubes, and my conversation with these kind strangers happened at a time when I needed it most. It gave me hope and inspired me to keep looking for a solution. Good food brings people together, and that's what Bombay Garden has done for me in this unusual way.
<review# 2132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2012,5/28/2012,149,582,1,8,5>Wow.  If this place had been called a "restaurant" I might have written a review saying "hey this would have been an incredible value but the wines were kind of pricey and of varying quality."  Instead they call it a wine bar.  So I'll take the bait: "For a wine bar, this place offered an incredible dining value with its delicious small plates, served with a massive wine selection suitable for experts."  About that:- Foie Gras!  Get it while it's still legal. (Interestingly, on the day I went they offered on their paper menu but was not listed online... almost like they're avoiding protesters.)  It's a seared filet here, not that terrine cr@p you can find elsewhere.  A small portion for $12 will give a delicious taste... so get two.- Steak Tartare: I've had this dish perhaps a dozen or two times in my  entire life and I might go out on a limb here and say this was the best one I've ever had: served with egg and some "just salty enough" shredded cheese plus a couple herbs, it's as light and miraculous as this dish was designed to be.  And for $10??? Amazing.  I mean, I want to go there every day just to get this.- Cheese plate.  They offer cheeses you can get in a grocery store, but they present them nicely and with perfectly matched accompanying jams.  As always, Saint Andre FTW.- Oh right, we got wine.  Got the Spanish flight and the dessert flight.  Maybe I'm not as much of a wine person as I used to be... both seemed to present odd siblings, with one of the wines in each group way sharper than the others, and only one in each group really shining.  Perhaps it's because I don't know what the hell I'm doing with pairings.  In any event, the server was super knowledgeable about the wines, and I should ask him next time.In sum, go hit this place for miraculously tasty French dishes, avoid the flights unless you know what you're doing, and enjoy the chill vibe with those vintage oversized filament light bulbs.  I'm a sucker for those.
<review# 2133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2011,5/27/2012,145,327,6,6,7>If you're a part-time foodie and full-time fatty like me, you'll probably want to hit up Off the Grid.I'd never been to the San Mateo location though I had heard about it before. I think it's great that these trucks gather in a space set up just for food-goers. It's a nice community event that draws people out of the house. I also feel kinda special knowing that this is the only Off the Grid event happening south of SF, Berkeley or Oakland.I had the korrito from Seoul on Wheels, apparently THE original Korean food truck. I got a massive burrito with bulgogi (my first and only choice). It was delicious and well-made: tightly wrapped, nothing fell out, and easy to eat when you don't have a table to rest your elbows on (first world problem, I know).The woman who took my order was sweet and friendly. My friend went to the Curry Up truck to get an Indian burrito and we split. I personally think it was too much food but it's good to know that you get a lot for what you pay for. They also had live entertainment coming from two guys, one on an upright piano and the other on the drums. Makes for a lively, fun environment while you try to compress your burrito into your belly. The only drawback was because this all takes place in the San Mateo Caltrain station lot, the trains are deafeningly loud each time the roll through.Other than that, fun alternative to get dinner if you're in the area. I would NOT go in late November if you can't deal with cold weather -- my hands were so cold I felt like they were going to fall off! But check it out anyway!
<review# 2134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2012,5/26/2012,150,21,6,8,6>3.8 stars totalanother sister opens for the family of santa ramen and ramen dojo. funny thing is, ramen parlor is literally half a block from ramen dojo. if you haven't tried either, i would suggest skipping santa ramen and head to ramen parlor first, then try ramen dojo.parlor isn't as crowded as dojo, have their own parking lot (but street parking isn't all that difficult) and have a slightly different menu than dojo. parlor's speciality and what differentiates from the sister dojo would be their lobster-infused oil in their soup base. i was full from a late lunch so i actually shared the bowl. my niece picked the miso flavored (i would've chose the tonkatsu flavor) but i wanted to try it too, so it worked out fine.  i'm not sure if i was anal about the soup or if the noodles just sucked life out of the soup, but i found that it wasn't "soupy" as much as i would like it. when i scooped out the noodles to another bowl to share, i found myself digging into the big soup bowl trying to get the soup out and not taking more than i should and leaving my niece with just noodles. (ha!)  but when i put that first splash of noodles into my mouth, it literally just shut me up. yummy. melted in my mouth just like dojo. then i tried the soup. not bad. but i didn't really taste the lobster oil. maybe i didn't dig deep into in the bottom of the bowl to get the mix of the soup. overall, parlor is worth a try and i would definitely go back. a) private lot right in front (i'm lazy) b) don't have to wait 1.5 hours to get in and c) noodles are up to par with the sister dojo. BUT, if i had to choose between the 3 sisters, RAMEN DOJO wins.
<review# 2135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2012,5/25/2012,181,203,,6,3>For a spa place in Burlingame, this is about as good as it gets for a girl with my budget. The wonderful ladies were friendly and pleasant.The colors were fantastic!!!! They have Shelac and Gelish- totally doing that next time. They also have OPI, SpaRitual, Chanel and other great lines.The prices are AWESOME!! Spa pedicure with hot stone massage, exfoliating scrub and the works for only $25. Manicure w/o hot stone, but still fantastic for $15.I'll report back on how long the polish lasts, but as a self-proclaimed "nail expert" I know that they took the time to make sure that it was done right, with no scratches, cuts or polish on my skin!
<review# 2136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2012,5/24/2012,227,377,5,8,4>I have been around this area for so long and never did I know there existed a small Persian market tucked away on the other side of Castro St. that sold freshly charbroiled kabobs. I came here for a snack with a friend who was dying to introduce this place to me after a long 7 hour car ride from LA. You can apparently call to order and then go pick up at the side window after paying inside at the register. There's also a small seating area outside if you want to enjoy it off the grill. This place rocks. It's super convenient, comes freshly made, and is one of the most hidden gems of Mountain View I have seen so far. My buddy ordered us one chicken kabob skewer, one Koobideh (beef + lamb) skewer, tomato, and onion. The chicken is flavored just right and incredibly juicy. Also, lavash bread is amazing. Please do yourself a favor and check out this place. (Credit to Brian)
<review# 2137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2011,5/23/2012,56,302,5,10,6>Charming, small garden that takes up a block in old Palo Alto.  I've been to a beautiful wedding here, and recently attended their community day, which was lovely.  For the community day, they had many different activities for children of all ages - decorating crowns to look like insects, digging for worms, creating a flower arrangement and making little clip bugs.  They also had some emergency vehicles available for perusal - a police motorcycle and car.  Huge fun!Of course there are lots of flowers, pretty trees, a few small fountains and a historic house.  If you're looking for something grand, this isn't it.  Just a small, neighborhood garden to enjoy.  But sometimes, that's enough.
<review# 2138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2012,5/22/2012,210,226,2,6,4>cheap, friendly service, delish and conveniently located close to me .this place is awesome.  we bought 1 burrito and they allowed us to customize it. to be clear, they knew we were sharing it. also, when i say customize, i mean do a half and half burrito. AMAZING!!!  To make it better, they have this amazing beef cheek taco that is very tasty. i highly recommend visiting this place.  i mean it when i say these guys are awesome.  also?  their homemade corn tortillas are just glorious.
<review# 2139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2012,5/21/2012,47,93,4,6,5>Well Well... Where to begin with this one...I think I and my friends are solely responsible for placing this place on the map.I was here when they first opened and I am still  here.  I knew they were going to do big things after eating here.  From the days when there were just 10 people in here for lunch to now where there is a line to get in I have been there.There really was no Vietnamese restaurant in this area for the longest time.  And the one's that did exist were terrible.  Like Pho Hoa.  For myself Vietnamese food really hits the heart.  It reminds me of being in D.C as a child and eating lemongrass beef with my mom.  It reminds me of my High school days eating A LOT of home cooked meals at my friends and families.  It reminds me of traveling to Vietnam and trying the all the different kinds of traditional food there.I do have a soft spot for Vietnamese food, but I also think their food is unlike any other.  The sweet, spicy, sour, saltyness of the food hits all the senses.  And I think Pho Vi Hoa does a very good job at keeping their dishes fresh and traditional.  I have been to many Vietnamese restaurants.  This is definitely the best of the area.@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@You can't go wrong with:P-03 (Tai on the side), but really any of their Pho is greatC-01 (w/egg on top)B-04 (w/egg roll)Papaya SaladSpring RollsI could spell it all out, but just check the menu ;)@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@Enjoy~!
<review# 2140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2011,5/20/2012,42,100,3,3,4>****Best Cheesecake****I've opened pandora's box....  these little cakes are insanely addictive.  I stumbled upon the AntiCupcake Co. almost two years ago when I was searching for cupcakes for a birthday party I was attending.  Ever since, I have been following the blog and looking for opportunities to try her cheesecakes.  Somehow, the planets never aligned and after some time I lost track of the company.  Imagine my surprise when I ventured into Zest Bakery in San Carlos and saw that they carried the cheesecakes!  I drooled over them for a couple of weeks and today I finally broke down and bought one.  They're even more delicious than I had expected!!  Not too sweet, light and fluffy and velvety smooth.  Plus, the added bonus for me (having recently been encouraged to switch to a gluten-free diet) is that they are gluten free.  I tried the vanilla bean today but I am anxious to try some of her other flavors.  The gorgonzola/fig looks especially enticing.
<review# 2141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,8/11/2013,711,1140,18,27,23>Maybe it's because I didn't have high expectations but the sandwiches out of this hole in the wall old school deli are legit. Menu - (yelp.com/biz_photos/the-)Came for lunch, it wasn't busy, and once I bit into their pulled pork sandwich knowing the price I paid, I was surprised there wasn't a line out the door. *PULLED PORK SANDWICH - $8Starts off with a fresh baked bread roll, I went with the soft french but they also have dutch crunch, sourdough, and ciabatta. They were really generous with the pork! Succulent and tender, you can really taste the smoke. They finish it off with their house slaw for crunch and their sweet Carolina bbq sauce for some zing. Mmmmmm meaty man food, so good! Best pulled pork sandwich I've had in a long time. I kept on sniffing my hands throughout the day since I love the smell of bbq. (yelp.com/biz_photos/the-)*MOJO SANDWICH - $8 This one was really good too! Kinda like a Cuban sandwich kicked up a notch with their spicy house mojo sauce. Quality ingredients with solid value.  (yelp.com/biz_photos/the-)* I came back later in the week and had their Italian chicken ($8). Good but the other pulled pork and mojo are my favorite.  (yelp.com/biz_photos/the-)I want to try their fresh ravioli ($8) next. Better than Mr Pickles, Darby Dans, and Bonne Sante but it's still Lil Lucca for cold sandwiches! I'd definitely come back. Gotta love a place that roasts and bbq's the meat for their sandwiches on site and daily.
<review# 2142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,8/10/2013,77,335,1,4,2>I have to say that I really loved the macarons at Chantal Guillon Macarons. It reminded me of being in Paris and having them for dessert. I tried the Green Tea, Espresso Coffee, Dark Chocolate and Red Velvet. The Red Velvet was my absolute favorite. it reminded me of eating a cupcake. The staff was very nice and even spoke with me in French because I said "Bonjour" as I walked in. It was sweet that they humored me and my terrible accent. I would highly recommend stopping in and having a delicious treat. In addition to having macarons, they have "Macarons glacés," teas and "Bacetti". "Macarons glacés" are macarons filled with ice cream. They also have "Bacetti" which is Gelato dipped in chocolate. They are bite size for convenience. I'm really looking forward to next visit.
<review# 2143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2013,8/9/2013,24,72,3,8,4>Went here tonight on a whim (although my husband dutifully checked the yelp reviews ahead of time), and were very pleased!He got the Thai wrap, which was appropriately spicy, and I had the Bombay chicken, which was delicious. And that's saying something, as we have just returned from India, where the food is amazing, so to have an Indian-style wrap here that was comparably delicious was very impressive. What's nice as well is that they do a small size of any of the wraps. Good for smaller people with smaller appetites, and keeps me from wasting food, which makes me happy.They also have just about every style of drink choice under the sun, from bottled sodas to fountain drinks to gatorade to sparkling waters to vitamin water to beer. An embarrassment of riches.We'll be back!
<review# 2144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,8/8/2013,100,285,97,100,98>My passion for pizza and fine wine is not unknown to my friends, but Yelp has helped me cultivate a number of my other interests, many of which are legal - at least in California...  Leaving aside for the moment most of these interests (especially those I'd never confess to in a public forum), my desire to step outside my personal comfort zone and try new things has been greatly enhanced by my experiences with Yelp and my friends who are Yelpers.  There was once a time when I hated trying new foods and cuisines, but now I say (in the words of a man who definitively demonstrated you don't need an IQ larger than your shoe size to be the Leader of the Free World) "Bring it on!"A while back, my hiking protégée convinced me to check out Xahn in Mountain View with him.  It was my first experience with Vietnamese cuisine, and decidedly NOT worth a visit; in a nutshell, I found Xahn overrated, over-priced and WAY over-hyped.  Undaunted, I came to Tamarine for another taste of Vietnamese cuisine, and was decided impressed!  It was a Saturday night, and the place was packed. yelp.com/biz_photos/tama Arriving just in time for our 7pm reservation, we were seated promptly.  I LOVE both the ambiance and the lighting here - trendy, beautiful, crowded, and modern, it's dark where it should be dark (in the bar!) and the restaurant area is lit well enough that you can actually see what you're eating.The service was exceptional all throughout our meal, and everything we ate was fabulous!  I'm going to have to come back and try many more dishes, but these are the ones I sampled that night:- Tamarine's Anti-oxidant Mojito yelp.com/biz_photos/tama Ten cane rum, fresh raspberry & blackberry, strawberry puree, fresh lime, and club soda - A cocktail too darn healthy to taste so sinfully good!- Banh Mi Roti yelp.com/biz_photos/tama Pan-fried wheat bread served with a red panang curry sauce - the roti itself was good, but not great; a touch greasier than I would have liked.  However, the curry sauce it comes with is TASTY!- Salt & Pepper Calamari - crisp calamari wok-tossed with garlic & spring onions; served with a cilantro emulsion yelp.com/biz_photos/tama These Bad Boys are expertly fried larger pieces of squid without too much batter.  The cilantro emulsion complemented the calamari perfectly; a really nice balance of flavors.- Shrimp Spring Rolls - fresh rice paper filled with shrimp, pork, bean sprouts & mint; served with a hoisin-chili sauce yelp.com/biz_photos/tama Good, but nothing exceptional; I'd order something more uniquely Vietnamese next time.- Garlic Fried Rice - long grain jasmine rice wok fired with butter & garlic yelp.com/biz_photos/tama A large portion of piping hot, perfectly seasoned garlicky goodness!  Big enough for two, this stuff is scrumptious, and could easily pinch-hit as a quick meal for this unrepentant Carboholic :-)- Shaking Beef - cubed beef tenderloin sautéed with soy, garlic & onions; served with a watercress & mizuna salad yelp.com/biz_photos/tama Tender and full of flavor, the fairly large cubes of beef were succulent and delicious.  Definitely deserving of "let's save a piece to be the last thing I'll put in my mouth at dinner tonight" status...It's no surprise that Tamarine has almost a thousand reviews and a four star average.  However, my experience here - exceptional ambiance, great service, and outstanding cuisine - unquestionably rates five stars.I'll be back!
<review# 2145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2013,8/7/2013,163,110,3,8,4>Found my new dessert spot!My friends and I shared the Green Tea Honey Bread. It was pretty disappointing. There just wasn't enough of each topping and the bread was dry and overbaked. It could've used a lot more honey, an extra scoop of ice cream, and more red beans to compensate for its dryness. The combination of the red beans and ice cream was really good though! And I liked how there were kiwis in it. It's big enough to share with 3-4 people. And keep in mind that it does take a while to make, so expect it to wait about 20 minutes.My friend ordered the Roti Bun with yogurt filling since the chocolate one ran out. It was delicious! Wasn't as sweet as I thought it'd be. It tastes really similar to Mexican sweet buns. I've ordered the chocolate one before. You can't go wrong with either! I did notice that my chocolate bun had a lot less filling than my friend's though. But you can't complain about a bun that arrives piping hot out of the oven.This is my second time getting their Green Tea Milk Tea and I love it more than ever! The first time, I finished the entire cup before I got to my car. I like how they kept Teaway's self serve condiments bar. Their teas here taste a bit different. They're all creamier. For my drink, it tasted really milky and sorta frothy. There was such a light tea flavor that I think it tastes more like a smoothie. I've had the green tea latte too, which I like even better. They take a while to make the drinks but you can tell they take their time using precise measurements. Overall I'd say I prefer it over Tpumps. Yea, it's pricier, but its taste is more consistent.The service is really nice! We went on a weekday thinking it closed at 11...but turns out they closed at 10. We were still ho humming about at 10:45. Oops! And the entire time the worker was shutting things down but simply reassuring us that they weren't closing and not to feel rushed. Just turning machines off and etc. so people won't come in thinking they can order. Overall, I'm definitely coming back to try those ice-volcano-looking-things!
<review# 2146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,8/6/2013,37,318,3,3,5>4.5 stars!Food was spectacular, service was warm & friendly.Wish we had gotten a seat outside; inside was quite loud and felt a bit rushed with servers running around - so it wasn't very relaxing.  On the plus side, we were told a 30-45 minute wait but were seated within 15 minutes.I will definitely be back for the food - and will wait for a table outside.Street parking is a bit of a pain - park in the garage around the corner and hoof it over to the restaurant.
<review# 2147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,8/5/2013,65,112,9,11,6>This place is so amaze, I can't even write a decent review. Also, I don't want people to actually visit this place because that's less sand and space for me (granted this beach is huge and probably won't ever be "crowded"). Uninhabited, clean, and peaceful, I feel like I'm in a real-life Valtrex commercial. No joke.It's chilly sometimes so just..bring a jacket or wine or whatever things keep you warm (flask? im not judging). Also, TAKE THE WOODEN STAIRS FROM THE NEARBY RESTAURANT, you do not need to haul ass down some rugged steps of doom to get to the beach. Trust me.
<review# 2148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,8/4/2013,637,255,18,20,19>I absolutely love the salads and soups here! Haven't had their sandwiches yet so I can't speak for those, but they sure do look good. My go-to to-go (that was weird to type) order is their steak salad and a cup of one of their fresh daily soups. The steak salad is massive for $8.95 and comes with mixed greens, cold sliced medium-rare grilled steak (lots of yummy steak, they are certainly not stingy with protein here), cocktail tomatoes, red onions, olives, and artichoke hearts. The staff is happy to swap out ingredients though if you don't like something. Standard dressing for this salad is a balsamic vinaigrette, which is perfectly balanced in acidity and flavor. There are about 6 specialty salads in total, but you can also construct your own from a large list of ingredients. I always try to just order the salad, but one of their soup list gets me each time. The tomato basil soup is creamy, yet you still get that nice tomato flavor coming through. Today I tried the crab bisque for the first time and it was delicious. Flaky chunks of crab amid a good tomato and veggie based thick broth. There are several tables inside and they also provide seating outside on the courtyard patio when the weather is nice. Wednesdays and Fridays they have a big BBQ set up outside and offer fresh grilled items such as marinated tri-tip sandwiches, cheeseburgers, polish sausage hot dogs, and ahi tuna burgers. Next time I will absolutely try one of their BBQ items and eat outside rather than take food to go. This place gets packed for lunch and I usually try to either come right after they open or I wait until after 1pm. That way there's no line and the staff isn't as rushed.
<review# 2149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,8/3/2013,73,196,,5,10>Hands down, the BEST place to get an oil change. The ahjussi manager there is always super nice and the workers there are extremely helpful too. They always come over to us and explain what oil they're putting in my car, etc. (Sorry, don't understand car stuff much!) They are SUPER fast -- definitely always under 9 minutes. The boyfriend says a big plus about them is that they make sure to let you know what kind of oil they're using or what they're doing to your car, unlike other (possibly shady) places. There really is not better place to change your oil.I used to always go to Honda, since they have the "buy 3 get 1 free" deal, but ever since I used up those deals, I've been going here (and I live in Fremont!) It's so worth it because they come out to be about the same price or cheaper.
<review# 2150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,8/2/2013,98,385,3,4,4>I appreciate how so many of their dishes have the various ingredients mixed fresh together right before our eyes at the table by servers, who point out what each ingredient is before stirring it all up. Their signature dish to witness this process is Lap Pat Dok, a delicious tea leaf salad consisting of at least ten items, all about to get swirled about in front of you!Also tried their Rangoon Fish, Shan Noodles, and Naked Eggplant dishes, all excellent, the last of which surprised me because I'm not a vegetarian and it still had great flavors. Exceeded my expectations.The place is always packed, but there's a waiting list you can put your name and phone number on, so you can walk about nearby stores downtown until they call you up. It's definitely worth stopping by. Be adventurous -- how many other Burmese restaurants have you heard about locally?Out of more than 1000 reviews, mine is doubtfully going to matter much if at all. But, when the overall rating is still at least 4 stars, it has to mean my vote is part of the majority! Still, do make sure you get at least one dish mixed right in front of you -- that is what makes the experience worth all 5 stars.
<review# 2151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,10/2/2013,98,425,3,4,3>This is my first visit to Dr. Chin.  With all first visits to the doc, its always a nervous experience since you don't know how well the doctor treats you and if he lives up to your expectations.  Dr. Chin is very friendly, professional, and performed a thorough eye exam.  I have been to optometrists who are really bad, after 15 yrs of optometrists you can tell the good ones from the bad ones based on how they perform your eye exam.  Every optometry has pretty standard eye exam routines, how hard can it be right?  For some reason certain doctors do better than others examining their patients.Dr. Chin is very professional, he gets straight down to business when you get into his office.  He performed one of the most thorough eye exams I have had in awhile.  He then described my situation and gave me my results along with his opinions.  He listened and answered all of my questions.  And last, he doesn't try to upsell his patients by selling any contacts, glasses, etc.Woohoo, I will be back next year for my annual checkup!
<review# 2152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,10/1/2013,79,131,1,11,4>I have been going to this carwash for more than a decade and decided today to write a review for this place since it has been long overdue. When I came across their profile, I was actually amazed and astounded by how low the average rating is for this place. In fact, this place is one of the few places thus far that I have seen on Yelp where I actually thought there must be a mistake so I decided to look through the reviews and see what was up.After looking at all of the negative reviews, I feel that there are some of them where the customer genuinely had an unfortunate experience but for some of them, I couldn't help but feel that a lot of these people brought on some of these problems themselves. Before I come across as a jerk, let me explain:1)Theft of Property: Now I don't know if it is just me, but I make sure that my car is COMPLETELY EMPTY when I take it to a car wash. The employees are going to be going inside the car to vacuum the carpets and wash the windows. Irregardless, why leave clutter in the car at all when you have it washed; don't you want it to look spotless on the outside AND inside after they are finished? And why is the world would you leave valuables in a car like jewelry and a GPS? Yes there is no excuse for theft but at the same time, stupidity does not get rewarded in my book either.2) Shoddy Wash Job: Now again, I don't know if it is just me, but less than $17 for a car wash, vacuum, and a light wax is an amazing deal to me. (You can ALWAYS use a coupon. They have a stack of them the other side of the cash register, so you can grab one and pay.) We have an auto detail at my work that is supposedly discounted and it is still $35. I really don't expect Lozano's to make my car look like how it did when I bought it off the lot when I'm paying them such a low amount. In addition, EVERY TIME that I bring my van here, they spend an extra 20 minutes hand cleaning because the automated wash does not clean it properly. I really don't know what some of these customers expect for $17.3) Damage: Again, maybe it's just my luck but they have never damaged my vehicle whenever I have brought it here. However, this topic is a little harder in terms of putting some blame on the customer so I will say that maybe I am just fortunate whenever I come here.I realize that to each, their own, I understand, but I feel like blame should be given where blame is due and that Lozano's should not take all the blame by some of these reviewers. Highly recommend this place if spending an afternoon washing your car doesn't seem that fun.
<review# 2153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2013,9/30/2013,1533,1062,14,17,16>Came to Mana for Father's Day dinner (totally my dad's choice).  I think we may have ordered one or two things that weren't listed on the menu, as my dad & his gf frequents this place a lot.  We ordered and had plenty of leftovers of: Lomi soup, the eggplant & pork omelet (2 orders), lechon kawali, crispy pata, bbq chicken & 2 halo halos for them.  The Lomi soup was like an egg white soup with veggies, egg noodles, and chicken.  I liked this light soup and was happy that this was ordered as I'm not a big fan of SInigang.  I'm not too much of a fan of eggplant, but the eggplant & pork omelet was very good, filled with both ingredients, fluffy and served alongside with banana ketchup.  Both the skin and the meat on the lechon kawali (pork belly) & crispy pata (pork hock) were crunchy & moist.  I've found that the skin on lechon at many places is really hard, but that's not the case here.  We could have obviously done with just ordering one of the pork dishes; I'd say go for the pata!  The bbq chicken was moist and had lots of flavor as well, served on skewers.  For all the food we ordered after tax and tip, it came out to around $100.  Not bad.  Mana does give plenty of food at a great price.  Most Filipino restaurants charge more for many of the dishes on their menu.  Everyone else was fine later that night, but I got a little heartburn and felt a little sick from all the grease.  Blame *someone* for ordering two things of fried pork...anywhoo..I'd give Mana a 4.  Nice to see a good Filipino restaurant in the area, as opposed to having to drive up to South San Francisco/Daly City.
<review# 2154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,9/29/2013,93,917,3,6,7>From the founders of Curry Up Now...but completely unlike Curry Up Now (in a good way). I loved Dosa Republic!! I ordered the rava masala dosa, my standard first-time comparison dish. It held up to the Saravana Bhavan version, which says a lot. We also ordered samosas and vada. The masala in the samosas was quite intense and flavorful, but skip the vadas - a bit dry and chunky, these weren't a very good representation of the real thing.P.S. Check in on Yelp for a free pineapple rasam dish. It was the most unique version of rasam I've ever had - so, so good!
<review# 2155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,9/28/2013,169,100,5,7,8>Nearly 160 years after it first opened for business, the Alpine Inn is a place where some customers still arrive on horseback.The saloon and its sizable outdoor beer garden are populated by Silicon Valley workers out for a burger and beer at lunch under the trees. After work, the parking lot fills with expensive sports cars and luxury vehicles. On weekends, bicyclists, motorcyclists and occasionally horse riders pull off the road or trail to enjoy the pleasures of the Alpine Inn.The menu is basic -- and, sous chef warned, doesn't exactly offer the best of food.The inside is filled with long benches and tables whose every inch is filled with deeply etched names.The cheeseburgers are the known item to get here.  Place your food orders with the adorable aging lady behind the counter, Molly.  She's been there for an eternity serving food with a big smile.  Head to the bar next to order a drink to knock back from Jerri who is equally as pleasant.The burger is a bit different as it is served soft long rolls that are buttered and toasted on the griddle, topped with a rectangular patty topped with melted cheese. I am told that combination of the soft flavorful bun with crunchy lettuce and very nicely grilled patty oozing cheese dripping off its sides hits the spot.I often opt for the cold tuna or egg salad sandwich and both are great while enjoying the sun and sometime live musician in the beer garden.  Along with a beer, my meal is also usually accompanied by crispy crinkle-cut fries, served super hot.This place boast Silicon Vally history as well.  On August 27, 1976 the first electronic message (email) was sent from SRI International to ARPANET from the Alpine Inn marking the beginning of the Internet Age.
<review# 2156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,9/27/2013,232,384,,4,3>This review is strictly for the hotel stay and not the restaurant or lounge.  The service here is superb.  We have stayed here a few times and each time they definitely give you the VIP treatment.  We had stayed in the first level room with the fire pit (try to request that if you can) with a half golf course/ half ocean view.  It was amazing.  They leave a smore kit for you in the room too!  It was so nice unwinding there with the hubs. I swear they even know my name when I don't expect them to.  Their room service also arrives EXACTLY on the DOT the time you request it.  Not a minute later not a minute earlier.  I've requested room service a few times and it has not failed. Love being here to just unwind even if you aren't staying here.  We were here for an event and we just sat by the fire pits on their second floor sipping on mimosas overlooking the ocean.  It is as serene as it gets.  As the sun sets, the bag piper will come out!  Been here for an event as well and the food is really good.  Can't wait to be back!
<review# 2157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2013,9/26/2013,69,262,4,11,5>Tucked away in Portola Valley (off Highway 280). This Lobster Shack is friendly, sunny, and quiet. Don't need to drive to Half Moon Bay for a taste of the sea, just around the corner from Stanford. Big seafood menu and reasonable pricing for fresh lobster. Or if you like, a good selection of seafood or bbq on the menu too.* The Naked Lobster Roll with Salad and Coleslaw. $18.75 (4 of 5) Lobster meat on a roll served with sides of mayo & drawn butter. Lobster meat is fresh and stored in very cold area. It is extra sweet because it stands by itself. You can taste the sweetness of the lobster in every bite. Good amount of meat and tasted very good with the roll selection. I would say, as simple and as good as it gets with fresh lobster meat. On a side note, I really liked their salad. It was very fresh, simple cut romaine lettuce with cherry tomatoes and no skin sliced cucumbers served with a side of thousand island sauce. * The Maine Lobster Roll with Fries and Coleslaw. $18.75 (4 of 5) Lobster mixed with Hellmann's mayo, green onions, salt & pepper. Tasted creamier because of the mayo and not as sweet as The Naked. This roll was also as delicious but in a completely different light. Tasted a little more savory because of the mayo and green onion. * All Fountain Sodas - $2.50 (4 of 5) All you can drink and fountain sodas as made from sugar cane. What a treat, there was sugar cane root beer, sugar cane orange soda, sugar cane lemon soda, and sugar cane cola.* Lobster Bisque Bowl $10.75 (3 of 5) Not a heavy cream base and found spoon full of lobster meat in the bowl. Unfortunately, not as tasty as the roll.  * Baby Backs by the Bone $2.50/bone (3 of 5) Nothing special. Probably can pass on this.No need to drive out to this place. But if you are in the neighborhood and want a bite of lobster chunks, try this place. It won't disappoint. Casual seating and friendly staff.
<review# 2158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,9/25/2013,248,194,,7,3>I waited a while to create my review for Julian Chase because I always want to make sure the hair color I tried stays put, and it did! Julian Chase fit me in for a hair appointment with only a day's notice.From the moment I walked in, Jade at the reception desk made me feel very welcome as if I were a life long customer (even though it was my first time). They give you a smock to protect your clothes, very appreciated, and offer you a drink while you wait.My appointment was with Jana. I had some vague ideas about what I wanted, and Jana soaked those ideas up and gave me exactly what I had in mind, even if I wasn't very good at articulating it. The low layers she gave me was seriously the best cut of my life. Somehow with this haircut, she fixed what I thought was a genetically-inherited case of frizzy hair. With the layers Jana gave me my hair stays smooth and shiny all day.And the color... the color was fantastic. I told Jana I wanted a dark brown natural color without being too dark so that it gets confused with black. Jana took a conservative approach with the color, always a good thing on a first appointment, and gave me a beautiful brown color just a couple shades darker than natural and it looked great.Super friendly staff, great coloring services, and seriously the best cut I've ever had. From now on I will be a life-long customer of Julian Chase Salon. A little pricier than I'm used to paying, but it seems more or less on par with what I've had to pay at other salons in Silicon Valley.
<review# 2159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,9/24/2013,103,120,2,5,3>Very convenient location right near Caltrain. So you can get a quick bite and a hot drink to start your day without waitin in the long lines of nearby La Boulange which is now belongs to Starbucks. Very nice folks Jim and his wife work their own business so I prefer to help small business owners that struggle amidst the wealthy corporate giants that're movin into downtown. Love the nutella and banana on pumpernickle bagel, but I forgot to get it w strawberries! Lotsa chocolates and gummies too!Or grab a cold bottled beer!!!!Betchya didn't see that comin!
<review# 2160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2013,9/23/2013,330,533,9,11,10>My husband and I were about to run some boring errands today, but lo and behold, we discovered that the new brewery/taproom in our tiny town was open!  Needless to say, we cancelled all other plans for the day and headed in for a pint or two.Hop Dogma opened on July 4 and they already seem to have a decent amount of foot traffic simply from word of mouth.  What else could it be?  Since our town is so small, most people drive right past on Hwy 1.  When we arrived at around 3 pm, there were only two other people inside.  An hour later, all the chairs were occupied.Please note that Hop Dogma only serves beer (despite the Yelp category of "food").  They'll give you some pretzels if you like, and there is a mini-mart/hardware store across the street if you need more munchies.  Here, it's really all about the beer.Today, we tried their A-Frame IPA, Theodora's Mosaic Pale Ale, La Purisima Saison and Brown Ryeno Ale.  My husband and I have very different tastes.  He likes hoppy beers, and I like malty beers.  Pint prices generally range from $5 to $6.  We were both very pleased with the beers we sampled.  In fact, we might just go back there tomorrow!Hop Dogma also hosts the Devil's Slide Brewing Club on the second Thursday of each month at 7:30 pm.  If you're in the area and you brew your own beer, or if you just like to drink, check them out.  I'm posting the current hours, though they may change in the future.  Best to call if you're coming by.
<review# 2161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2010,7/5/2011,751,680,23,27,24>I'm a big fan of Sam's Chowder House in Half Moon Bay, and when I heard that the owners were opening a restaurant in my neck of the woods in San Mateo, I knew I had to check it out. Dragged my family along, and the kids knew it was going to be one of my future Yelp reviews. They even waited for me to take pictures before they took a bite out of whatever they ordered. A month after it opened, we tried to do a walk in at 6PM on a Saturday night. No such luck, a 90 minute wait. Imagine that, more than an hour wait for a San Mateo restaurant! Ended up going to Himawari instead. A couple of weeks later, we tried again. Opentable reservations were booked, but we decided to get a walk-in for 5:30PM on Sunday. Timing was good, because we were immediately seated, and soon after the place filled up. The previous occupants of this location also used to be an Italian restaurant, named Cafe Pomaroma. I guess it didn't do as well, but the owners of Osteria Coppa pretty much kept the same wood floor and wood paneled decor (yelp.com/biz_photos/PT7a). Service was attentive, and friendly, allowing us adequate time to look over our menus before ordering: -Star Route Farms Little Gem lettuce, radicchio, creamy bagna cauda dressing (yelp.com/biz_photos/PT7a): What we would call a Caesar Salad, but done well. Dressing evenly coated the leaves. Salad was fresh, not wilted ,and the dressing slightly pungent, but not overpowering. -Full Belly Farms Watermelon, taggiasche olives and Sheep's milk feta (yelp.com/biz_photos/PT7a): On a warm Summer Evening, this salad was very refreshing, especially with watermelons in season. Sweetness and coolness of the watermelon was a nice contrast to the milder feta cheese, and tartness of the olives. I'd order this again! -Tagliatelle, Kid's order. Kid's had a choice of butter and Parmesan, olive oil or tomato. House-made pasta, cooked perfectly al dente. -Eggplant Pizza, with scamorza (an Italian cow's milk cheese), and Pantelleria capers (yelp.com/biz_photos/PT7a): a very nicely-sized single order of pizza. Very fresh toppings. The crust was thin and chewy, but didn't get soggy from the sauce. One of the best pizza crusts I had in a while. -Pepperoni pizza (yelp.com/biz_photos/PT7a): This was on the kid's menu, but it was the same size the regular order. As with the eggplant pizza, it was done very well, especially the crust. -Rainbow chard Parmesan (yelp.com/biz_photos/PT7a): ordered this as a side dish. Very rich and cheesy, baked and served in a little dish. A good side dish to share. -Bigoli Pasta (yelp.com/biz_photos/PT7a): This house made pasta was prepared with Iacopi Farms fresh cranberry beans, and cubed, house made pancetta. A well cooked, nicely textured pasta! Cranberry beans added a very thick texture to the sauce, balanced with the pancetta, added a nice salty and savory taste. We were pretty full by the end of our meal, and had leftovers to bring back home. Too full to have dessert here, so we decided to walk off dinner, and get dessert somewhere downtown San Mateo. There will be next time, and I will save room for one (or two) of their desserts!
<review# 2162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2011,7/4/2011,131,459,6,9,5>I make really good pasta at home, so it has to be executed really well in a restaurant order for me to be okay with spending money on it.  This plus the fact that my previous Italian food experiences in Redwood City have been mediocre at best meant that I always passed over Vino Santo when looking for food downtown.Big mistake on my part!  I came here for a work lunch, and while the empty atmosphere of the place and the large hair clinging to my water glass (they got me a new glass of water right away) did not make a good first impression, the food was delish.  I had linguine with clams/white wine, which had a nice mix of chopped clam meat and and super-fresh clams in the shell, plus perfectly cooked pasta.  A little too brothy for me but other than that it was excellent.  I snitched a bite of someone else's tiramisu and it was awesome, super moist, not too sweet, and light in texture.Not long after I invited a friend to Vino Santo for dinner and we had a great meal.  We started with the tiger prawn appetizer, which was six large prawns sauteed to just the right level of doneness in a white wine/garlic sauce.  The very thin coating of flour/batter on the prawns was a nice touch and it helped the sauce to really cling to the flesh.  They didn't oversauce the prawns either, which was nice, but we did mop up the remaining sauce with the yummy hot bread that kept coming as we demolished it.  The bread came with an olive oil/balsamic dipping sauce, but it didn't really taste like truly good olive oil should taste so I just skipped it and ate my hot bread plain.  It was still good.Motivated by the excellent appetizer, I ordered prawns over linguine in a sun-dried tomato sauce and was not disappointed.  Prawns + tomato + pasta can easily be a forgettable combination, but Vino Santo did it right: The pasta was clearly cooked to just the right level of toothiness in good salty water and then cooked in a properly restrained amount of sauce, and the generous amount of large prawns was further supplemented by a portion of smaller shrimp.  My friend got seafood ravioli in a lobster cream sauce, and while I generally dislike super creamy/cheesy pasta dishes (particularly with seafood), I did try a bite and I have to say that it was quite good, satisfyingly hearty without feeling overly rich, with the flavors of the fresh seafood not at all masked by the dairy.  Both of our dishes were a home run.At this point we really wanted to test out some desserts but we were on a super tight schedule (not to mention stuffed to the gills) so we ended our meal there.  Props to the waiters for accommodating our request to be handed the check with our entrees so that we could leave faster, and for performing well on what was a super busy night.Definitely coming back!
<review# 2163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2011,7/3/2011,86,187,4,15,7>This is my favorite restaurant in Woodside, if not the entire Peninsula.  Here are the usual quips about this restaurant:"I've been to other places without Michelin stars that are better""It's too expensive and I was snubbed off!"Okay....of course there are other restaurants that are better.  Even those without Michelin stars.  But let's talk about this restaurant for a second.  My observations:+ Ambiance.  Pretty damn nice for a pub.  + Bartenders.  Do their job professionally, and can prepare cocktails just like those hipsters in the city.+ Service.  Prompt and attentive.  A nod to their wine service, which is excellent.  The sommelier takes good care of my bottles when I bring them, and her recommendations have always been spot-on.  + Food.  Very consistent and delicious preparation of American/California fare, nothing mind-blowing or out there on the fringe.  ~ Price.  Reasonable - a table of four with drinks is around $300 here.  That's not bad, most $$$$ restaurants are ~$400.  One Tip:  The big variable at most places is how much you spend on drinks.  When the sommelier asks if you need help, try saying something like this:"I want a bottle of [type - red/white/sparkling] from [region - california/france/italy] with [characteristics - fruit/dry/acidity/earthy/tannins]and I want to spend [x] much"This gives the sommelier everything they need to narrow the selections down for you.  And I guarantee they won't pass judgment on you for giving them a price point.
<review# 2164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2010,7/2/2011,92,81,9,8,11>When I asked my daughter what she wanted for her birthday this year, she was very specific. "I want a bicycle". she said as I picked her up from school. She had thrown down the gauntlet. Now it was up to me to buy a bike that she liked at a reasonable price. After much shopping around, we both settled on a relatively inexpensive bike from Toys R Us. When I picked up the bike, I decided I should take it to a shop to have the brakes adjusted and the wheels trued. On the recommendation of a friend, I brought the bike to Summit Bicycles. Not only did their mechanic do a great job, he went out of his way to get it done before the time I requested. He also did a complete safety check on the bicycle for me.  Great customer service, and a large selection of bicycles. You just can't put a price on the peace of mind you get from knowing that the bicycle your daughter is learning to ride on is safe. Oh, and 5 stars to me for teaching her to ride on her own in less than an hour. So proud of her.
<review# 2165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2011,7/1/2011,275,727,27,25,20>Take a look at my face. Come on, I dare you.Now you tell me, how could a face this ugly find such a hot a wife?Here is my secret. It was my hair. Well not really my hair, as it is a stylists nightmare. Thick, coarse, graying and completely out of control I needed a magician to make it look even half-way decent.It was all because of Julie, and her artistry that helped make my hair look remarkably great and helped make my first date with my wife a success. I have been a client of Julie's for years and she is amazing! My hair is not always the most cooperative, but some how she makes it look so easy and gives me the best cuts (and for a very reasonable price) that I have ever had. Even my wife who was always loyal to her stylist since high school has switched and is now going to Julie.Julie recently left Didi Salon and opened her own located right on California Avenue. There is plenty of free and easy street parking. The salon itself is a super welcoming environment and is fully staffed by some great and friendly people.Thank you Julie for helping this ugly face have remarkable hair.
<review# 2166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2011,6/30/2011,76,111,8,8,7>So glad Kara's now carries mini cupcakes! I love sweet vanilla but that huge mound of frosting on the regular size cupcake is too guilt inducing...now the mini version is just right! Also love the peanut butter ganache with chocolate cake - soooo delicious and a mini size is two bites so it's perfect! I meant to take one bite and save hubby the other. But there was no way to stop my mouth from devouring the second half once the party got started!!  Yummm!!
<review# 2167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2010,6/29/2011,74,184,3,8,5>So, my son is now 9 and taking lessons from Sifu John.  He's a bit tough with the kids in class (even though he's really a big softie) but he gets a lot out of the kids and they really respect him.  My daughter is now 6 and has been taking lessons from Sensei Mike for 3 years.  She is doing great and has learned a lot, and really enjoys the classes.  I still strongly recommend Twin Dragon Academy for anyone considering martial arts lessons.
<review# 2168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2011,6/28/2011,56,302,5,14,8>A great paved path for running, walking and jogging.  A few notes:-Bring a jog stroller.  You won't make it with a regular one.-There is zero shade on the entire trail.  Be aware.-There is zero water on the entire trail.  Be prepared.-There is a cool "cow path" you can access from the main trail or from the trail leading up from Alpine Road-Parking stinks.Enjoy!
<review# 2169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2011,6/27/2011,330,458,7,8,7>Was in the mood for some Korean Tofu soup, and wanted to try out a new spot. We were greeted by the friendly staff, and was given a choice of waiting for a larger table (which was nice of them to offer).  We did take them up on that, and was glad, as the table was filled by the time we got all our orders.Banchan was super tasty - seaweed, fish cake, kimchee, bean sprouts, radish, and chapchae noodles (all yummy).  They even came around to ask if we wanted more (which we did).We ordered up the seafood tofu soup (had regular spice, and will go for hot next time) - lots of clams and shrimp mixed amongst the tofu.  The waitress was nice enough to crack us an egg (other places leave it up to the customer to crack their own).  They also had a choice of full or half orders of their Korean BBQ dishes.  We ordered half orders of Bul Gogi, and Kalbi (was glad we did, as the portions were generous).  We also ordered the cold arrow root noodles with spicy sauce (nice and chewy, spicy, and refreshing - they even mixed it for us at the table).I was glad we came here, as they had a wide variety of dishes to try.  Prices are very reasonable, and the entire staff is super friendly.  Next time I will check out their Tuk bok ki (spicy rice cakes)...  Love this place, and will definitely be back again!
<review# 2170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2011,6/26/2011,562,1006,10,10,10>Best burrito I've had in a long time!  I came here after wedding dress shopping with my friend, who's a burrito connoisseur.  She said this is the best place near her house for burritos, so we came here.  Wow, I was not disappointed!  The super burrito is only $6 and includes meat, spanish rice, beans, cheese, guac, sour cream & salsa.   I had mine with chicken and black beans.  Their chicken is fantastic - its marinated and seasoned very well.   I could only finish half my burrito and have the second half for lunch tomorrow - it was a whole lot of food for $6.  They also gave us free chips & salsa.   All in all, a great experience and I will definitely come back here for my burrito fix.(Best ___: Best Burrito)
<review# 2171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,9/1/2013,137,60,2,7,5>1. Good communication. Whenever the team was running late I got a phone call and/or text.2. Excellent work. If you are the type to clean before the cleaners get there, they will go deep. If you give them a clean slate you get toilet paper bows. I have watched them work, and since there was usually five or six of them and they worked hard for an entire hour, you can imagine how clean a 1,000 sq ft apartment is made.3. Fair price.4. Provide their own equipment and cleaning supplies. They have a much better vacuum than I ever did. It's almost like a carpet cleaning!The girls were always sweet, with white jackets on. Very professional.If you are looking for cleaning, hire them and treat them like gold.
<review# 2172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,8/31/2013,153,555,,8,2>My parents were in town on their road trip from Scottsdale to Kirkland, so I treated them to a nice dinner not too far from my apartment.Breads - Try the mini croissants. So rich, buttery, and flaky. Hamachi shots - The signature appetizer from Alexander's Steakhouse. Pretty good with an interesting mix of flavors and nice presentation. A bit on the salty side, so don't actually shoot it. Leave some sauce on the bottom.Lobster risotto w/ black truffles - Decadent and delicious. It's a small portion, but enough for two to share. I thought the actual lobster was just ok, but loved the buttery and creamy risotto.King salmon - Perfectly grilled to a medium rare. A nice, light dish and served with some small veggies. Two medium sized cuts.Halibut - Super tender and fresh from Half Moon Bay. The best part of this dish was actually the Spanish octopus. Amazingly tender and tasty. The halibut t-bone was a very generous portion.Wagyu sampler: 3 x 3oz - Because some days you need to live a little. Served with three sauces and three exotic salts.  1. Miyazake A5 - Ridiculously melts in your mouth with little effort. Super marbled and tender.  2. Tajima F1 - Similar to the Miyazake, but perhaps not as marbled.  3. Chuck flap bavette - Really tender American Wagyu. Supposedly a little "tougher" than the first two, but it will taste amazing compared to most steaks.Raspberry souffle - Omg this was so good. Perfectly baked with amazing volume, texture, and flavor. I must learn to make this.Pandora - An interesting combination of chocolate mousse and carmelized miso ice cream.On the house: a melon/mint soup shot, orange flavored cotton candy, a small platter with mini-tiramisu cupcakes, banana bread, and a toffee nut brittle.Service was excellent. The waiter knew every detail about every dish on the menu.They did a nice job transforming the interior of the old Trader Vic's. The open kitchen behind a glass wall is a nice touch.If you can't decide what to order, get the Miyazake A5 and the raspberry souffle. I could eat these two every day.
<review# 2173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,8/30/2013,66,106,,4,3>I love coming here for lunch. This place kind of reminds me of Chipotle, but with Mediterranean food.  You have the option of getting a wrap, rice bowl, or salad. Then you pick your meat and toppings. It's great. I always get a rice bowl with falafels. Their falafels are big, tasty, and have the perfect texture on the inside. The extras that you can add onto your meal are also really good. My favorite is the roasted cauliflower and cucumber with tomatoes. At the end of the line you choose which sauce you'd like with your food. Yum. Although its always pretty busy during lunch time the line moves fairly quickly... So don't let that scare you away! I've been here twice this week already for lunch and will probably be back for a third time.
<review# 2174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,8/29/2013,463,341,6,5,6>HOW IN THE WORLD HAVE I NOT REVIEWED THIS PLACE??? OH WAIT, I KNOW WHY... It's soooo good that I don't want anyone else to come here. But for the better good of the Yelp community, here I am and here's my review.In a nutshell:GO HERE!!!!!!!! SOOOOOOO GOOD!!!!!! BEST RAMEN EVERRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!My favorite is the lobster garlic pork Ramen.The Ramen noodles are perfect, not soggy, not too soft, a little bit of bite but not undercooked or crunchy- a bit al dente'-ish if that's possible for Ramen.Soft shell crab tastes freshly fried with a nice crisp but not oily. The not-too-salty roasted pork is not served cold like Ramen Dojo and it has a nice proportion of meat to fat. The seaweed garnish is not soggy, and all these items build together to make a wonderful bowl of hot steamy yummy spicy greatness... Not something that's sitting in the back and old and moldy...But the line and the wait can get realllllllly long... There's always a long wait, so don't go here. That way I can get my table quicker.
<review# 2175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,8/28/2013,128,123,3,8,7>For my 30th birthday party I made all of the food for over 30 people, organized fun activities, like having a henna tattoo artist and I created a 90's trivia game that included video, pictures, and music, so when it came to the dessert, I wanted something equally creative and personal, but I needed someone else besides me to do it! So what did I do? Well, naturally I consulted Yelp and came across Sibby's Cupcakery, which had fantastic reviews. These cupcakes were not only absolutely delectable, but above and beyond creative. I ordered three dozen mini-cupcakes, and one jumbo cupcake-just for me (: Half of them had little 30s on them and the other half had Basenji faces on them rotating black collars for my boy dog, Kourey, and red collars for my girl dog, Kaylee. The Basenji faces on these cupcakes seriously looked so much like my little doggies-it was such a hit! Everyone was so impressed, and of course, thought it was hilarious! I got one box of cupcakes as their sampler flavors, which included: carrot cinnamon, buttercup, salted caramel, chocolate and cream, and the rest were lemon drop and red velvet (my jumbo cupcake was red velvet and it was amazzzzing!) I will most certainly be returning to Sibby's in the future for any and all big events, or when I just want a super tasty treat.Picture of the cupcakes:s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com
<review# 2176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,8/27/2013,364,464,3,7,5>I cannot write anything more than what other 900+ reviewers haven't already written. I appreciate Patxi's for their deep dish pizzas though I would give the best deep dish awards to Zachary's still. But since Patxi's is closer home, they still get more business from me.If you are vegetarian, there are several interesting options available. I like their veggie deep dish, but dont love it. Love goes to the blue line pizza deep dish for their veggie pizza. What I do love here is the spinach pesto deep dish...mmmm, absolutely love it!! Creamy deliciousness.Since it is the season of yelp helps, I want to give a big shoutout to Patxi's as it is their 52nd week of giving where they donate a portion of their business revenues to local charities. What goes around comes back around! Good Karma to you Patxi's!Thank you for making deep dish delish closer to home and did I say I have usually ordered take home and have never had to wait, I call about an hour before the time I want to pick up and usually pick it up from store. Staff here is usually friendly and a $20 PIzza lasts you atleast 2 meals for 2 people. Do the math! for PA Patxi's is true value for a meal if you aren't counting calories ;)
<review# 2177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,8/26/2013,201,195,4,12,6>I've been an Impact member for one week and i've already gone 4 times. That's how much I enjoy Erik's kickboxing classes! The classes are really fun. I've done other workouts before from personal training, to group classes at the gym, and none of them are as fun or as rewarding as this kickboxing class. I was really worried that I would feel out of place coming into this class. This was one of the first things on my "to-do" list for self empowerment. But everyone there was very welcoming, even to a shy wallflower like me! It's not intimidating at all and is really an all level class. If you ever get lost and think to yourself I can't do it, one of his assistants will guide you through the combo and really break it down so you can catch up with the rest of the class. Their music selection is on point, it really helps when you have good music to listen to while punching and kicking.I didn't get the groupon or livingsocial deal but I did use the deal they have on their website, which is new members get one month unlimited access for $30. It was such a steal, even when my deal is up I think i'm still going to get monthly membership because I enjoy it so much. It's really worth it and the first visit is free so there isn't any commitment you can just go and check it out.
<review# 2178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,8/25/2013,348,168,3,4,5>I love this place! You can make your own salad or order from their bomb menu.All ingredients are fresh and they have almost anything you thinking of adding to your salad. I love their kyoto salad with seared ahi tuna and I love their tofu as well. I take one star away for huge line during the lunch time almost every day, sometimes it takes up to an hour to wait for your order to get ready, which I think is pathetic for simple salad place.
<review# 2179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,8/24/2013,147,155,9,5,3>I dig it! I especially like the look on people's faces as I create a gap in the Tpump's line to get in here. I call it the "errrmahgawshI'vebeeninlineforanhourforacupoftea,­thisbxtchbetternotcutme" look. Yeah.The crepes are the best you can purchase downtown. The eggettes are basically waffle balls, and I'm always down for waffle in any shape or form :) Their mochi has real fruit inside of it. & They serve Three twins organic ice cream, yum! I don't even usually like ice cream. There's also Asian snack type food like fried wontons and whatnot.The service, impeccable. The workers here are all VERY friendly and check with you to see if you want your food/drink customized, & make sure you like it once you get it. I appreciate that. I'd like to see this continue as they become more popular which I'm sure they will.Finally the boba, oh the boba. So warm and chewy since they're freshly made :) Creations also uses fresh fruit juice to flavor their tea concoctions so none of that syrupy shit you get at Tpumps. New fave Asian dessert joint.Hopefully I don't get diabeetus from coming here so often!
<review# 2180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,8/23/2013,278,57,5,5,6>I fortuitously ended up here after a yelp event and decided to play ball and level it up to dinner. Best decision of my Sunday (fun day!).First observation: There are regulars, and they eat here. We got seated next to a trendy couple with a kid. The two of them just emanated cool: trolling around, making noise, and having a ball. Another observation:The staff here are just good people. We spent most of the night being pampered by them, esp. the head chef Thomas (we were some of the last people in the restaurant). I'm not normally one to drink (at all), but they kept pouring us so many shots of grey goose that I felt like I was inside of a Chinese family home.We ordered the Murtabak (roti, stuffed with beef), Roasted Spare Ribs, and Lobster Pad Thai. I would appraise all three highly. The food is ridiculously rich, so get some rice too. hella muscles!
<review# 2181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2010,7/21/2010,641,501,11,15,14>I noticed this place's sign a few weeks back. Yay, a new Chinese restaurant!They opened.  I stopped by.  Doh, they are closed on Tuesdays.Finally, today, Henry and I made it there for lunch.  The decor, VERY nice.  They did a super great job remodeling this space which I think used to be a hole in the wall Mongolian hot pot shop.The food, really good.  The lunch specials at $5.95 which are available on weekends are tasty!  And they even accommodated me with an off the menu request.  The soup (tofu and tomato) it came with was yummy too.However... I have one gripe with this place.  The super cute logo and interior made me think they would be more of a hip HK eatery (some of their menu items almost suggest that too), but they are really a traditional HK food restaurant.  I was hoping to see late night hours, HK style milk tea, and maybe a few more desserts on the menu... Anyway, food is tasty, so that's enough for me to go back again.  And add their proximity to my house, they get 4 stars from me.  Although, I'll be pleasantly surprised if they decide to add HK milk tea on the menu! (hint!)
<review# 2182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2010,7/20/2010,537,588,12,23,22>Great venue! Huge space with a big bar, projection screens, huge dance floor, and comfy and spacious VIP area.  The outdoor area is a big plus for the smokers and for those who need a breath of fresh air after tearing it up on the dance floor.  That night was chilly and the heat lamps made it bearable and easy to enjoy the outdoor space.  Some nights Hookah Guy is available --- call ahead to make sure he's available. Solid 3 Star Venue! +1 extra star since it's a night club in the Peninsula! Yelp should definitely throw an event here with some local San Mateo and restaurants and breathe some additional  life into the already vibrant food scene.  I know if I need a venue for 50+ to 100+ peeps, Level 236 is first on my list!!!I was here for Ms. Sha's. Birthday celebration with the SBC!!!PS: Happy Birthday Sha! yelp.com/events/san-mate#585
<review# 2183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2010,7/19/2010,1324,243,7,9,6>It is just one of those nights that you just want something simple and fast.  Even if it happens to be a Friday night.  Hamburgers or something that is good but bad and good for you at the same time.  Yes...Jeffrey's Hamburgers it is.  I know exactly where to get it too.Given that it is about 7:30pm, it was still busy.  I looked at the menu and instead of having a burger like I was craving for at the time....I saw BLT.  I never pass a BLT for any reason.  And this is no exception.   It came with fries.  Now that is a meal.The BLT includes bacon which had a decent amount of bacons, lettuce, tomatoes on mayo with toasted wheat bread.  It was simple and delish.  The fries were crispy and light.  Need I say more.....And down it with coke.Good choice for a burger or a BLT.  Which ever way you go about it.  It is all good.
<review# 2184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2009,7/18/2010,218,255,6,8,7>I'm always willing to try someplace new, especially near the office.  At the suggestion of Elizabeth W. I tried Ike's place, and the food was great.  I had the Super Mario (had to get it as a bow to my office) on Dutch Crunch, Dad's Rootbeer and Thomas Kemper Ginger Ale (yes, 2 drinks because I couldn't decide which I really wanted).  The Super Mario is a meatball sandwich with cheesesticks and marinara, as well as the usual sandwich toppings (including Ike's "Dirty Sauce" which is actually garlic aioli with herbs), and very delicious, although really huge.  I will definitely try Ike's again, possibly for their breakfasts which looked delicious, too.Tips:  CALL YOUR ORDER IN, I cannot stress this enough.  It took us 45 minutes to go, get our food and get back to the office, and it only takes 5 minutes or less to get there.  There is no place to sit at Ike's, so plan on going elsewhere to eat it.
<review# 2185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2009,7/17/2010,318,202,6,8,7>Sakoon is an oxymoron. I never knew that an Indian restaurant could have such great ambiance and service. The service here is really AMAZING. You almost feel like you're in a French restaurant. The manager really takes the time to speak to all the patrons and whoever the owner is, he did a great job on decor.  It's definitely one of the most upscale restaurants in Mountain View.  Psstt...they have a digital photo album in the bathrooms and a private room in the back with a TV! On your way to the bathroom don't forget to check out the floor. :)In terms of the food, I was impressed. It's less authentic than Shiva's, but I like how everything has a modern twist to it. It's more or less Cal-Indian cuisine. I highly recommend the Buter Chicken (this is always a crowd pleaser) and also the Saag Pasand Se (in which you can pick and choose which veggies you want in it and comes with a nicely textured Roti with butter sauce). For the appetizers we had the Trio of Samosas - YUM!  Also the naan is great...slightly toasted on the outside and nice and fluffy on the inside. The great thing about the food here is that there's a twist to every dish.I really hope that this place stays in business, though I'm not sure how they will considering that I'm sure they invested a lot of money into this place and during a recession people aren't willing to pay much or go out to eat much. However, for those of us on a budget, they have a $12.99 lunch buffet which is pretty good considering that Shiva's charges the same price. I'd much rather come to Sakoon's to get better tasting food and a great ambiance!Oh...if you're looking for authentic Indian, go elsewhere. However, if you're looking for some damned good food...come to Sakoon!
<review# 2186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2009,7/16/2010,362,488,8,12,12>When I was heading over to Izakaya Mai for dinner, I noticed Sweet Breams is right next door. Right away, I knew that I was coming here for dessert.I ordered a school of taiyakis, snack sized Japanese fish shaped cakes. I wanted to try all the flavors (red bean, vanilla, chocolate, nutella, and the catch of the week at the time - chocolate and almond). I didn't have enough cash on me and they had a $10 minimum for credit cards, so I added my friends order and another 1/2 school of fish.These mini cakes were delicious and since they are made to order, each bite was heaven. My two favorites were the vanilla and nutella. I wanted to take pictures of the cooking process, but they don't allow photography.Before you head to the movies across the street, head over to Sweet Breams and get a school of fish. Much more better tasting than popcorn.
<review# 2187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2010,7/15/2010,905,867,10,10,11>After several years, Aldo continues to impress.  We've made our way through most of the excellent menu, but last night, I finally was able to try the Angus ribeye steak.  Having ate steaks at many establishments and cooked many more myself, I had always resisted this dish, figuring I could do just as great a job or why have steak at an Italian restaurant instead of a steakhouse?  Boy, was I wrong!  The Bistecca ($23) is absolutely one of the best entrees I've ordered at Aldo's and will now have to rank among one of my favorite steaks.  As a carnivore through and through, I was utterly surprised.  The Angus ribeye was grilled medium rare to perfection and absolutely tender to cut, but the real star of the entree is the amazing sauce.  The rosemary balsalmic was mixed with peppercorns and had a salty/sweet flavor that besides being delicious did not mask the great flavor of the steak.  As a meat purist, I don't often like sauces on my steaks (I prefer salt and pepper), but one bite of Aldo's sauce and I wanted more.The ribeye was paired with hearty deep fried wedge fries and a nice side of garlic and spinach.  Definitely a very filling meal and very reasonably priced too.  I still need to make my way to Murracci's, but I'll go out on a limb and declare Aldo's the best restaurant in Los Altos.  It was packed on a Friday night, but our wait was reasonable and the food absolutely satisfying.  Thanks for a great meal Aldo!
<review# 2188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2010,7/14/2010,1110,489,23,35,27>Being born in Indonesia and consequently growing up eating Indonesian/Malaysian food, I think I can say with confidence that I possess the ability to gauge whether or not something is flavored right by a native's standards. Today I went to Langkawi for take-out, and with it being located at the questionable strip mall in the middle of the Bay Area's armpit, I found myself guilty of judging the book (pardon the cliche). I was honestly very prepared to subject my taste buds to somewhere between mediocre and awful representation of the things I grew up enjoying. On the contrary, I found myself pleasantly surprised.We ordered:* ROTI PRATA ($3.25)              - [4.5/5 - The roti was perfect.. thin, malleable & not at all oily. The dipping curry was delicious and very well-flavored even with it seeming so diluted at first glance.]* NASI LEMAK ($7.95)              - [4.5/5 - The rice smelled lovely, the curry chicken was delicious, the sambal anchovies not too strong-tasting (That may have been done on purpose in an attempt to keep the unaccustomed in mind..) though still good, and the achar-ed vegetables were VERY fresh and completed the plate with an ideal balance of sweet & sour.]* CHENDOL ($4.00)              - [4.5/5 - Since I was a little kid, Chendol has always been one of my favorite dessert drinks. I've tried it at random street carts, food courts, top notch restaurants, and my friends & family's homes all over Indonesia. Langkawi's Chendol was better than so many - really.]* SAMBAL "Normal" ($0)              - [5/5 - Mmmgood!]* SAMBAL "Special" ($0)              - [5/5 - I was disappointed when I saw how little they'd included.. but after tasting it, I understood why. Just a dollop was spicy enough.. and I assure you, this is coming from someone who turns her soups a beautiful shade of orange-red after chopping up a few Bird's eye chili peppers.]I can't vouch for everything else on their menu, but everything listed above were well-executed and (even with the not-so-minor adjustments here and there) the flavors, authentic. I can't wait to try the rest of their menu!NOTE: Malaysian/Indonesian food can be unusually spicy and use "sweet"-ish seasonings on things you might not ordinarily expect to taste sweet.. If you're not familiar with the food, I'd recommend asking for tips from the server.
<review# 2189,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/8/2010,7/13/2010,492,228,2,5,3>In a nutshell:Food - 3.5 starsP/C (bang for the buck) - 3.5 starsService - 3.5 starsIt'd been a while since I trudged through University Avenue in Palo Alto - just about in the six months' timeframe, I could see that a lot has changed in the restaurant scene - many restaurants were made over into new restaurants.  Of those, La Strada wasn't one of them and that's why we decided to lunch there (and we were craving for some decent thin-crust pizza).It was a real hot day so we opted for a cold beer while we looked at the menu.  Not too many places have the Moretti but La Strada carried it, so we opted for it - always like the minerally, slightly bitter, but not as effervescent finish of the beer.  Anyway, the menu was pretty extensive and varied.  My friend and I got a thing of the ahi tuna salad (not exactly italian, but that was the only salad that sounded decent) and a fontina and wild mushroom pizza.  Both dishes were HUGE - the salad could easily be shared amont 3~4 people and the pizza had 6 BIG slices.  The salad had a little too much going on though - almost like an antipasti style - a little bit of pickled pepeers here and a bit of olives there.  The ingredients themselves looked fresh and well seasoned, it could have been a little less salty in my opinion.  The pizza was well cooked but since they used the fresh mushrooms, it was runny, which kinda drove me crazy, the toppings all fell apart when i was trying to grab the slice by my hand.  Why wouldn't restaurants use dry or half-dry mushrooms to put on pizzas - they have so much more flavors...In conclusion: In addition to the food, the service was decent and the ambiance was decent - a solid 3 star restaurant in my opinion.
<review# 2190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2010,7/12/2010,330,458,3,7,6>Best local beach in my book..  Aside from the hefty $10 parking fee, the beach is super clean (bathrooms too) and well maintained.  Came here about a month back to do a beach restoration project with the fam (re-planting native plants and removing non-native plants), and decided to come back to take a walk on the beach with my wife this time around.  The beach doesn't seem to ever get crowded (probably due to the fees), but it is well worth the price.In addition to the beach itself, there is a nice little paved bike/running trail running parallel to the beach.  Lots of local eateries close by as well (ie., Sam's Chowder House!)... Became a member of the California State Parks Organization because of this spot!  Will definitely be frequenting this spot during Summer.
<review# 2191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,12/9/2012,403,410,,6,3>Great prime rib anytime!  And a great price!  Great options for fancy surf and turf, although I'm all about the red meat.Reservations are a must since this is a popular steakhouse and many business folks in the area come here often since it's so reliably awesome.The atmosphere is a little loud, a little dark, and can be a little daunting, but I think it sets the mood appropriately for gorging yourself on meat and buttery sides.  Freshly baked bread always to start, always tasty with just a dab of butter or the olive oil/balsamic vinegar combo.  I like that they provide both options.If you love prime rib, get the prime rib.  Medium-rare or rare.  The au jus is delicious and not too salty.  I enjoy the option of freshly ground pepper on top of my steak.  The wine selection here is vast so there's no reason to skip out on a nice red to go with your steak.  It really enhances the flavor!Desserts here are quite rich, but sometimes they have some tasty specials you can't pass up.  This last time I shared a delicious slice of freshly made blackberry pie with Ingrid C.  I love pie!  And especially after an indulgent meal!Only negative note for me is that I hate the parking situation here.  The lot is tiny, oddly organized and always packed, and I always end up having to park on busy El Camino... Hmm... Small annoyance that is only a brief blip on the radar.
<review# 2192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,12/8/2012,637,255,14,19,17>Vesta was the dinner of choice, suggested by fellow Elite Yelper Glenn G. aka "pizza aficionado", after a fun and indulgent Ruinart champagne and macaroon tasting at K&L Wines last Friday. Luckily we arrived on the earlier side of dinner service and got seated immediately - we may not have been that fortunate an hour later since Vesta does not take reservations. Not being a fan of thick-crust Chicago style pizza, I was excited to try Vesta's Neapolitan style handcrafted wood-fired pizza offerings. The menu is pretty straight forward with a few salad and appetizers and roughly 10 specialty pizzas with no option to build your own. We decided to get the Sausage & Leek Pizza (yelp.com/biz_photos/vest) - spicy Italian sausage, mascarpone cheese, red onion, leeks, and fresh mozzarella. There is an option to add a fresh farm egg for $3 to this pizza, which we did not do. Being full-blown carnivores, Glenn G. and I wanted to add some soppressata as well as garlic to the pizza. The server wasn't quite sure the soppressata would compliment the creamy sauce on the pizza and consulted with the chefs, who agreed with her concerns, so we just added the fresh garlic. The crust was a bit thicker than I'm used to with Neapolitan style, but it was crunchy at the bottom and the fluffy all around the pie. The mascarpone and leek worked really well together and the added garlic definitely spruced this pizza up, but I wish the spicy Italian sausage was spicier - it actually was closer to mild Italian sausage. The additional kick would have taken this pizza to the next level. Vesta offers some great local brews and the Scrimshaw Pilsner complimented the food well. I can see myself coming back here to try a few of the other pizzas and to have some appetizers (the mushroom toast at the table next to us looked phenomenal and it took a lot of effort to restrain myself from grabbing a piece off their plate). The prices are reasonable and the service was efficient. I really enjoyed the high ceilings and large open windows that just made the place look bright and welcoming. It certainly was fun to be able to watch the pizza chefs do their magic in front of the stone oven.
<review# 2193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2012,12/7/2012,2511,1977,5,12,13>my friends from sf came to have dinner with us lowly peninsula folk.  parking out front, lots of room in the dining space, no wait.  a good start.i got the shoyu ramen with no extras just to get a feel for the basics.  i was pleasantly surprised.  my expectations were low because most people consider this place to be the lesser cousin of santa and dojo.  broth had dimension and no harsh artificial edge.  medium consistency - not too thick or watery, not gritty, mildly oily.  noodles were thick, curly, and very bouncy.  pork was thick, tender and had a good amount of fat.  half boiled egg was just the right consistency.assorted beef skewers was also quite good.  tender and juicy with balanced flavoring.overall, authentic and tasty.  definitely better than santa.  i prefer it over dojo.  the best ramen ive had on the peninsula so far.  the other spots are absolutely not worth the wait with ramen parlor sitting right around the corner.
<review# 2194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,12/6/2012,396,518,4,6,5>What a gem this little diner is for Half Moon Bay! It reminds me of Old Glory, a little place I grew up going to in NJ (which is like the diner capital of the world btw). Sam's is CHEAP and delicious, which is exactly how I like my breakfast. They have a huge variety of portion sizes too, which is great since not everyone can stuff a ton of pancakes, eggs, bacon, hash browns and toast when it comes in bigger sizes. My mom had a meal that came with just 1-2 eggs, 1 pancake, bacon, and toast. She was super happy because typically she can't order a meal like that since it'll be too huge. I had the Denver omelet which was so reasonably priced I felt like I was back in my old diner on the east coast. Loved my crispy hash browns too. Everything was super tasty and the atmosphere was quieter so you could actually have a nice conversation with your dining partner. I'll definitely be back here for many more times to come. It's a much better deal than the Main St. Grill. Happy we found Sam's. :)
<review# 2195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2012,12/5/2012,128,123,6,8,5>I write this after having had a double espresso shot made from their delicious and locally sourced Barefoot coffee, so bare with me if I ramble-it's some powerful stuff! I love this little coffee/chocolate shop. I have come here to buy freshly ground espresso, to drink their incredible spicy hot chocolate, which has a firey kick to it, and to purchase their artisan chocolates that not only always taste decadently delicious, but are also gorgeously presented.I recently had two medical directors and the VP of my husband's company come to our house for dinner, and in a frantic effort to appear like I know how to properly entertain, I rushed over to Serendipity. I went all out with cooking a feast for dinner, so I wanted dessert to be light, but still a show-stopper. I bought a dozen various chocolates and cookies:  double chocolate, raspberry, and espresso macaroons, white chocolate with dark chocolate ganache filling, chocolate sea salt, La Vanille (Tahitioan vanilla w/ rum), and orange vanilla & bourbon peach. It was a huge success! There wasn't one bit of dessert left, and all the guys raved about the chocolates, especially the rum and bourbon ones (no surprise).So stop by this cute little spot to get everything anyone really needs: a coffee or chocolate buzz!
<review# 2196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,12/4/2012,56,302,2,3,2>This is a one-man operation, and the owner really knows his stuff. He's a master of paper and printing, and knows exactly what you need for any occasion. I had some business cards printed on a rush basis, and he was great at helping me with font, layout, and wording. I was really impressed with the quality of the finished product. I will be back!
<review# 2197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,12/3/2012,228,190,1,3,6>Mi Pueblo is a shining colorful beacon of a grocery store in a strip mall off the 101. Walk inside - it's brightly lit with lots of people. The produce section is colorful, well stocked and organized with veggies and fruit cheaper than what you'd get at Safeway. For example, limes are often 8 or 10 for $1. At Safeway, you're lucky to get 2 for $1.The panaderia (bakery section) has freshly baked pastries and oh, the bolillos - football shaped bread rolls are available hot out of the oven several times a day - cripsy on the outside, soft goodness on the inside.Don't want to cook? There's  a hot food section where you can get some rotiserrie chicken or all sorts of meat dishes, beans and rice. There's a taqueria-type counter where you can get you burritos, tacos, quesadillas, etc.You won't find high end, fancy organic products here. In fact, I couldn't even find vegetable broth. However you will find most of what you need at reasonable prices plus Latin America products galore.
<review# 2198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2012,12/2/2012,447,342,9,9,10>Goofy Foot - AMAZING.Caramel, Fudge and Oreo.I don't know what else to say. Get it.
<review# 2199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2012,12/1/2012,220,362,3,3,4>I'm not usually a fan of dosas, so if it weren't for the fact that this place had the Curry Up Now name attached to it, I probably wouldn't have ever tried it.  I'm glad I did because the dosas were really good!  It wasn't your typical thin mash in a crepe; the options and flavors were varied and delicious.  It did take a little while to get our meal, and the cashiers weren't particularly friendly, but it wasn't as bad as others apparently experienced.The butter chicken here tastes a lot different than what I recall from CUN...I prefer the CUN style.  Not sure why they changed it up but I figured it was worth a mention.
<review# 2200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,11/30/2012,137,60,5,10,9>Excellent pedicure! I paid 35.00 for a pedicure when I lived in Austin - and the massage wasn't as good or as long. The hot stones are great! Ivy did a fabulous job on my toes.Tammy did my nails, pink and white acrylic and I think they are perfect.The ladies are nice and cheerful, and I can see that they care a lot about customer satisfaction! Yay! Really looking forward to my next visit!
<review# 2201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2008,11/15/2008,761,878,4,6,5>What I love about Red Mango's frozen yogurt above all of the other frozen yogurt places popping up all over the Bay Area:- Their frozen yogurt is CREAMY, while still tart - Their frozen yogurt is substancey, NOT icy&watery like many other places- I could literally eat the frozen yogurt by itself with no fruit. it's that damn good.so... I was waiting for Red Mango to open up for so long. And the other day at work, I was on Yelp and saw Red Mango on the featured page. And i thought to myself, "how can red mango be on the featured page if it's not open yet?"  then i clicked on the link, and saw over 100 reviews for the Palo Alto location, and I thought.. SHIT.. it's been open this whole time, and I didn't even know!So the story is my first time having frozen yogurt was at PinkBerry and Red Mango.  Now something that a lot of people may not know is that Red Mango is actually the ORIGINAL frozen yogurt place. Yes, even before PinkBerry. Now the verdict is, I love Red Mango the most out of all frozen yogurt stores. And I can safely say that after having Red Mango more than 10 times during my every trip to Vegas. and now, it's open in Palo Alto!Anyhow, yes.. Red Mango is my favorite above all. And i'm so excited to see it finally opened in the Bay Area. Cause honestly, I'm getting tired of all these less-than-mediocre frozen yogurt stores popping up all over the Bay.This particular Red Mango location is very well sized and there's space for people to lounge around, study, and what not. When I first got to Red Mango yesterday, I was like a kid excited to go into the candy store. Before I took my first bite of the frozen yogurt with my spoon, I asked my boyfriend, "ARE YOU READY FOR THIS?"  and when i took my first bite, it was such a bite of frozen yogurt heaven. And after my first bite, I finally remembered why I love the whole frozen yogurt with fruit toppings so much.Yes, Red Mango doesn't give as much toppings as all the other self serve or non self serve frozen yogurt places. HOwever, the toppings they do give you are VERY fresh and VERY delicious.And now, I just hope the Red Mango in San Jose will open sooner. Cause if not, I perceive a weekly trip to Palo Alto this summer to go to Red Mango... damn, i'm going to be using a lot of gas... and shit, gas is expensive..And I know we shouldn't compare all of the frozen yogurt stores to PinkBerry and RedMango, but honestly, they are all trying to copy the phenomenom that these two chains started.. So we can only do nothing, but compare.PS. Red Mango is soooo worth the extra money that it costs than many of the other places. Thank you so much for coming to Norcal.
<review# 2202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2008,11/14/2008,676,1583,9,12,9>I usually go yum cha at The Kitchen a little on the other end of El Camino but my friends started going here instead.When my friends get together and have dim sum, it's like..yum cha with my second family, and we usually do it on sundays. I love it, and i love them.The pai gwut here is pretty darn good, not extremely salty like it can be (uhh New Asia in Chinatown, SF!) and the meat is tender, not super chewy. Chicken feet here is reeeeeeeeeeeally good! The meat just falls off all the little joints. Yup, I eat chicken feet. I am country ass Chinafolk, deal with it.Know what else is good here? The duck liver with the preserved veggie. They do it up much better than The Kitchen... The duck liver is cooked perfectly, not too hard and crunchy. Cherng fun is here also great, and I usually don't even LIKE cherng fun.I'm sad I didn't get to have shark fin dumpling soup. We ordered it, but it never came. Actually, it did but another table claimed it belonged to them and the waitress gave it away. WTF!? Oh well. It didn't show up on our bill so that's all that mattered.They ran out of almond tofu, so I had to have mango pudding. I liked how there was some carbonation on my tongue, but it was extremely creamy and milky not enough mango.
<review# 2203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2008,11/13/2008,570,972,4,5,6>Even with my hour long wait for the food, I have to say brown rice sushi is totally out of this world. The whole sushi experience is revolutionized by this place. Not only is it healthier, but its more fun and delicious than regular white rice sushi. The chirashi is definitely the dish to try here. The prices are surprisingly very reasonable and affordable for a Japanese restaurant. The place itself looks like one of those garages/shacks in the back of the yard so don't expect the typical elegant Japanese venue. Call in to order because the back log is quite crazy since brown rice sushi is going to be the next great trend. Contrast-collar shirt: check, Google Android: check, Brown Rice Sushi: hells yea baby.
<review# 2204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2008,11/12/2008,419,342,4,8,6>The boy and I haven't had any Indian food in what seemed like forever long. Possibly over two weeks!! We were craving some garlic naan soaked in chicken masala.We decided to drive down to Burlingame on a Tuesday evening to get our fix. After having a quick stroll down Burlingame Ave., we pranced two blocks down from the Apple store and arrived at Roti.My first impression: dang this place is clean. Where's the familiar thin coat of oil on the walls? What's this?? Peach colored wallpaper a la French bistros? Where am I? Are those WINE glasses to the right of our place settings?We quickly got over the unusual details of this Indian restaurant and ordered our food. We shared the Chicken Tikka Masala, Tandoori Murgh (deliciously marinated chicken), Saag Gosht (lamb w/ spinach), Garlic and Basil Naan, and Rice. Oh, and an extra order of Mango Chutney. Gotta have the mango chutney.We devoured everything.As usual :o)The service here was very attentive yet non-obtrusive. The food was fantastic. The decor- comfortable and clean. So any negatives?Yeah. Our bill came out to $75. So, as many other yelpers have warned, the only real complaint is the pricing. I hate to say this, but we could have ordered pretty much the same thing for about 12 bucks at Naan 'N Curry. Boo :p
<review# 2205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2008,11/11/2008,154,64,9,9,11>Yesterday, I was in search for something warm and comforting.  I had gone to several places in DT Redwood City but none struck the right feel for my tummy so I went walking around for a bit.  After several minutes of walking my tummy delivered me to Siciliano Ristorante Italiano.  I thought to myself, "Italian Food, hmmm?  Sure why not."  I went in and was amazed how big the place was inside and nicely decorated and was meet by the one of the owners.  He sat me down.  Within a few minutes I had gotten bread and water.  The bread was delicious, hard crispy outside with a moist soft inside.  Yummy!  I ordered the Fusilli Vulcano.  I figure it had sausage and red bell peppers which struck my interest and it came out right when I was about to finish my list two pieces of bread.  This dish was just what I was looking for - my tummy approved of it as well.   I give this place 4 stars for quick and friendly server, excellent bread and fresh pasta, and the environment was great.  I wouldn't mind going to eat lunch here again.
<review# 2206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2008,11/10/2008,372,150,14,12,16>This place has a spot-on name...I was actually dead for the past few days and just resuscitated.  I swear!Their brownies look sweet and innocent but when you'll less expect it, they'll grab you and your taste buds and make you melt till you're unconscious and then drown you to your death in a pool of unbelievable deliciousness.  Be aware!Mostly their Triple Chocolate Heaven, their most dangerous accomplice.But if I'm guaranteed Heaven if i eat their brownies, then let me walk the death row a happy woman.PS: Words like 'carbs', 'calories', 'nutritional info' will make no sense to you while indulging, so there is no point in checking before devouring.Now, give me one more brownie!!
<review# 2207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2008,11/9/2008,93,59,3,6,4>What first drew me to Copenhagen is not the same thing that has kept me going back for more. I was originally mesmerized by their beautiful bakery section - it looked so pretty and delicate, all of their perfect little European pastries lined up...so sad that they didn't taste as wonderful as they looked. One thing you should know - most of their pastries include marzipan, which is incredibly sweet (I like it!) but I know a lot of people who don't. Once you get past the marzipan overload, the pastries themselves are really quite dry and they taste a bit...old. Hard to describe, but they never taste fresh. There are some delicious exceptions though - I love, love, love their butter chocolate center cookies, and their famous Princess Cake is really amazing - layers of light yellow sponge cake, whipped cream, and raspberry jam, topped with a perfect dome of light green marzipan. But it's not the desserts that keep me coming back to Copenhagen - it's the dinner. You know when you walk in that this is a good restaurant, because it's full of older, frequent visitors - if it ain't broke, don't fix it. They start you off with a basket of fresh bread of all different kinds - dutch crunch, and these amazing little rolls with sesame, poppy, and sunflower seeds on top - so good. I have to tell you about the ridiculously killer appetizer of warm brie and sourdough - good God in heaven, it's so simple, but it's something you'll dream of long after you leave. A half round of sourdough covered in garlic butter, with a perfect round of oozy, melty brie placed right in the middle. They also serve it with pear slices, a perfect counter to the savory and salty cheese. When I took a friend here and introduced her to this appetizer, she called me the next morning on her way to work telling me how much she was craving it. Just thinking about it now makes me drool... :) As far as main courses go, they serve authentic German fare (amazing chicken schnitzel and frikadeller, and a beef stroganoff that is the best I've ever had) along with lighter classic dishes (a great chicken piccata, penne pasta with scallops and shrimp, and a killer margarita prawn salad). Quite frankly, I've never had anything at this restaurant that wasn't absolutely delicious. When I get the chance to choose a restaurant to dine at with friends, I'll usually choose Copenhagen. With all the restaurant choices on Burlingame Ave., you can always count on Copenhagen to deliver great comfort food in a warm setting.
<review# 2208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2008,11/8/2008,305,300,8,12,10>It's rare that a greasy spoon gets 4 stars in my book.  It was the 4th of July and what's more American than a good old , hearty breakfast?  The Depot Cafe is small, but cozy. The walls are plastered with photos of old trains.  There's a fireplace and the room is filled with wooden tables and chairs.  Pleasant, casual atmosphere with quiet charm.Service is sufficient and friendly, but a little rough around the edges.  It took a while for my water and I reminded her once or twice, but the food made up for it.I ordered the avocado, tomato, bacon and cream cheese omelette.  It was a rich, amazing combination that I just couldn't stop eating.  The presentation of the omelette was nothing spectacular - a giant omelette, bulging with filling, no fancy garnishes.  What was different was it tasted a lot better than it looked.  The tomatoes were cooked (which is unusual) and had just the right acidic contrast to the cream cheese.  The touch of avocado gave it almost a Spanish flavor with the cream cheese acting like sour cream.  The salty bacon was the finishing touch.  I got your standard English muffin (by the way it's included in the cost of the omelette) and Tom got the homestyle potatoes, which he loved.  Their potatoes are slightly fried and crispy as opposed to oven-baked, giving it a nice texture.I was thoroughly surprised at how delicious the omelette was.  Although the shell was dimpled and appeared overly cooked, it tasted like perfection.  I will definitely save my workout points to visit this place every now and again.
<review# 2209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2008,11/7/2008,194,184,3,11,12>This is my new default locale for great sandwiches.  Mike and Ken are actually brothers, and the father and uncle of the brothers that work the weekends...which is when I am typically in here.  I love their garlic dressing they spread on their sandwiches.  They're not stingy with any of the veggies and for less than 5 bucks!?!? OMG...simply amazing.  I always get mine toasted and have yet to be disappointed.The store also boasts its own special roasted coffees, some nice bottles of wine and of course, your assortment of chips and drinks.Go.Eat.Be Merry.
<review# 2210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2008,11/6/2008,493,463,12,12,13>I love you, 151 Boutique!  I do.  Can I send you flowers?  Or perhaps some fluffy Sibby's Cupcakes?  Because that's what I do when I'm in love ... ;)Seriously - this boutique is one of my new favorites!  I don't know how I've gone so long without uncovering this gem in downtown Los Altos.  I'll punish myself later.  But for now, I will just work the living heck outta my checkbook in this adorable, hip, fun & fabulous boutique!Anyone that knows me knows that my style is ... well .... my own!  Sometimes that can be a deterrent in certain shops or boutiques.  Not at 151!  This boutique is actually quite large - and full of awesome wares.  I found soo many hot little swing dresses, flouncy & flirty tops and a shockingly flattering pair of denim leggings - Prairie Underground designer denim leggings to be exact.  Yelp, I said it Y'all.  Denim leggings.  Hot. Hot. Hot.I walked out with the cutest and most hip page-boy cap (in fact you'll see me workin' it in one of the Fashion Show pics) - love it!!!  And oh don't you worry, I'll be back ASAP to shop. shop. shop."Hello Wamu.  What's the credit line on my account?"
<review# 2211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,10/9/2012,656,1338,6,18,11>I'm really surprised there aren't more reviews for this place. It's one of the best restaurants I've been to on the peninsula.The chef was previously at Marche, and his fine dining experience shows in the menu.I started with the  tombo tuna crudo. It was cut beautifully, and all the flavors on the plate worked really well together.It's a light and fresh dish, and shows off some of the produce currently in season, (as does the rest of the menu.)I love that there is variety on the menu without it being too large. There's a few pizzas, a few pastas, and some very interesting sounding main entrees. There's a good choice of proteins, and vegetarian dishes as well. There are several dishes i want to try in the future.We shared a margherita pizza and the housemade bucatini marinara. Did i mention all the pastas are made in house? I rarely order pasta when dining out,the only time i will is if there's something unique about it. The pasta here was AMAZING. The sauce was perfect, not too tart, and with lots of big chunks of tomato. I'm super picky when it comes to sauce too (because it's really easy to make a delicious one at home), and I loved this one.The portions are the perfect size, and prices are shockingly reasonable for the quality of ingredients and the level of cooking coming out of the kitchen.There's also a full bar, and drinks are well made and not over priced.Service could use a little work, but they are new and i cut a lot of slack for that.This is such a fantastic new spot, I highly recommend it to everyone.
<review# 2212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,10/8/2012,286,975,7,12,6>You have not had a salade nicoise until you've eaten here.Often, french bistros can be hard for vegetarians or even pescatarians to find something to eat.  But here, both the salade nicoise and the salmon burger were spectacular choices.  The salad had the perfect mix of ingredients; the fresh, perfectly done tuna was amazing, but so were the olives and the avocados and the potatoes... So many unique, delicious, unexpected things that mixed together amazingly.  My fiance's salmon burger was fantastic as well, and came with surprise avocados!  The best kind of surprise.
<review# 2213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2012,10/7/2012,562,1006,8,8,7>Best Italian I've had in the bay area so far.  I've had this place bookmarked for awhile and we finally made it here for dinner a couple weeks ago.   We've been to a lot of good Italian places in the area, but this one blew them all out of the water.We started with a buffalo mozarella app ($11, yelp.com/biz_photos/-ddX).  I'm very picky about buffalo mozz, but this was absolutely phenomenal.  My only complaint was that while the appetizer portion was reasonable, the actual amount of mozz was on the small side.  For our entrees, I had the flounder (I think it was around $22, yelp.com/biz_photos/-ddX).  This was excellent.  Flounder is not my favorite fish and can be very boring, but this was breaded and sauteed, so it had a rich flavor and crispy finish.  It was topped with a mixture of olives and roasted cherry tomatoes and served alongside a pea and quinoa cake, which doesn't sound that exciting but was incredibly delicious.  It was one of the best fish dishes I've had in a long time.   My fiance had the three meat ravioli ($16, yelp.com/biz_photos/-ddX) which he loved, although we both felt the portion was a bit small.For dessert, I had the warm chocolate hazelnut cake ($9, yelp.com/biz_photos/-ddX).   I was a little hestitant because often "warm" does not mean molten, but this was a true molten lava cake.  It had an incredibly rich dark chocolate flavor and was served with perfect vanilla bean gelato.   I did not get much hazelnut flavor from the cake though, which I didnt' consider a huge loss, since I'm not the biggest hazelnut fan (with the exception of nutella).The entree prices are very reasonable ($15-$18 for pastas and low to mid $20s for entrees, which is pretty much the going rate for a nicer restaurant around here).  I think the apps and desserts are a tad pricey but not unjustifably so, given the quality of the food.  We will definitely come back here in the future.  I think its worth the drive from surrounding cities, as its certainly better than any Italian restaurant I've visited in Palo Alto or Menlo Park.
<review# 2214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,10/6/2012,160,484,8,12,8>Honestly, I don't know how in the world you could not give this place five stars. Rancho is BOMB and my favorite workout place. It's close by, the variety of trails offer you pretty much any level of workout that you're feeling. The trails have shade which is a luxury that a lot of trails don't offer. The only slight downside is how freaking popular it is and the inability to find parking if you come past 8 a.m. on the weekends, but honestly, parking here is an art that you just learn to master if you come a lot.I usually come to take the PG&E trail. The shorter trails--Wildcat Loop for instance, are really popular and kid-friendly which is awesome. There's also a gorgeous vista point that you can hit after going through a couple of switchbacks. PG&E is the best because of a) how lengthy it is and how you can brag about how you've hiked eight miles in the morning so you can feel mega healthy and productive b) the wonderful amounts of shade scattered throughout the path. Sure the hard ascents are in the sun, but right after you get past them, you're rewarded with lovely shade and a dose of nature (flies love sweat unfortunately)But seriously. Also there're much less people on PG&E. The other half of Rancho tends to be flooded with a lot of adorable little kids which are great, but also really noisy, and I like the whole peaceful scene that I get with nature when I'm hiking. You see a lot of couples/friends/groups and stuff but it's much much better than the chaos at Deer Hollow Farm. They've recently (finally!) opened up the connecting trail to Black Mountain. It's terrifying to hike though since the soil is still very slippery and stuff with a steep incline, so you've got to be super careful. It's definitely a trek before it links onto the main Black Mountain trail, but just bring some water and you'll be fine. It unfortunately does not allow you to avoid the hell of Black Mountain's last mile... but no pain no gain right?Whether you're a beginner or a pro, Rancho's got every level covered.tldr; LOVE rancho. come come come! parking sucks, but it's an acquired skill, not luck. don't listen to the haters.
<review# 2215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,10/5/2012,1533,1062,18,24,22>Town of Dumpling..are you the littlest sister of SF's Kingdom of Dumpling?  I sense it, I so do, you can't fool me!!  I know that they have a restaurant in SF, so they must be tied to KoD.  If so, I love Kingdom of Dumpling & Dumpling Kitchen in SF so I knew I would love Town of Dumpling.  Only a few of the dumplings are made fresh however, so, ask, but I believe usually it's the pork & chive dumpling.  First time I went we shared the pork & chive dumpling, I ordered the cold beef noodle and my dad had the special sauce noodle.  The dumplings were plump and filled nicely and the wrapper's thickness was just perfect.  The cold beef noodles were the perfect dish for a hot day.  It came with plenty of noodles, carrots, cucumbers and beef shank slices along with a light sauce..possibly sesame sauce.  The special sauce noodle's sauce taste somewhat similar.  This noodle dish is served hot with plenty of veggies, egg and some meat.  I've also had some of their dinner dishes to go: the grilled chicken fried rice, mongolian beef, string beans and salt and pepper chicken wings.  All of them were solid and the string beans had the perfect texture, it has been hard finding a restaurant that cooks them right!  Beware the Mongolian beef is actually pretty hot.  The grilled chicken fried rice is different, but still tastes good & seems to be healthier than the normal fried rice at most restaurants.  Their menu isn't as extensive as some other Chinese restaurants, but the food is good and not as greasy as most.  Town of Dumpling is what the neighborhood needed.
<review# 2216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2012,10/4/2012,181,676,1,8,9>The Hillsborough Concours d'Elegance is an annual car show for all types of super fancy classic cars.  Lots of cool classics to see on a gorgeous Sunday afternoon in August.  Many brands were well-represented there, including some very rare and very old brands.  There were the usual collections of Rolls-Royces and Bentleys, Chevys, Fords, and Shelbys, Ferraris and Alfas, Jaguars, etc.  Among the more rare specimens, there was an Iso Grifo, a Lambo 350GT, a Talbot-Lago, a V16 Cadillac, Packards, Studebakers, and lots more.It took place this year at the Crystal Springs Golf Course.  There was plenty of free parking to be had across the freeway, and shuttles were running back and forth regularly.  You could wander all around the cars and peer inside the windows, chat with the owners, and listen to them start the engines and watch them drive away... all very cool.  The winners in each class and overall winners all got to drive down the red carpet and were presented with their awards (by a few 49ers' Gold Rush Girls), and there were small grandstands for the crowds to watch the cars drive past.  It was definitely a lot of fun to admire not just the magnificent creations from the past, but the work that had gone into restoring and maintaining some of these ancient machines.  The only downside was the $30 admission fee.  At least the proceeds are supposedly going to benefit various local charities...
<review# 2217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,10/3/2012,44,152,3,4,3>Food:  We had the garlic naan, onion kulcha, chicken tikka masala, and the malai kofta.  The malai kofta was SUPERB.  Now, I've tried a lot of Indian places and by no means an expert on whether or not it was authentic, but it was a great dish.  The sauce was flavorful and the veggie balls had good texture (you can see the carrots and lentils or potatoes, etc, so it's not just some sort of mushball of who knows what).  The chicken tikka masala was ok.  The sauce was more tomato-ey and red than usual - perhaps they need more cumin to help with the flavor and make it more orange in color? The naan was good, soft.  I agree it's better that it's not dripping in oil.The tamarind sauce that they bring you initially was good.It was nice they also gave us complimentary kheer at the end.I agree the portions are a tad small, but it's like this in many Indian places.  Honestly after the naan, the entree, and the complimentary kheer, I was about to burst anyway so it was definitely enough for me.Ambience: it's very nicely decorated, good colorations and decorations.Service: they refilled our water several times (although there weren't that many of us there), and checked on us a few times.  They seemed like nice people.It looks like half their business is take-out.I'll be back for the malai kofta and to try some of their other dishes!
<review# 2218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,10/2/2012,674,373,13,15,15>That's right !!!  5 stars in my book!!!  This is the place I go to for  french macarons here in south bay.....my favorite flavors?  cafe and pistachio.. The place is charming..tables inside and outside the bakery..besides cake and pastries ..they also serve coffee and other beverages.  Service is excellent!Their goods need to be enjoyed immediately =)
<review# 2219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,9/30/2012,1175,863,22,20,20>How freaking cute is this beach, anyway?!Lots of exploration potential....tidepools, pebbles, sea life.  Parking can be a pain in the nuts on busy weekend days, so it's best to arrive early.  $8 parking fee.  But don't bitch about it, that helps support our state parks!  :)They even put in a toilet.  No peeing in the sand, people!!
<review# 2220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,9/29/2012,219,140,5,7,7>Have YOU ever tasted a $30 bottle of... beer?  I hadn't either.  That is, until I visited Grape & Grain (with a friend that enjoys splurging on decadent alcohol).  Wow, let me tell you... that was definitely not your everyday PBR.  Just like how Grape & Grain is not your everyday bar.This is one of the reasons why I love Grape & Grain.  A few more are:- CHILL.  Chillest, in fact.  The vibe, that is.  The beer was too, I suppose.  No loud, obnoxious drunkies.  No blaring music.  No need to scream.  Just... chill.- SELECTION.  There's a lot.  Yep.- COOL PEEPS.  Owners are hella cool.  Down to earth.  Know their shiizznit.- LOCATION.  Ok, so it's not right in the heart of downtown SM, but it's a short walk (few blocks).  Parking is easy.  Walking/stumbling distance from my house...For a nice, laid-back evening, hit up Grape & Grain.  Forrealz.
<review# 2221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,8/1/2014,149,151,3,7,5>Update - A little over two weeks later, my nails haven't chipped yet :)______________________________________I wanted to get my nails done for an upcoming trip, so I opted to try shellac so it would last the full 2 weeks.  I did a little research of the nail salon's around the area and decided to give this  place a try because they had the cheapest shellac, best reviews (compared to the other locations), and most importantly, were open later than the other salons.  I arrived a little after 6pm and there were only 4 other people in the salon, which was great because I didn't have to wait in line.  They have a great selection of shellac colors and spent an hour on my nails since it wasn't busy.  Pros: - $20 shellac.  Where are you going to find a better deal? - If you go on a weeknight or any other downtime, they will spend more time on your nails - Wide selection of shellac colors.  They had 8-10 pallets with 10 colors each. - Kim is great.  We spent the whole hour chatting and it did not feel awkward or forced.  She also did a great job with my shellac and was very careful when cutting my cuticles Cons: - The only reason im not giving this place a 5 star is because they're not very good at scheduling appointments.  I called the day before to inquire about the price.  The person that picked up the phone asked if I wanted to come in that evening.  I said yes and she said great, and hung up.  Did not take my name or number.
<review# 2222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,7/31/2014,216,293,5,9,8>A great spot for a quick lunch. I had their Niman Ranch minced pork stew over rice, Bento A. The pork was tender and the right amount of "stew juice" to keep the rice moist. I didn't get the slices of salted side pork, instead I got some pickle slices with a hard boiled tea egg; they tasted fine. There were additional cucumber pickles and a Japanese style stewed daikon on the side. Both sides were very tasty. Just right for lunch, enough food for the money. Satisfying.
<review# 2223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,7/30/2014,6,104,2,3,2>By far the BEST sandwich I have ever had!!!  I grew up coming here, very nice family shop. What makes their sandwichs' so great is the garlic sauce they use. Remember it's cash only. Also they are huge giants fans which make this place even better!  Usually there is a line out the door but they are so quick I would stick it out. If your in a hurry call ahead. I moved to Campbell a year ago for work so my ONLY problem is that they don't have a location in the southbay!!!! I drive the 45 min as often as I can to get these sandwiches. If you have not tried them already, you NEED to give it a shot! You will fall in love. No sandwich compares
<review# 2224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2014,7/29/2014,61,91,6,8,5>I absolutely adore this place for multiple reasons:1) Ambiance: indoors this place has a casual feel to it with wood floors and paneling everywhere. But my favorite thing to do is eat at the outside seating of this restaurant on a sunny day. The location in downtown Redwood City next to the movie theater and World Market make it a nice place to relax and grab a cheap bite to eat. 2) Service: The service here has always been great. It's usually an Asian lady who greets and takes my order. She is super tiny and super nice. Adorbs.3) FOOD!: Okay, this is obviously why I come. The food here is cooked to PERFECTION. I am very particular about my fish (esp when it's grilled) as it is very easy to dry out and lose all tenderness. This chef here has it down to an art. I have NEVER received any piece of food remotely dry and it's always cooked and seasoned to PERFECTION. I couldn't make fish this juicy if I watched the grill like a hawk. The chef is amazing. And EVERYTHING off this grill tastes similarly incredible. The grilled zucchini, grilled short ribs, salmon, *salivates*. I have tried to recreate his grilled zucchini at home but I feel like his just has some extra oomph to it. Will never figure out what that is....Although its called Fish's Wild and looks super American, there are some dishes here that tend to show the asian influence in the restaurant (i.e. the grilled short ribs is obvi kalbi but they don't call it that).  For me, it's a close place to get my kalbi fix without having to make the drive all the way down to San Jose (and yes, it's just as good/better than some of the Korean places down there).I had to knock one star if it wasn't for the current change in food portions. Mind you, their portions are good and you get a big piece of filet with 2 pieces of grilled zucchini should you order those items (my regulars). But I don't know if it's in order to keep costs down or what but they used to give me TWO pieces of filet and FOUR pieces of grilled zucchini with my order. I would always be stuffed and have to take food home in a box.  Now I just eat everything. When stuff like this happens and the price stays the same it just makes me sad because I know how it used to be.  Regardless, I'm convinced there's crack in the food because I just keep coming back anyway. I might actually order from them online right now......
<review# 2225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,7/28/2014,98,425,7,8,6>I was a little skeptical about Yam Leaf because I like meat and this place is strictly vegetarian.  After reading the many great reviews I decided heck why not give it a shot.  Went with the combo plate, which consisted of a bean and squash pupusa and yucca.  The pupusa is really delicious and flavorful.  Pretty simple stuffed with jack cheese, pinto bean, and sliced squash.  The corn pupusa is cooked crispy on the outside.  It's literally a bite of cheesy gooey yumminess!The fried yucca is also really good but kind of bland.  Fried to perfection and topped with salsa.  Not bad yucca, but it was a lil bland.  How can you go wrong with fried food anyways?  Pinto beans and side of rice are really tasty as well.  All in all a great lunch, i only wish the pupusa was larger to fulfill my big appetite!  Interior is pretty simple and plainly decorated, also very small.  The chairs are incredibly uncomfortable, especially the wood ones with no cushion.
<review# 2226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,7/27/2014,55,348,5,16,8>I had my wedding here for about 120 guests in March of 2014. This is an absolutely stunning place to host a wedding reception, especially for those of you who want to have it on the Peninsula and not have to go to the city, but still have an elegant location. I really love this place because the Redwood Hall is so unique and full of character -- it is nothing like a boring hotel ballroom. We had our cocktail hour outside with the animals, which was great for guests -- what better conversation starter than checking out some furry animals while you drink? The staff here were easy to work with, responsive, and really worked hard to make our wedding day special.
<review# 2227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,7/26/2014,286,975,10,11,8>Easily the best (and most authentic) Chicago deep dish in the area. This was our first choice for how to break Passover, and it was a great one. Being vegetarians, we always order a half-Blue Line and half-vegetarian pie. I like the vegetarian more, my fiance likes the Blue Line more, but we both love both of them! For the two of us, we like to order the larger size because the leftovers are killer... plus NPR says we should!npr.org/blogs/money/2014The one thing I wish they did was to let you call in your order if you make a reservation... but right now, they don't allow either reservations or preordering. Until then, come with fun party games to pass the half hour it takes for your deep dish to bake! This location is also hella loud, so for date night, plan to sit outside or choose somewhere else!
<review# 2228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,7/25/2014,93,917,3,6,4>Another stellar happy hour in Mountain View! If you're looking to get your Japanese grub on with your crew, then Bushido is definitely a recommended option!We started with $2 hot sake...although if you have a wine or cocktail preference, there's plenty on the happy hour menu to select from.On to the bites - everything looked awesome, so we were pretty much all of the menu! From the happy hour menu, we ordered:- one each of the vegetable yakitori skewers (essentially veggie kabobs)- alternative rock 'n roll  (vegetarian roll)- dynamite skewers (roll)- spicy tuna roll- edamame hummus w/yam and potato crispsDon't miss the edamame hummus - it's an awesome way to start your meal, and the crisps are a bowl full of crispy addictiveness. That, and the dynamite skewers, which actually were deep fried rolls, were so so tasty! The alternative rock 'n roll was also a great option for veggie eaters.We did venture off and order the mushroom fried rice from the regular menu....and I'm so glad we did! It was marvelous and filled with tons of delicious wild mushrooms. A MUST for any mushroom lover.The ambiance is cute and cozy for a sushi place, which we enjoyed. Definitely a great post-work spot.
<review# 2229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,7/24/2014,153,133,8,10,7>Massages are a lot like dating; finding someone you are compatible with is tough! Difficulties making your schedules meet, too expensive...too cheap, too much pressure or not enough, too high end...or too scary! Finding the one that "Rubs you just Right" (pun intended) can be down right frustrating. I took advantage of a great Check In deal at Mind of Beauty and finally met my match.The staff is very friendly and warm, the private massage rooms are clean and nicely appointed, the table and massage oil are heated and the massage is great (Annie is my go to masseuse). Scheduling has been a breeze and I've always started and ended on-time. No language barrier and no noise (aka very loud Chinese speakers in the hallway).Already looking forward to my next visit!Cheers!
<review# 2230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,7/23/2014,116,239,6,10,6>When my husband first told me about this place, I was skeptical. Why? Because he was telling me that an optometry store had an awesome dessert bar (cupcakes from Sibby's, frozen yogurt, ice cream, and even MILK TEA!). Like other reviewers pointed out, it's an odd combination (first I've heard). But since then, we've been coming here off and on (it's been a few years now) and their desserts do not disappoint. Everything is high end, quality stuff that's absolutely delicious. It's not cheap though, but you really get what you pay for. The employees who have helped us have always been courteous, patient, and very kind. I love that they also participated in the Downtown San Mateo Trick or Treating Event for Kids in 2013. Their milk tea is really good - hands down better than ShareTea and TPumps. If you need glasses, they have an awesome selection (I was browsing while waiting for them to make my milk tea).
<review# 2231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2008,4/14/2008,106,181,2,10,8>The woman is a miracle worker. I walked out of that shop with the brows I always wanted but never thought I would have.  Men, and even some women, may think the perfect arch is the simple pluck of a couple stray hairs but it is not easy to create the shape that compliments your face, especially after the occasional over-plucking incidences.  The shape of your brows does make a difference, a huge difference, to the presentation of your face. This is why Christina is more than just a waxer.  She is an artist.  With a quick appraisal of your features she applies the wax without hesitation.  I would have liked a bit more consultation about the arch I wanted but I suppose a person's face does lend to one shape.  She waxes, she pulls, she plucks and she trims.  Christina then fills in the brows and applies makeup to the skin she has waxed to cover the tell tale redness.  When you see your new brows for the first time, you look like a totally different person (in a really subtle way).  It's amazing. As though the brow shaping weren't enough, the barely-there lingerie, costume jewelry and unique purses scattered around the boutique add to my love of Bombshell.
<review# 2232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2008,4/13/2008,733,936,2,10,8>The girl and I slept in Sunday morning and were craving a light breakfast.  After perusing Yelp, I decided on crepes.  There aren't a lot of great crepe places in the Bay Area, but we decided to give Bistro Maxine a shot.This place is just off of the main street in Palo Alto.  I've been down this street many times but always passed this place by.  It's a quaint place that's very small and only holds about 12-15 people.  The menu is simple and is in both French and English.  We passed over the sweet crepes and got two savory crepes.It wasn't on the menu but the girl got a mushroom and brie crepe.  I got the smoked salmon (saumon) crepe.  Both were FANTASTIC.  The crepes were light and slightly sweet and were filled with just the right amount of filling.  Each crepe came with a small house salad with vinaigrette on the side.  We shared each others' dishes and we ate every last morsel.  The girl finished the meal off with a huge cup o' latte.The service was excellent and the food came out quickly.  We were in and out on a drizzly Sunday early afternoon within 45 minutes.  The place was pretty much packed the entire time even at 3pm.  In the middle of our meal, a heavyset French woman came in with a skinny man.  They were both around their 60s, I'd say.  Near the end of her meal, the woman complimented the server on how authentic and delicious the food was.  Her stentorian yet saccharine voice could not disguise a heavy French accent that was heard throughout the little restaurant.  It almost seemed contrived, but it was too funny and awkward not to be genuine.We are definitely coming again.  Very soon.  Man I can't wait.
<review# 2233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2008,4/12/2008,352,193,1,6,4>It felt like my workplace ordered 50+  pizzas (there were stacks and stacks and more stacks) for an all-hands meeting--now, for a company to order that many pizzas, the place has got to have a GREAT reputation of being really really really good.  There were 10+ pizzas left after the "party" but it was an hour long pizza fest and everyone seemed to be eating pizza like mad.  The crust was thin, the toppings were excellent with a rich flavor of cheese.  You could smell the mozzarella. I shamelessly had 4 slices np!  My favorite one was the beautiful thing with balls of mozzarella on top.  I've never had anything that heavenly or special.They have every flavor of pizza available and everyone got the slices they wanted.  Variety is good.I was happy for the rest of the day even though I had to go back to work after the meeting.The pizza made me want to attend another all-hands real soon.  I usually hate these things, but the pizza made it a real social event.
<review# 2234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2008,4/10/2008,160,154,8,8,7>I hate crowds - and I definitely hate the crowd at Suruki around the 6:30pm hour - people fighting over 1/2 off bento boxes and sushi? HOW OLD ARE YOU!?! CIVILIZED...they are not.I like to shop with no stress, roam the aisles without feeling like someone is going to cut infront of me for....say shabu meat. We'll if you step in here at 6:15, the areas around the sushi and bento boxes are already packed 3-4 deep for when the bell strikes 6:30 where mass congestions and fight for the "spicy tuna rolls" begin. Personally, by that time of day, the rice has become hard and the fish not so fresh so I prefer not to eat it anyways!What is good here, is regular priced fresh cut sashimi, the variety of black pork, and shabu meat cuts, the super clean asian vegetables, the wide aray of ramen, toiletry products, BEEER, and miso. Yes, there's Ranch 99 but for the hard to find Japanese items, this is the place! Definitely come here for the fresh meats - especially Black Pork anything.
<review# 2235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2008,4/8/2008,249,513,10,15,14>better than broadway prime, but not as good as house of prime rib. so it's really 3.5 stars.let's start with the pros:- the restaurant itself is beautiful and well decorated- convenient location and parking is manageable- prices are reasonable and a few dollars cheaper than hopr- they offer a choice of TWO sides and the selection of sides are more varietal than hopr or broadway prime- they have some pretty good steak knives- booths and tables are very comfortable- spacious restaurant with an upstairs room for casual dining or even private parties- the beef is of above average quality- house salad tastes just like the one from hopr...just a bit more sour- the popover yorkshire puddings are served piping hot. and they DON'T put in right in your au jus when they serve it to you...thank you for saving me from the sogginess!and here come the cons which can easily be remediated:- their cornbread comes in a warm cube but is DRY as hell. almost as if they forgot to break an egg in the jiffy mix- their normal bread is served room temperature...not warm- the sauteed spinach is too peppery...lay off the last few twists on that pepper corn cracker- they need to buff up on making good desserts. the warm bread pudding was dry and far too sweet. you could still see the large chunks of bread which haven't thoroughly soaked up the custard. also they tell you to check with your waiter for ice cream and sorbet flavors. but they only have vanilla and chocolate ice cream...and no sorbets...overall, more pros than cons. service was average and the bus staff seemed too eager to clear away our plates. nonetheless, a decent place to dine and get your dose of "carnivorism".
<review# 2236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2008,4/7/2008,493,463,9,12,11>We, the proud parents of our lovable, happy, energetic pups will go to great lengths to ensure that our best friends are always cared for, loved with all our might and never in pain.  And sometimes this last part brings us to Vet specialists, and for me & Sadie, this time to Vet Vision.  Well, my little Sadie isn't always the brightest pup in the park... She likes to scratch up on trees and bushes with long straggling twigs.  This I get.  She wants a good 'ole fashioned back scratch.  Who doesn't!  What I don't get is while she is enjoying this back scratch amidst the twigs, she leaves her eyes open ... Seriously, Sadie?  Come on!  She managed to scratch her eyeball.  Poor thing!  I rush her to her regular veterinarian, Dr Cortesi (review to follow), and they give her the exam and send us off with some good meds.  This should clear up her surface scratch.  Well, sometimes the eyeball is an ornery thing and it requires more work ...Two weeks after the initial scratch her eye still wasn't healing.  She was looking like my one-eyed wonder.  Poor thing was constantly blinking - her eye was watering.  It was obviously not healing properly.  We were referred to  Dr. Szymanski at Vet Vision to make sure the cut hadn't gotten worse, wasn't infected, etc.  Granted this sort of a vet visit is going to be last on the list of events Sadie would like to be doing.  However, from the time we walked in to the time we left, the entire office was very catering, gentle, informative and loving of my poor little injured Sadie.Dr. Szymanski walked us through the entire exam while she was inspecting both of Sadie's eyes.  She confirmed that it is not infected, still just a surface scratch but Sadie needed to have some dead cells removed in order to heal her eye properly.  She made sure that Sadie's eye was fully numbed, and that she was never in pain or anxious during any part of the procedure.  This makes this overly doting Mommy very, very happy!All in all this was a relatively painless experience that will hopefully have Sadie on the fast road to recovery.The total bill came to $120 for the exam of both eyes and some pain pills.  Pricey, yes.  Worth it, absolutely!
<review# 2237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2008,4/6/2008,311,365,12,10,9>Shabu over this way, baby!What's this? A Japanese way to hot pot?Nuh uh fool, it's Shabu! It says on this menu that Shabu means "swish-swish" in Japanese. Because you swish your food in this pot.Ohhhh, my baaad. Here I was gonna try to be all ghetto and just dump it all in there!Okay, let's me show you what's up. They're gonna give you two choices: a regular or large plate of Kobe beef. There are also some other shrimp, dumpling and veggie options, but ignore those. You've got two sauces - one vinegar soy and one sesame. Those are for dipping.Uh huh, okay dipping. I got that.They're going to give you a plate of veggies, tofu, udon, and three dinky spinach leaves first ... don't go throwing them all in the pot at once.Serious? But I'm huuuuunnngrrrrryyyy. Me so hungeeeeee. *Pathetic face*Be patient! Wait until you get your rice and meat, and THEN go at it. Repeat after me - SWISH, DUNK, EAT.SWISH, DUNK, EAT. Yo, what's this strainer thing? It looks like a hot pot strainer .....No no no!!!! Don't use it to fish out your food! That's a FAT STRAINER!Whoops. Hahahahahahaha. Zall good, no one noticed! And guess what? IT'S STILL GOOD!*Shakes head* You .... are ..... hopeless.
<review# 2238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2008,4/5/2008,373,308,11,6,7>There was apparently a mini Stanford MBA gathering here last night, and while chatting with one of the attendees I spotted a wad of cash on the sticky, dirty floor.Me: Hey look there's money on the floor.Her: Ooh you should pick it up.Me: Um..no.Her: Oh don't be a baby *picks it up*Me: Oh I can't believe you just did that...how much is in there?Her: *counts three 5's and a 1* $16--here take it.Me: What? No...Wait, $16 you say?Her: Yeah here it is.Me: What do I look like to you, NPR?Her: Sure you look like you could use it.Me: *confused* Okay, let's split it though.Her: But you can't.Me: *computes math in head* Oh fine, here's 5, get yourself another Bud Light (the drink of choice for Stanford MBAs apparently)Her: Okay you buy yourself a new shirt with the rest.Me: o__O**If that doesn't earn 4 stars in itself I don't know what does.  Throw in a relatively nice sized dance floor and a nice energetic crowd and it earns that extra star.Come in here with lowered expectations (it is Polly freakin' Alto after all) and it makes for a fun Friday night.**conversation may not have been as interesting as remembered
<review# 2239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2008,4/4/2008,554,362,16,16,17>Some of the most stressful things in life:1) Relocating2) Starting a new job3) Getting married4) Living with your inlaws5) Buying a house6) Taking care of a critically ill person7) Having a baby8) DivorceNow, let's see:Number 1.... check!Number 2.... check!Number 3.... check!Uh-oh.  I got 3 on the list already.  Not a good start.  And, I'm doing them all at the same time!  Yikes!  Time to relieve some stress.  What's the best way to do that, you ask?  Take a few days off from work?  Nope.  Go on vacation?  Uh-Uh.  Go for a spa treatment?  Think again. No.  We decided the best way to do that was have some fun and go look for a house!!  I mean, who doesn't like searching the web on your spare time for houses?  Or, driving around the city aimlessly looking for the realtor signs?  Or, better yet, picking up those real estate magazines at your local Safeway!!!  Woohoo! Hmmm.... on 2nd thought, that sounds pretty stressful.  I wonder why that's not on the list.  Oh wait.......... Damn it!  There it is!Well, since we're going to want to buy a house sooner or later, might as well start looking.  I mean, what else are we going to do between yelling at the photographer and deciding if we want lilies or lilies (my wife gives me good choices, huh?).  Anyway, we were referred by our good friends, Ellice S. and her husband, to go see Clara.  That was the 2nd best advice they have given us (having us try V. Sattui dessert wine was the 1st!  Yum-O)!Anyway, Clara made our house buying experience as painless as possible.  She started off by adding us to her mailing list.  Basically, we gave her the details of what we were looking for and when a house came into the market with those specs, it was e-mailed to us.  This was useful to us, too, because it kept all of these houses in our own personal list and we could look at them and compare.  Next, she took us to any of the houses we wanted to look at.  We looked at a few houses before we actually found a house that we wanted to bid on.  When we made our offer, she went over all the paperwork with us with a fine-tooth comb.  As new home buyers, we were very green in regards to how all this works.  She answered all of our 1 bajillion questions!  Well, fortunately for us, we were outbid.  Yes, that's right.  I said "fortunately."  After being disappointed about being outbid, she helped us find an even better house, in a better neighborhood!  She pretty much handled all the negotiating and made it very easy for us.  Yes, I know what you're saying, "this is all standard stuff for any realtor," right?  Wrong!  Not only did she treat us as a friend during this whole process, she did even more for us after the house was sold.  Since she knew we were planning our wedding, she helped us set up the fumigation appointment, helped us set up utilities, met with the carpet guys, etc.  It's hard to find realtors like that.  Usually, it's "oh yes, I got my commission, NEXT!"  But, I never got that impression with Clara.  In fact, we still see each other from time to time.In summation (Yes, I know that was a long review), Clara was not only very professional, but very accommodating.  I guarantee you that when I win my $113 million in the Megamillions lottery, I will use her to buy my new house in Los Gatos.  Oh wait, that might not be enough.  I guess I'll stick with Campbell.P.S.  We're doing #4 and #7 now!  Yes, I had to make sure #7 happened.  Otherwise, we'd be getting a #8!
<review# 2240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2007,4/3/2008,116,160,2,11,6>Caveat: my wedding is not until next year.  This review is based on my interactions with the people at Thomas John Events, and on our tasting.HOLY CRAP.  I am AMAZED by these people.  We have been working with Dana Miller to plan our wedding, and we couldn't be happier.  She is incredibly professional, intelligent, kind and fun.  We were impressed from the very beginning, when we met with Dana for a 2 hour initial consultation.  We went over everything from the types of food we like/dislike and what we want our wedding to look like to the types of linens/dishes we could afford.  She came back a week later with a 10-page, highly detailed proposal that knocked our socks off.  The chef had created a completely custom menu for us, and their price was within our range.Then came the tasting.  Fantastic.  They actually CAME to our HOUSE and catered a dinner with our wedding menu for us and 6 of our family and friends.  The food was fantastic.  Fresh, wonderful, and BEAUTIFULLY presented.  I was SO impressed, both by the food and by their service.  All of our guests were impressed as well.  We are all really excited for the wedding.I think TJE is this affordable because they're just starting out, because their service and food is worth far more than the price they charge for it.  Although Thomas John has been in the catering business for over a decade, his company is a baby compared to others in the biz (I think they've been in business for around 2 years, but I could be wrong).  This would have made me nervous, except that TJE was recommended to me by someone on theknot.com, and all of their references were thrilled with the service and food they received (yes, I called every single one of them.  I am very thorough!).I am SO excited for my wedding!  TJE is going to make it one-of-a-kind.EDIT: WHOA, this was my 100th review!!!
<review# 2241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2012,11/19/2012,44,150,2,5,2>This is tandem with my Pockets review, since I ordered from both the bar and the grill (yes, they are in separate parts of the building). I'm happy to report that this place serves my favorite cider, Wyder's Pear Cider. That made me one happy girl after playing dodgeball on Saturday! They've got great prices on their brews, and the bartender had no problem bringing me my drink in the grill part of the building when he got busy. I dig it.
<review# 2242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2012,11/18/2012,376,293,2,3,2>A banh mi place in Burlingame? I was ecstatic to find this place and had to try it.I ordered the ham combo (dac biet) and it came with a fried imperial roll and milk tea boba.  I upgraded to an avocado shake for a buck fiddy more.  The banh mi was very tasty and filled pretty fatty with veggies and meat.  Savory, crunchy and filling!  The imperial roll was piping hot and delicious.  Avocado shake was ok.Total was about $13. Yes that's pretty steep for Vietnamese banh mi but I guess it's normal considering it's Burlingame where people are used to overpaying and rent is high!  I would come back if I had a craving for banh mi and didn't wanna drive into the city or San Jose!Overall it's a small, quaint mom and pop I wouldn't mind supporting every now and then!
<review# 2243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2012,11/17/2012,751,680,17,33,21>A couple of months back, my oldest daughter just got back from camp, and one of the first things she wanted to do was to find her iTouch, plug in her earphones, and listen to some of her tunes.  When she found her iTouch in her room, the screen had a crack going from one corner to the opposite one.We didn't touch it, but we asked someone who might have.  Our youngest likes playing games on her sister's iTouch, and when we asked her if she knew what happened, she just looked down on the floor.Well, what's done was done, so I went about to see what my options were to have the screen replaced.  I started with the Apple web site, and they were quoting $90 to replace the screen, and I would need to send it in.Next, I searched on Yelp for local repair shops.  I called a couple of them, but either they didn't answer, or they were too busy.  When I called Mobile Kangaroo, the person on the other line gave me a good quote for repair, and also said that if I came in within the hour, he could replace the screen while I waited.Hopped in the car, made it down to the store.  I guy who answered my call met me at the front desk, and got to work on my iTouch.Half hour later, it was good as new.  All was well in the Steve L. household.There's a good reason why there's some good reviews on Yelp.  The repair prices are reasonable, and great customer service.So if you happen to have your new iPhone or iTouch in your back pocket, and unintentionally did a butt-dial and cracked the screen while sitting down, keep this place in mind for repairs.Highly recommended!
<review# 2244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2012,11/16/2012,364,464,,8,2>The energy at Solstice is warm and welcoming. I decided to give them a shot after reading several positive yelp reviews.I got an appointment with Jenny for a brazilian blowout and asked her several questions even after scheduling the appointment several times on the phone and she was always helpful with answers that were unbiased and honest. When I walked into the saloon I liked how clean and roomy it was. Jenny shampooed my hair for 15 mins which is part of the process, then applied the blowout ingredients and dried my hair for about half hour, then blowdried it. She gave me a trim and styled my hair after. I chose to wash my hair the next morning and it the process left my hair shiny and relaxed.I loved our friendly banter during the entire process. Jenny offered me a cool drink, gave me cookies to eat and gave me information on several local events which are great for me as I am relatively new in Mountain view. She also gave me a 20% off on the products I bought as I wanted to make the blowout last for 3-4 months and also told me that they will trim my bangs for free as long as I am their customer. Another solid reason to keep going back.I also checked in on yelp while there and know that I have a discount on a brazilian wax, can't wait to get that one ticked off ;)Go enjoy a wonderful saloon that pampers you and genuinely cares about you!
<review# 2245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2012,11/15/2012,107,216,3,6,6>My little piece of France in Palo Alto.We had dinner there in the middle of the week and it was full at almost 9PM.This is a very nice bistrot; not pretentious and serving good food! I had mussels with Fries; they were fresh and tasty. I will definitely come back here more often. No need to drive to SF anymore to go to a French bistrot!They served bread with a kind of olive tapenade (I believe) and it was SO GOOD - wish I could get the recipe :) The owner is very nice and friendly; we had a good talk together. There are also 2 other waiters that speak French too :-) Service was great. Decoration is very fun. I liked their sign "Place de l'Apero" which is a spoonerism for "Place de l'Opera".They have a nice wine list too. Apparently they serve Brunch on Sunday with real croissants and pains au chocolat... (Of course I'm going to back there :))I wanted my 100th review to be for a place I love. Here we go!
<review# 2246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,11/14/2012,206,213,7,10,10>I've been back to Soon's multiple times since my initial review and it has gotten even better!  I love that although they aren't a huge establishment, they've got a great variety of items on their menu.  On top of that, they have a special "white board" with daily specials upon entrance.  Recently we went and I got super excited.  They had meat jun!  Not a lot of places in the bay serve meat jun.  I'm from Hawaii and it's a staple at Korean restaurants.  Sadly, it was sold out by the time I ordered but nonetheless, I still ate a delicious meal here.  I shared the Kalbi full size with my hubby and pigged out on their delicious ban chan.  I love the kim chee here as it has just the right amount of kick and a slight sour pickled taste.  Kalbi is tasty and tender!  I shared it with my meat head hubby and even he was full from the portion Soon's gives.  I've also had the Galbi Tang which is a rib noodle soup.  The Galbi is very tender and the broth is full of flavor.  I also like their Haemul Panjun here (seafood pancake).  I have even tried the vegetable curry and that was creamy tasty.  Service has improved a lot...even though sometimes, there is still a bit of a wait.  The owner is super nice.  Sometimes he will come and take a shot of shoju with you and the last time I was here...I wanted some ice cream (preggo me) and it's like he read my mind and gave us complimentary Lampert ice cream!  Good food and service...what more can you ask for?  I hope that they have meat jun as their special the next time I come so that I can try it!
<review# 2247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2012,11/13/2012,1187,969,5,9,8>Finally! I've been wanting to come to Harmony for so long now! Having dinner at a nearby restaurant I finally did so this last weekend and glad I did because I can see this becoming yet another regular FroYo spot for me.I opted for a Medium Boysenberry with Mochi (yelp.com/biz_photos/LUqL) not noticing the size of the cups before ordering. Medium is a good size for 2 people.The yogurt itself is very good! Thick, creamy and tastes to me just like Petite Filous (a Fromage Frais in England aimed for Children - a smooth and creamy natural Yogurt). The flavor was light and Mochi incredibly soft.Current FroYo  flavors:* Tart Cherry* Dark Chocolate* Blueberry Pomegranate* Boysenberry* Natural Pricing. Flavored / Natural.- Mini $2.75 / $2.25. (4oz)- Small $3.25 / $2.72. (6oz)- Medium $4.50 / $4.00. (8oz)- Large $6.00 / $5.50 (10oz)They currently have a special: Medium with 3 toppings $5.75 / $5.25 as well as a weekly special which is a Small (one pre selected flavor which changes on a regular basis) plus one topping for $1.95. Bargain!And also now do Parfait's where you can choose any flavor with sauces and mix ins for $ 4.50.Ice Cream Flavors (yelp.com/biz_photos/LUqL):* Dutch Crunch* Mint Chocolate Chip* Coffee* Raspberry & Cream* Vanilla Bean* Brown Sugar Banana* Caramel Toffee Crunch* Lemon Sorbet (Non dairy)* Strawberry Sorbet (Non dairy)Pricing:- Single scoop $3.20- Double scoop $4.75- Waffle Cone 60cSmoothies: Reg $4.75 / Large $5.75Samples given on request, loyalty scheme where you buy 10 you get one free as well as 'Like' them on Facebook for regular deals.** Have a friend work for Oracle or have a 'perks passport'? Bring them along and get 20% off! **
<review# 2248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2012,11/12/2012,896,808,18,23,20>When I think of Sigona's, I feel I ought to head straight for their produce. Which is lovely. But I don't. My guilty secret is that when I shop there I am drawn like a moth to the flame to:* Sigona's own jarred artichoke marinara - I know it's jarred, but it's ridiculously good.* Fresh spaghetti in the refrigerated case -  The quality of the pasta here is top-notch.* Devil's Canyon Root Beer ON TAP! - This is seriously the most delicious root beer around, made at a microbrewery in Belmont (holla!) and sweetened with agave nectar (not sugar), so it's lower on the glycemic index. They provide and fill a large glass jug with DC Root Beer to take home and enjoy, then return to refill.Sometimes I'll pick up some fresh bread and produce. Then I'll stop by nearby Schaub's Meat Market for some fresh chicken sausage to add to the pasta, and whammo, dinner is palate-pleasing and easy.I love that Sigona's is an independent market with only two locations. They've got fantastic gourmet stuff, so it's a fun store for folks who appreciate high quality food.
<review# 2249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,11/11/2012,258,441,2,10,4>Sakoon was a pleasant surprise all around for me.  I needed to find a place to take my Dept for a "Thank you Lunch" and there were a handful of vegetarians, so... I was looking for a place that would have a solid selection of delicious things to try without them having to get a green salad or a veggie sandwich.  Sakoon came up and the buffet sounded like just what we needed.  It was easy to make the reservations right here on Yelp too!  We went in for our 11:45am reservations and they had set up a long table for us.  The buffet was to die for!  There were more than a dozen options for your main entree.  I was on sensory overload.  Talk about palte envy!  I had already filled my plate with all things I thought delicious but when I sat down several other people around me had things I hadn't even noticed!  I was so full after my 1st run that I didn't have it in me to go up again.  Bummer!  I have to go back now and try some more things.  Usually when I am at a place that has buffet you are left to your own devices and I find that there isn't much of the personal table service with that set up.  Not here!  The servers at Sakoon were swoopingi n for drinks orders regularly and they were right on top of picking up the plates when you were finished so they weren't lingering around during the lunch conversation.  I like to call that "hiding the evidence" when they take your plate right after you finish!  Love it!  My most impressionable thing I saw during my visit?  The decor!  So beautiful!  The attention to detail is spectacular.  It was quite the long walk back to the restrooms but that hallway was nothing short of an adventure.  From the tiles on the floor to the mosaic designs along the walls... It a beautifully layed out.  Sakoon is now my top reccomendation for group meals.  hands down.
<review# 2250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,11/10/2012,92,130,2,11,6>Woohoo!!!  Today was Miki's Farm Fresh Market's Grand Opening.  After years of no grocery stores within a 10-minute radius in South Palo Alto besides Piazza's, Miki's Farm Fresh Market adds a significant retail contribution to the neighborhood.  The market is beautiful, and has a similar feel to Draeger's, Whole Foods, Piazza's, and Andronico's all rolled up into one.  The selection is PHENOMENAL for a neighborhood-scale grocery store - from organic produce to mainstream brands to international products.  I was incredibly impressed with the Asian grocery selection (no more schlepping to Ranch 99 to source my Asian ingredients!) and the British imports that I can usually only find at Piazza's or Cost Plus.  As a fairly serious cook and foodie, my grocery store diversity litmus test includes: Can I find bonito flakes, fish cake, and mochiko? CHECK.  Can I find wonton wrappers and Pearl River dark soy sauce? CHECK. (They even had impossible-to-find-in-Western-grocery-store items like White Rabbit creamy milk candies AND chicken feet!!!) DOUBLE CHECK. Mushroom selection? 14 varieties!!!  CHECK. Duck legs and organic chicken? CHECK. Smarties, lemon curd, Cadbury, and McVities? CHECK. In-house cakes and pastries ? CHECK (including artisan macarons!!!)  Cheese and wine? CHECK. Flowers? CHECK. Pharmacy/grooming/beauty? CHECK.  Annie's organic frozen foods? CHECK.  Household baking and cleaning supplies? CHECK. Everything I used to go to 3-4 different stores for, I can now get all here.  It's honest-to-goodness ONE-STOP SHOPPING (cue angels singing).The only down-side was on this first night of opening, they didn't have a lot of their prepared foods available or ready, e.g. pizza, hot deli, refrigerated prepared meals, so it remains to be seen as to quality and variety.  I'm already anticipating the next time I'm in the middle of an impromptu recipe and severely kicking myself for running out of an ingredient (or it expired, or it's not quite the right thing...).  Instead of the mad dash I'm used to, I can relax and simply make a "quick run to Miki's" for it!  My kitchen will be spilling over with good things, I can feel it in my pots and pans.So, Happy Grocery Shopping, Silicon Valley - Miki's has arrived!!!
<review# 2251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2009,7/27/2009,176,264,11,6,7>My impression of Indian food before Passage To India:Burns going in.  Burns going out.  Not too pleasant.My impression of Indian food after Passage of India:Gimmie more Na'an and curry, damnit!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I may be over-exaggerating that a tad.  I've had my share of Indian food, both good experiences and bad, and$12 for all-you-can-eat Indian food is awesome.I've never once enjoyed every single dish at a buffet until Passage.  I managed to pile everything possible on my plate, and I liked every single one of those dishes.  Butter Chicken + Na'an is definitely the winning combination.But honestly, I think the worst thing about this place is deciding when to throw in the towel.  My group literally sat there for 15 minutes deciding if we should go back for more and leave stuffed, or leave satisfied.
<review# 2252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2009,7/26/2009,10,19,2,6,3>I attended the grand opening for Donato Enoteca and had a great time.  Chef Donato Scotti is great!!  It's great going to an Italian restaurant where the chef is actually Italian and even speaks with the Italian accent!!  =)  It adds to the experience.  We loved all the food being passed around.  The braised wild boar and venetian risotto were our favorite.  The design of the restaurant was beautiful.  Very nice lounge and outdoor seating.  It'd be great if they did apperativo.  =)  Definitely a pleasant addition to downtown redwood city!  We cannot wait to try his regular menu.  We'll definitely be back for dinner soon!!
<review# 2253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2009,7/25/2009,33,73,10,7,7>This place is second to NAAN! (can't resist a pun)My only beef is the chicken!  The butter chicken is so fabulous but I am so picky about chicken and almost every time I eat at Saffron I get one of those disgusting hard mystery pieces that you just have to spit out even though it is embarrassing and nasty.  Then I'm so grossed out I have a hard time finishing my meal.  I really hate to make the world privy to this but it must be said for the common good.  Perhaps they can work on it.  Other than that one little thing, the food is amazing - especially the butter chicken.  They are so friendly and attentive too.  I have been here many times and always bring new people to check it out and everyone leaves happy.
<review# 2254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2009,7/24/2009,853,724,8,11,8>It's been awhile since our last trip to Oceanic so we were pleasantly reminded of how much we've missed this place!  The service is always friendly and fast, and the dishes are reasonably priced.This time, instead of getting our usual sesame chicken, we went for a slightly healthier kung pao chicken and now have a new favorite!  The sesame chicken comes with broccoli but the Kung Pao has a nice mix of zucchini, mushrooms, etc.We also ordered the Singapore rice noodles, which will always have a special place in my heart (if you like curry, get it), sauteed green beans, and of course the green onion pancake.Total tab was under $40, including tip.  Holla!  Oh yeah, we each got a complimentary scoop of green tea ice cream (mmm!).  Now that's customer love...
<review# 2255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2009,7/23/2009,198,103,6,12,8>Honestly, best mediterranean food around here. I'm Greek, so I'm uber picky, and DAMN this place is amazing! I've eaten here a BUNCH of times and I've never been disappointed. I dono what's up with these other reviewers that give this place one star... especially when they usually complain about how long it takes. Have they ever worked in the restaurant business? I have, and it's pretty hellish, especially during the busy dinner hours.  Yes, sometimes the service is a bit slow around 6 or 7 pm, but I won't knock off a star for that because I know what it's like.  My favorite dishes are the iskender kabab and the Turkish ravioli (manti). I recommend this place 100%. Disregard the sourpusses that give one star, they obviously don't have any empathy for restaurant workers.
<review# 2256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2008,7/22/2009,7,6,4,6,5>I've been here twice, and am happy to recommend it wholeheartedly. We tend to order a bunch of appetizers, tapas style. The Tokwa't Baboy (deep-fried tofu cubes over grilled pork) and Shanghai Pouches (pork-filled dumplings) have become favorites, and the Gatang Gulay (veggie clay pot with coconut milk sauce) is marvelous. Mundane fare like fries and churros are prepared with flair. Even my kids, who aren't adventurous eaters as a rule, love Bistro Luneta. The service is fabulous: attentive and ready with a helpful ordering suggestion. It's quiet enough to carry on a conversation without shouting, even with someone a couple of seats away. Parking has not been a problem for me, with about 12 spaces available behind the restaurant and lots of street parking nearby. This is across the train tracks from downtown, so the typical San Mateo parking jam hasn't been a factor, at least for me.
<review# 2257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2008,7/21/2009,905,867,12,14,12>It's always nice when someone asks if you've tried a little known place and you can simply nod, "yeah, I've been there."  It's how you build up "foodie-cred."  It's even better when it's your parents and they are usually the ones that find the gems via the Chinese newspaper.  Well, no more!  Yelp has neutralized the Chinese newspaper advantage and this time I was glad to show my parents the ropes at Shanghai Family.My mother is Shanghainese and she's always a bit skeptical of the Shanghainese places we try.  The only time I've seen her truly impressed was when we were having street food in Shanghai (xiao long bao and dumplings).I was curious to see how Shanghai Family would fare.  We ordered 6 dishes.  Yes, 6 dishes for 3 people!  Some were recommendations from the owner and some were ones my mom chose.  They were speaking Shanghainese to each other so it felt quite authentic to me.So how'd we do?  We demolished all 6 dishes and then my mom wanted dessert!  Here are the standouts:Giant Meat Ball (Lion's Head) in Clay Pot - the soft and tender meat balls were paired with plentiful vegetables and mushrooms.  Deep Fried Stinky Tofu - not quite as pungent as the Taiwanese version, but it's deep fried....hard to go wrong.  Red Bean pancake - this was our dessert item and my mom had eyed it when she first saw the menu.  Absolutely delicious.  Brimming with red bean paste and pan fried, it was hot and sweet.  I think this is a must order if you like red bean.The rest:Xiao Long Bao - I feel obligated to order xiao long bao at any Shanghainese restaurant.  They were decent.  Plenty of juice, but not the tastiest or juiciest I've ever had.Iron Skillet Eel - I love eel and this skillet had plenty.  It's tasty but a bit one sided as there isn't a contrasting ingredient.  Bitter melon with egg yolk - a nice and refreshing vegetable dish to temper all the rich items we had ordered.Fresh stir fried shrimp - plump, tasty shrimp stir fried.  Another simple dish to contrast some of the heavier dishes.  My mom really liked this one and added a touch of vinegar to each shrimp.Overall, my parents really enjoyed dinner.  We all commented that the "wok hay" or "cooking power" of the kitchen was quite good making all the food hot, tasty and flavorful.  I think my parents will be back very soon...P.S. I agree that some items can be a bit salty.  We asked the waiter to temper our dishes a bit.
<review# 2258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2008,7/20/2009,22,109,4,9,7>This place is great. If you need anything camera related, make sure to patronize this place and keep momnpop businesses alive. I purchased an Argus C-3 on ebay, and it sat on a shelf for a few months because the film catch was stuck and I basically didn't know how to use it. After calling around to a few places to find someone to help me, someone reccomended this place. It took a while to find, the other reviewer was right, that if you aren't looking for it  it is hard to miss. Fred, the owner, was honestly one of the nicest people I have ever met working behind the counter. He was patient with my inexperience, explained everything to me slowly and clearly, and took the camera apart and cleaned it for me, recalibrated all of the dials, and showed me how to use it. He didn't charge me a dime. I tried to pay him, but he wouldn't let me. He said he was glad to see a young person who appreciated a good film camera in a digital age. Please go here and patronize this shop, because Fred is honestly the nicest person, and he clearly knew what he was talking about. They have a really large selection of new and vintage cameras. I love ICT
<review# 2259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2008,7/19/2009,301,821,7,7,6>This review proves that YELPing is good for your belly AND your pocket book! Can you say, "HOOK UPS"!?*After stalking their table all night at the Yelp Summer Bash event at the Computer History Museum, I really wanted to come and eat here with my bf. Earlier in the day, me and the man had some crazy good massages at Watercourse Way in the late afternoon, and we decided to go for a walk around the lake at Shoreline Park. Little did my bf know I had dinner planned out so that we conveniently past by this place and the museum. Shortly after walking around, I convinced him that I had my heart set on eating dinnner here, even though he does not like to go out for italian food. Being my last night in town before my "Girls' week" in Seattle, he was obliged. "I WIN!" yeay! The place was a  bit stuffy, because the a/c was trippin', but Bella (the owner, which I met at the Yelp bash) suggested we take a seat out on the cute patio in front. Much cooler, and not too noisy for being off the street. Let's just say, after I raved about the food from the Yelp event, Bella  was flattered and offered us a few items on the HOUSE! (Mentally, I was raising the roof with my hands. Hollah!) A slice of Chicken Pizza with mushrooms and olives, and two salads with green apples, feta, walnuts, cranberries, romaine, and vidalia onion dressing. She hooked us up with at least $15 dollars of free food. I could barely eat the entree at this point. Entrees included the angel hair pasta with shrimp (prawns were extra fresh and cooked perfectly), and penne pasta with chicken in a spicy cream dressing. The ingredients were extra fresh, and the service was terrific. Bella and Pizzeria Venti, you won the keys to our hearts and stomachs! Yelp love+ Good food = 5 stars! Raise the Roof!
<review# 2260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2008,7/18/2009,264,114,3,8,5>Surprisingly, there aren't a lot of decent affordable dining options in downtown Palo Alto. There's pizza and some other options, but not much of interest. Pluto's, a fresh salad place, is eh. So I was really happy to stumble upon Sprout Cafe yesterday when I was starved and looking for a bite to eat.They have sandwiches and oodles of salad options, and if you can't find a salad you like on the menu they let you mix and match and make your own.I almost missed this place because they must be new and don't even have a sign above their door.They also have this great brand of hot tea... I can't remember the name... but I really enjoyed my tropical green tea along with my "Fruity" salad.Only reason it's four stars is because the salad wasn't a major wow. It was a good salad, but I wasn't blown away. I'll go back though, I'm sure, because I'll be hungry around there again.The actual dining space is quite large, and it was pretty much empty when I went. I like the design of the space as well.
<review# 2261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,2/10/2014,66,106,4,10,6>I love this trail!  This paved trail is great for running, walking, or riding your bike.  It's a 6 mile (one way) trail with mile-markers at every half mile. I come here about twice a week to either run or walk.  Once a month I try to run/walk the entire 12 miles (which is the 6 miles out and 6 miles back).  If you come on a weekend morning it's pretty crowded and you end up parking very far from the trail entrance. But I guess if you come here to get a workout, the distance from your car shouldn't be such a big deal, right?  Although it gets busy on the weekends, the people on the trail are very good about sharing the trail with bicyclists, runners, and walkers.  This is one of my favorite outdoor places to run because it has beautiful views of trees and water.  There are some areas of the trail where the trees  from both sides of the trail sway over to cover the trail, which provides a lot of shade.  It's also common to see deer as you're running through this area.  I also love how the trail is clearly marked with mile markers.  This is hands-down my favorite running spot in the area!
<review# 2262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,2/9/2014,474,505,4,7,6>Heading to Vegas the following day and I didn't have time to try and make my nails look good, so I went to Coco's for the express mani and pedi.Walking into the salon, it's pretty clean and doesn't smell like a typical salon with chemicals. The music is nice and the chairs are so comfortable! Jackie is super sweet.I haven't had a mani and pedi in so long, I forgot what they were! I'm so glad I am getting pampered. I should do this more often. I'm really happy with the service and the ladies are nice here. Oh. And you get a nice cold bottle of water! Tipped $10 on $25 service. Will be back!
<review# 2263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2013,2/8/2014,127,110,3,9,7>Great hike in the South Bay, boasting wonderful views that other hikes in the area just don't have; of course this means you have to hike up a steeper elevation, but it's all in a good workout!And no pain, no gain, so remember that when you're trudging up the steep part.  This is a great dog-friendly place as well.  A lot of other hiking areas in the area don't allow dogs, and it is very refreshing to have one so close (and tons of new furry friends for our dogs!).Make sure to do the full hike (about 7.2 miles), you can get great photos along with your workout!!
<review# 2264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2013,2/7/2014,61,91,6,12,7>This place is fantastic, though a little on the pricey side. I'll go through each category:Ambiance: walls and decor are very loud, with yellow walls with painted bamboo stencils. It's very casual and is a fun place to get a drink.Service: Good, though not remarkable.Food: The seabass is soo rich and coconutty, I absolutely loved it! And for $16 I feel like it was one of the few moderately priced dishes ( it IS sea bass)My boyfriend got the oxtail which was really deep and flavorful. The one thing I didn't like was that you have to order a starch with all these curry/stew type dishes. Shouldn't rice be a given? How are you supposed to eat it otherwise? We ordered a side of rice and beans and it's a pretty small portion for $4.75 (and not anything special, might I add. I think they are made to be eaten with the curry so they didn't worry about the flavor...)  We also ordered a side of plantains which were really sweet and perfectly fried. However, they still cost way too much for what they were ($3.95 for one plantain worth). We then ordered some of the most expensive guacamole I've ever gotten at a restaurant ($7.95 for a small bowl) but it came with thin fried plantains instead of tortilla chips which is a plus. I'm sad because there weren't enough plantains to finish the guac and we sat there wondering how else to eat the rest of our $8 guacamole :(Alcohol: We ordered a pitcher of the mango mojito and it was TO DIE FOR. It's one of the best drinks I've ever had. Period. This place is killer for drinks.Overall the food here is delicious but the main entrees are sorta over-priced and the sides/appetizers are VERY overpriced. The decor makes it casual so it's not good for a fancy occasion, when I would be ready to spend a little extra. Regardless, I'll just have to come here sparingly as there are other extremely delicious foods and drinks on the menu.
<review# 2265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,2/6/2014,89,155,7,10,9>Finally got to try this place out and it was a wonderful experience. The ambiance is charming, with a touch of modern and ethnic appeal. Service 5+Our waiter was very attentive. At one point of the night, I saw a small spider by the window, being the scaredy-cat that I am, I moved my chair closer to the other end of the table. Our waiter noticed that I moved and he asked if there was anything wrong. I said there was no problem, just a spider and he offered us to move our seats and finish our meal at another table if we felt uncomfortable. The other servers also were very nice and attentive, having our glasses always filled and asking if we needed anything. Food 5+Everything was so flavorful and delicious. AppetizerIndian bread fritter "Ma Mere" w/ stuffed with mushrooms, potatoes and cheese, served over cumin tarbais beans $11Reminded us of latin/spanish influence, like an elevated enchilada lol.MainCashew-coconut curried beef shortrib w/ root vegetables, charred carrot, smoked garlic cream, cashew coconut yogurt reduction  $30Yum, this was my dish and it had just the right amount of spices, very subtle and tasty. Smoked chili and cumin venison steak w/ fondant potatoes, root vegetables and glazed beets $32Lots of flavor.DessertDark chocolate "kulfi" w/ tandoori-spiced macadamia nut brittle $8The texture of this is incredible, velvety and smooth and it doesn't hurt that they added edible gold leaf! i'm eating gold my poop going to shimmer!Great experience, would definitely come here again.
<review# 2266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,2/5/2014,76,240,4,8,6>This is my new favorite place for brunch. I absolutely adore this small and quaint german bakery. Everything that I've gotten here is spot on and keeps me wanting more. In particular, what everyone says about the german pancake is dead on. Just get it, and you won't regret it. I literally dream about this amazing pancake. It's so good! Also, their baked breads and pretzels are always fresh and good for a nice snack. The pretzels are great, particularly because the pretzel have sections that are crispy and soft. They have great bratwurst. Today, I had their potato pancakes with applesauce and it was another highlight. Perfectly crispy. The sweet and salty work perfectly together. My only con about this place is the parking sucks. If there is no parking in front, you have to either find a spot in back or elsewhere.
<review# 2267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2013,2/4/2014,218,243,4,8,7>Cute little local place.  The bartender made a fantastic Bloody Mary to my friend's specifications.  It was too spicy for me, but I will definitely return to try them again. Seemed like there were a lot of regulars, but this just made for better entertainment.  The music was blaring (they have an awesome jukebox), the other patrons were incredibly vocal and lively, overall I had a great time with my friend.Since the place was fairly empty (early on a Saturday evening), they decided that pool was on the house.  It was great, my friend and I were able to play four rounds without getting kicked off.
<review# 2268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,2/3/2014,92,210,2,8,5>This is a very small and intimate restaurant, with only room for 4-5 tables. Thus, the food preparation and service was amazing! It's a husband and wife team and she handles reservations + service while he makes all of the delectable dishes.The food is very traditional/authentic Japanese. (Unfortunately I'm not a huge fan of Japanese food, but my bf loves it haha) That being said, some of the dishes (esp the dessert when I went) were a miss for me... Although there were also a good number that I loved. My favorite were their sushi appetizers! But personal preference aside, the plating was beautiful and everything freshly made with great flavors and technique.And as people noted before, reservations need to be made a month in advance! So it's kind of a gamble as you won't know the menu before you reserve.
<review# 2269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,2/2/2014,218,196,4,8,7>Some things make you glad you gave them another try.   Three Seasons is definitely one of them.We came here on what was a perfect evening in Palo Alto. Maybe you would argue all evenings in Palo Alto are perfect, but, to paraphrase Orwell, some evenings are more perfect than others.  The weather was 75, the sun was peeking through the adjacent Spanish Colonial building (that I assume is the back of Nola) and our outdoor table came with a  sky high ceiling- literally.  I would like to suggest this outdoor dining area is one of the finest in PA. The indoor space is pretty nice here too, particularly the stained glass dome.  This was a nice contrast to the slightly cramped spaces at Tamarine and Evvia, which are also great restaurants in terms of food.  Fellow New Englanders, pardon the blasphemy when I say heat lamps might make this a perfect all weather dining spot.  Lest we forget the food, our dinner contained duck spring rolls, papaya salad, oyster shooters, clay pot catfish and shaking beef.  Wow, that's a lot of food for two thin people. Somebody was hungry that night! Oyster shooters were delicious and had a kick.  My date enjoyed them despite not previously being too familiar with oysters in his diet.  The shaking beef was extremely succulent, juicy, tender and any other synonyms describing that attribute.  We will be back.  At least I will.
<review# 2270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,2/1/2014,437,748,3,6,4>Mmm... meat... and this place has a got a lot of it!Craving a big fat juicy burger, I yelped and found out about this place. Walking in, I immediately like the theme (Godfather's if you didn't get the hint) with the dark room and thick curtains. Surprising, considering I'm more of a sunshine and rainbows kind of girl, but I love anything that fits a theme!I was going back and forth between all the burgers and finally decided on the untouchables burger based on the waitress's recommendation - and an upgrade to the garlicky truffle fries. Burger: ginormous! Big fat juicy burger is what I wanted - big fat juicy burger is what I got! It was piled high with jalapenos, cheese, and bacon, red peppers and tomato and lettuce. Yeah, it was gonna be a leftover day for lunch the next day. The burger was good. Full of flavor, good spicy kick from the jalapeno and the meat was perfectly cooked and juicy! I love when they fulfill my meat request! Garlicky Truffle Fries: They were good as I can never say no to fries but I could hardly taste the truffle. There was a ton of garlic though! I suggest bringing some gum for after the meal. The garlic taste can really stick in your mouth.Overall, I love the theme, love the burger and the service is really good. I would come back for my burger cravings.
<review# 2271,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/5/2009,11/16/2009,131,459,6,9,6>I want to give this place more stars, especially since some decades ago my mom used to work in a health food restaurant that was adjacent to this store (at the old location).However, the PRICES.  Good gawd.  I recently stopped in for a mid-sized bottle of omega-3 oils and it was $26.99.  When I had bought the same bottle at Apple a few months back, it had been priced at $23.85.  Cute.Curious, I did some price comparison with Whole Foods.  Their price?  Whole "Paycheck" has a lot of Apple's products that I'm interested in for up to forty percent less.Forty.  Percent.  I prefer to support local businesses even if I have to pay a little extra (especially when it comes to health foods and natural living), but this is a huge price difference we're talking about here and so I may just be heading over to Whole Foods when my bottle of omega-3's is empty.  Even when I was younger the prices at Apple were what kept me from being anything more than an infrequent visitor to the store.P.S. As a student of science and as someone with a family background in "alternative" medicine, I'm skeptical enough to realize that conventional Western medicine is vastly overrated and does not have all the answers.  However, that skepticism also extends to the advice I often hear being doled out in this store, so my advice is simply to maintain a healthy skepticism no matter whom you talk to, stay informed, and make an educated decision.P.P.S. Get a punch card and for every $138 you spend you'll get a $5 discount.  Rock that 3.6% off!
<review# 2272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2009,11/15/2009,134,722,4,7,6>Tucked up in the Redwood Trees above Woodside is a surprise. At first glance, the Mountain House looks like it could be somebody's mountain hideaway. As it turns out, it's a mountain hideaway to a whole bunch of people! It was impossible not to notice that this place has a very loyal following because everybody hanging out there (and it was teeming with people) seemed to know each other as well as most of the employees. We were drawn in by the band playing outside as we left the Kings Mountain Art Festival. We wound up hanging out for a while because of the sense of community felt through out. The staff was friendly, the clientele was cool and the atmosphere was difficult to leave. Kids ran around the redwood grove just outside the restaurant, a dog stretched in the doorway daring you to walk by and not pet it, friendly hellos filled the air along with classic rock cover tunes. It was a scene you don't often see in establishments anymore and it was a heck of a lot of fun!! We didn't eat in the restaurant on this visit but, we did check out the dining room. Lovely and nicely decorated, trees fill the windows rimming the room giving patrons the feeling of dining in the nicest tree house ever. For this visit we had a nice time being part of the scene. We enjoyed a couple of rounds of drinks, our kids had some sodas but we'll definitely return for a meal in the near future.
<review# 2273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2009,11/14/2009,364,321,9,17,11>I LOVEMY HAIRCUT!True to her reputation, Diana did an amazing job and I am thankful once again. Their new salon is in a cute shopping center, right across from Starbuck's (near the safeway). I was immediately greeted by the new receptionist, Khat, who was perfectly professional and pleasant. I even remember her voicemail reminder fitting just that description. The salon is very open and IMO, a lot nicer than Julian Chase. It feels less stuffy. What I love about Diana is that she doesn't try to cut the way she thinks your hair should look. She keeps it stylish, yet personal - making sure that you are ok with what she is doing and will even suggest how to style it later and with what brushes, irons, products, etc. Another thing I love is Diana's attention to detail and constant striving for perfection. After the blow-dry, she was still snipping here and there. If you want a great haircut experience, come see Diana and Ari. They will not disappoint, I've recommended her to several people, all of whom love their cuts! Also, she offers 25% off for referrals and they're offering 10% any service right now for the new opening!! In sum: Affordable, personal, fabulous salon! A+++++ Diana, thank you again :)
<review# 2274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2009,11/13/2009,53,119,2,3,3>I've eaten a TON of indian food in my life, but this was a new experience for me!  More snacky and light than the typical heavy sauce curry dishes I'm used to.Pros:+  Delicious and oh so different!  The bhel poori was delicious!  The mix of crunchy textures, flavors, and nice heat made this my fav today.  But don't take too long to eat because it'll loose that nice crunch after 30 minutes or so.+  Okay I rarely say this but...the price was right!  Here's what my bf and I got:Bhel Poori: $4.25 - watch out for large portion!  enough for 3Masala Poori: $5.25 - listed under mini-lunch...this ain't mini!  Lightly spiced potatoes (yum!) and not heavy feeling.Muli Paratha: $3.25 - stuffed with radish and huge!Lassi: $2.25Total:  $17 something without tipUm yeah...we went a bit overboard with the ordering.  There was enough leftovers for a full 3rd meal.Cons:-  Nothing special looking about the place-  Customer service was just alright-  Lassi was too sweet and tasted like melted yogurt from the cupBottom Line:  I'm definitely going back!  But I'll have to bring an Indian person with me again because I have no idea what the hell to get!
<review# 2275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2009,11/12/2009,1379,168,8,12,11>i don't know... i'm at odds to whether i should keep basing my ordering off yelp reviews or not... but i based the full order at this restaurant on yelp reviews!so we had: xiao long bao, lion's head meatballs, red bean crepe dessert thing, and stinky tofu!the xiao long bao was pretty good, and served with black vinegar (not red vinegar like in 2007- read reviews. :)) the lion's head meatballs were SO GOOD and my fave dish of them all... so tasty and soft and juicy and scrumptious.  the red bean crepe thing was not too sweet, and had a chewy texture to it which was delish and hot, and the stinky tofu is done better elsewhere.noms. :) xiao long bao and lion's head!!
<review# 2276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2009,11/11/2009,50,154,5,8,7>I walk into Rincon Sabroso and I immediately start feeling the vibe of an authentic taqueria - television in the corner set to a soccer game in Spanish, customers at every table speaking Spanish, and then somewhat goes to the jukebox and the next thing I know the restaurant is blasting some Spanish song.  I ordered a boat load tonight since there were so many things to try - pupusas, tacos, and flautas.  The tacos were incredible - meat piled on small corn tortillas with cilantro, onions, and hot sauce.  You add a squirt of lime and the little tacos become music to the mouth.  Big fan of both the carnitas and the carne asada.  To spice things up, take a bite of the pickled jalapeno or to cool things down, chomp on the radish.  By the way, only $1.25 per taco, but at least three tacos are necessary for a meal.Pupusas filled with bean and cheese is good grub.  I smothered hot sauce on them and dug in.  The best way to describe pupusas is a mix between a quesadilla and a hot pocket.     At 2 bucks a pop, I did not feel guilty ordering a couple of these as well.  The main dish of flautas, rice and beans did carry a "normal" price tag though of $9 and change.  The flautas were tasty and it did come with four of them (I chose chicken as the meat), but for some reason, I feel that the way to go is a la carte - you get to try a bunch of food and the cost is quite cheap.  At any rate, this food is authentic and delicious.  I will be back for more.
<review# 2277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2009,11/10/2009,90,588,8,7,7>This is a review by a vegetarian3.5 stars and I'm feeling generous today so I'm rounding up.It's rare to consider flakes of fried garlic to be a moderating subtle influence on the taste of a dish but this is indeed the purpose it serves in the Fried Tofu with Explosive Chili Pepper served at Spices 3 in Oakland. Here at Spices4 there is very little garlic and that moves the needle on the scale much closer to pain than pleasure. The consumer is almost a little embarrassed to enjoy such a dish as it comes dangerously close to labeling him as a sadomasochist instead of a gourmand (not that the two need be exclusive states).Also, the same dish at Spices 3 has tofu cubes that are cut a little larger, thus a higher volume to surface area ratio therefore more creamy tofu to hotter-n-hell pepper infused breaded crust.Other dishes included a Lion's head meatball that was actually larger than the head of the 19 month-old dining with us, a flaky greasy scallion pancake, a beef thing, a fish thing, a calamari thing, and greens and garlic (that's where all the garlic went I guess).I don't know how anyone would ever find this place if not for Yelp. It's next to the Lucky. Head for Kobe and stop just before you go over the rail into the water.
<review# 2278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2009,11/9/2009,659,1527,3,12,6>I did one of the hardest things I have ever had to do today.  I put my beloved dog of 15 years to sleep. He has a brain tumor and was starting to suffer and I made the tough decision. Samuel and Nancy are two of the nicest, professional people I have ever met.  They are a husband and wife team and are both vets.They talked to me, quelled my fears, explained the process and comforted me throughout the entire ordeal. They are compassionate and good at their job.  I cannot tell you how grateful I was to be able to let go of my pet at home while he was surrounded by familiar smells, people and memories instead of going into a vet's office. I was having doubts before I made my final decision and they helped me through the process and made me feel like I was making the humane, correct choice. They are a bit more expensive than going to the vet, but to me it was well worth the expense. They even gave me hugs at the end and I found that comforting. Spruce is going to be missed, but I am glad that his final moments were made easier by these two great people.
<review# 2279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2009,11/8/2009,90,150,2,8,5>Yippee! Another great place to put on my "Favorite To-Go/Delivery on the Peninsula" list! Since my carbaphobe hubby was out of town this week, I came here and stocked up on some carb-y goodness. I ordered some classic meat raviolis, sweet onion, chard, and lemon zest raviolis, a bunch of meatballs, chicken cacciatore, and their signature sauce with tomatoes and prosciutto. The meat raviolis were very tasty and I loved that the pasta shell was thin and toothsome. I served their yummy signature sauce, matriccina, on my raviolis and spaghetti and meatballs and everyone gobbled both meals up. The chicken cacciatore ($6 and change per breast) was really flavorful, but I would have preferred that they used thigh meat because it seemed a little dry upon reheating. The owners were really nice and helpful, and it was neat watching one of them cooking right in the store. You can pick up everything for a complete Italian meal here - including pasta, entrée, salad, bread, and dessert. Their bread is sourced from Il Fornaio, which isn't my favorite, so I opted to go across the street to Draeger's to grab an Acme loaf. Pasta Pasta offers a different entrée each day, so I can't wait to return to see what else they are offering. The lasagna in the freezer looks yummy as well. I only wish this place was a little closer to my house!
<review# 2280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2009,11/7/2009,170,239,5,10,8>Seriously one of the best restaurants around.Hidden in a kitschy stripmall in San Carlos, Kabul's is a gem.I've been coming here since I was 13 - it's my family's "go to" place for every big occasion.  Service is top notch.  The food is fresh.  The flavors are incredible.My favorite appetizer is the aushak - veggie dumplings covered in yoghurt meat sauce.  I switch up the entrees - I love the chicken kebabs, the beef stews and the vegetarian stew combo.  The pilau is mmm mmm good.  Every meal comes with salad, and the delicious dressing makes me happy.Mint tea and baklava or a milky pistachio pudding are the way to end such a perfect culinary evening.
<review# 2281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2011,2/17/2012,30,168,5,8,6>Fave: pretty much EVERYTHING (seriously)(Before I get to the food, I just want to say... I saw one of their wait staff IRONING the tablecloth in between guests.. Serious service!!)My 9th 5-star Yelp review goes to Village Pub, which, as others have said, is not pub-like at all but a very nice, classy restaurant. The price here is not extravagant -- pretty much every main entree tops out at $30. Now, it's not everyday food in terms of price, but certainly it's NOT one of those restaurants where you pay $50 for an entree and the portions are abysmally small. The portions are solid here. The ambience is nice (entrance at the back, which confused us for a bit), and the lighting is dim without being horribly dark. We could all see our menus, which is definitely a MUST. The wine list looks like it could've been written by J.K. Rowling -- as in, it's a thick book. I'm not hugely knowledgeable about wine, so I can't comment on whether the selection had great things. However, the FOOD was fantastic.We each had an appetizer -- the highlight was the abalone (a large, whole one!) with a very fresh poached egg. The main courses were all fantastic, including a special young goat entree, cooked three ways -- leg, belly (the most tender and tasty in my opinion), and medallions. And no, goat doesn't taste like chicken.. think pork but more flavor. The filet mignon special was also exquisite. A real plus was that all the side vegetables for the entrees were well-cooked. Tender and actual veggie flavor -- not swamped by any sauce. That's something most restaurants overlook.I'm a dessert fan, as my friends will tell you, and the highlight here, oddly enough, is the sorbets and ice creams. Normally I don't order those because it's not that original, but here, the sorbets and ice creams are HOMEMADE. I'll emphasize that again.. HOMEMADE. And they actually taste like the flavor they represent -- the grape was grape-like, the strawberry tasted like a fresh vine-picked berry, and the dark chocolate was like biting into a 70% cacao bar. Village Pub is certainly deserving of 5 stars -- the biggest complaint we had was that the shortbread that came with the sorbets and ice creams was a tad doughy. And that's a minor complaint in the grand scheme of things.
<review# 2282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2012,2/16/2012,353,194,7,10,9>ambiance: intimate, romantic, and modern and there was a live pianist.I had made reservations here for our first Christmas dinner, we were running 5 minutes late so I called in letting them know that we're looking for parking. Parking was a miss for us because we were trying to find a closer parking but unfortunately we park maybe 2 blocks away from the restaurant, but didn't get seated till about  8:30pm it was packed on a Friday night! They gave us this marker red means stop you don't want any food and when you flip it over its a green marker which means you can get whatever comes down your way. I forgot to mention that the paella was delicious!! Marvin certainly liked it too and we shared a plate the 2nd time. I'm not too fond of chicken heart so i had a sliver it was chewy and gummy didn't like it at all, but all the meats that they had served us was delicious!! My favorite of them all was the shrimp, plantains, and cheese bread!!The caipirihna is strong but it was sweet a while ago when We were here earlier on in the year!!Will definitely come here again!!
<review# 2283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2012,2/15/2012,330,458,4,9,6>Finally, a restaurant that has the potential to stay around!  This location has been home to a few short lived restaurants that I wanted to be good, but was pretty disappointed.  Ben Tre, on the other hand, is just as they advertise: good authentic "Vietnamese Homestyle Cuisine"...  I came in with a group of 8, and they were able to seat us in about about 5 minutes.  We started with some fresh spring rolls, and imperial rolls (both were good)...  I ordered the deluxe pho #16 (basically everything you can imagine in pho - good broth, and chewy noodles - hit the spot), my wife had the beef stew noodle soup (she really enjoyed it), my kids split a large bowl of rare beef pho (they devoured it), our friends ordered a grilled chicken dish and pho as well (they were happy campers).Service was friendly, and the place was super clean.  Several flat panel screens showing V-Pop, Luke Nguyen's Vitenam, Football, and some Vietnamese soaps...  They did a good job utilizing the space with a long central table in the middle, and tables on the side. Will be back for sure...
<review# 2284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,2/14/2012,134,93,4,5,5>Ed's is the best. I've been to the "sandwich spot" and "flaming dogs" and both those places are good but they don't stand a chance next to Ed's. First, the two girls who work there are great, very accommodating, very nice and they know how to make a mean sando! Seems family run and definitely not a chain- which I love- support local! The reason we keep coming back... BBQ chicken sando with bacon.  Seriously delicious. SERIOUSLY. Garlic sauce... uh, my heart belongs to you. Give Ed's a try, you'll like it, I promise.
<review# 2285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2011,2/13/2012,108,33,8,11,9>DEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP DISHI was kind of avoiding this place for lunch because usually deep dish pizzas take about 40 minutes to cook. THEN, I found out they have pizza by the slice. For only $4.75 a slice this is a super cheap lunch spot, especially in downtown Palo Alto. One slice will usually fill you up unless you're like me and have an eating problem (:However, the slices are obviously not as great as getting a whole pie. Slices are usually made ahead of time and sit around like other pizza-by-the-slice places. If you plan to go with a group of people and want a whole pie definitely call in your order. It'll save a ton of time!I'd definitely have this as part of my lunch usual lunch rotation in downtown Palo Alto.nom nom nom
<review# 2286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2011,2/12/2012,133,304,5,6,6>I came here for the second time this year. Getting in and out, whether it be from Highway 1 or 92 is, no doubt, a pain in the ass, but bring a designated driver (mom) and snooze on the way to/from. This is by far my favorite festival in the bay. There are a good number of Halloween-themed stands, but also plenty of others that you haven't seen before.At the food court, you'll find pumpkin goodies galore - pie, ice cream, mac & cheese with pumpkin spice, pumpkin ale, etc. Plus, they've got plenty of entertainment - live music, costume contests, pumpkin carving, you name it.A must see.
<review# 2287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2011,2/11/2012,213,599,3,6,7>The Ninja Japanese Supermarket! haha, i'm kidding! But, I used to be a frequent visitor of Kukje Super Market, Daly City... But after coming here, I think I found a new hit spot! No need to go to a foggy cold city for fresh shabu meat! Nijiya @ San Mateo is located right off 92 East! Get off the highway and your right there. Another landmark is the famous Santa Ramen joint or the nice huge Sprint Store. But anyways, it's located inside a newish mall/plaza type thing! This market reminds me of a clean Japanese version of Andronico's Supermarket! Super organized and super clean! Lots of Japanese munchies such as snacks! Vegetables and fruits are piled together nicely! Best of all, everything was fresh. The most interesting part of the market is the right hand side to the rear. You get a whole section of Shabu meat! There's Premium Angus Beef and Wagyu Style Beef. They have a huge section of Pork Shabu and Pork Belly! To the side, there's a whole section of sashimi available. You can buy a whole piece and slice it yourself. The thing I liked the most about this place is that every platter of meat is labeled with correct names and dates! Non of those shady stuff like chinese supermarkets (no dates). The other side has a huge selection of sushi + bento boxes. Lots of goodies that I wanted to throw into the cart! Oh, they have a selection of freshly made Christmas themed cakes available! Btw, check out their facebook page for specials!
<review# 2288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2011,2/10/2012,258,441,4,6,7>"WOW" This place blew our minds.  In our many trips to HMB we hadn't ever imagined that this place would be any good.  There were always other choices and we took those over a Japanese place in the strip mall, hands down. Our mistake!  From the soothing sounds of the water flowing in the fountain outside the door to the warm greeting of the staff as we entered - our minds and tastebuds prepared to be forever changed.and that they were!  What a great menu here!  We started out with 2 orders of the Sake Sampler & parused the menu for a few different things to taste.Zak got a Pork Ramen and he loved it.  I even took photos of the presentation with the egg and toppings - They really do have the presentation down here at Shiki. I went for the Sushi!  The Sashimi melted in my mouth.  THAT is a major test for me at new sushi places... It must be fresh, tender, no fat, and no fishy smell for sure.  It was beautiful here!  The Sunflower Roll had the best quality Salmon and I loved the presentation in the flower shape over lemon slices... Deee-licious! The Cherry Blossom Roll was my favorite because it too was beautifully presented and it had some fresh asparagus inside!  They have excellent combinations of flavors in their rolls.  We have found a new spot to frequent when we head over to Half Moon Bay.  Next time we plan to get some sushi to go and have a seaside picnic!  YUM!
<review# 2289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2012,2/9/2012,1556,579,6,8,6>O Yeah... Found my new nail spot! I've been on a mission to find the place where I can actually get the perfect pedicure and perfect pink & white acrylic fill in the same spot--and I think we've got a winner. All the talented Nail Techs from Universe Nails-- left and moved over to this salon. Yay!-- I found them! All of these ladies don't mess around when it comes to giving you amazing nails! I will definitely be returning soon--! ;-)
<review# 2290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,2/8/2012,641,501,10,13,12>I can't believe I haven't written a review for Poletential!! I think it's every girl's dream (for that matter, every guy's too) to have a fit body, tight abs, muscle definition, the works. Everyone wants to stay on a fitness regime, keep a focused diet, and enjoy a healthy life stye, but few actually accomplish it.I had been going on and off (mostly off, unfortunately) to Poletential to get my workout on for about a year, maybe even two. I know dancing is the best form of exercise for me because it's fun, and not repetitive like most workout routines are. In college I danced competitively on the ballroom dance team, and while I still got the skills to don a pair of dancing shoes and dance the night away, it's just not rigorous enough alone as a form of exercise. I chose pole because it's sexy and challenging, but I think the latter is also why I always somehow fall off the wagon because pole dancing is really hard!Earlier this year, I've somehow rediscovered my inner diva and found the resolve to go to class more regularly, and it's really been paying off. Those moves I used to think I'd never be able to do before are slowly starting to become part of my regular repertoire.  It's true what they say, practice makes perfect.  You really have to keep at it and not give up!I'm in awe of my teachers and my fellow classmates' flexibility, fluidity, beauty, and strength.  I can't wait to be as good as them!
<review# 2291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2012,12/31/2012,424,202,4,5,5>The first time I've tasted Marsha's Lunchbox foods was when I first started working as a Administrative Assistant down the street (6-7 blocks) from this place. We had them did our breakfast and lunch catering everyday. Sometimes on the weekend. 6 months later, I finally have my favorite: their homemade croutons, macaroni salad, italian roasted chicken and cranberry nut salad =]After I had tasted and seen most of what the food on the catering menu looked like, the company gradually gave me the task of ordering food for breakfast and lunch. I'm thankful for this task because I felt having to work with the menu, people and calling the deli numerous of times made me a little closer and connected with Marsha's staff.In the morning, we would rotate from eggs, pancakes, french toast, bacon, sausages, chicken apple sausages (special), croissants, biscuits, fruit salad, bagels, and pastries. For lunch, our staff have loved the rotating favorites: bbq chicken, lasagna, tri-tip, kabobs, ribs, sandwiches, grilled salmon (my favorite), mash potatoes and gravy, rice pilaf (my favorite), red roasted potatoes (my favorite), chinese chicken salad, spinach prawn salad (my favorite) and mixed nut salad.We had to do a lot of cutbacks at our company so we no longer have them cater our lunch 5 days a week. But due to the fact they have been catering for us for years (before I started working here) and that our Founder loves them, we still have them cater for us 2-3 days out of the week. I love what they offer and pretty much caters to our needs. I haven't had the pleasure to get breakfast or lunch by visiting the deli but I would eventually would like to.As for the staff, awesome people. So far I've met Laverne (don't think that's how you spell her name), Kristin, Rene, Kasey and two other gentlemen (but I don't remember their name). If these people reflect the personality for everyone else that works there... then that's a family I would love to be a part of. They always greet you with a smile (makes you want to hug them the next time you see them), personable personalities (makes you want to take them out for a few margaritas and have a good laugh) and excellent service (do what they can to cater to your wants/needs in terms of food). Love them =]
<review# 2292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2012,12/30/2012,905,867,4,17,8>Street Food is definitely the "It" cuisine of the moment and Spice Kit, originally from SF, is the latest proponent of this cuisine to the Palo Alto area.California Avenue has long been my favorite Palo Alto area for food  and Spice Kit, serving a selection of quick, casual items that hit the spot, is just the latest welcome addition.I had been anticipating the opening after I saw the sign that it was "Coming Soon" and, after a disappointing meal at the similarly themed Asian Box in Town and Country, I'm glad to report that Spice Kit is the real deal.The interior space has minimal seating and there are a few tables outside, but it's clear this space does well with orders to go, which is what I did.  Our selection from the limited menu: Banh Mi - frankly, other than visiting food trucks, you really can't get banh mi unless you drive down to Sunnyvale, or for a better choice, San Jose.  Thus, the classic banh mi here, with your choice of several meats (5 spice chicken, beef shortribs, roasted pork) is a find.  Add the house made pate and you have a very flavorful and fresh sandwich that we just can't find otherwise in these parts.Ssam - I've had the Bo Ssam at Momofuku in NYC but wasn't sure what to expect of this version.  It's essentially like a Korean burrito wrap using rice paper instead of a tortilla.  The beef shortribs were very tasty and a nice combination of lean and fatty and the fresh marinated bean sprouts, kimchee, and ssam sauce made this stand out much more than I expected.Steamed Pork Buns - a bit pricey at $2.95 each, but the Kurobata pork belly and pickled cucumbers are as tasty as any other version.  Calamansi Lime-ade and Vietnamese Ice Coffee - a bit too much ice for my liking but great flavor, especially the lime-ade.Overall, I was extremely happy with my meal here.  The prices are reasonable for the area and every item was obviously made with careful marination and spices.  The meat selection offers enough variety that you can come back often without getting tired of the limited item selection and each meat type I tried was extremely well done.    It's not just a bunch of items thrown together with nice sounding names like organic and kurobata.  The story of the founders (working at some of the best restaurants in the US) seems to be reflected in the food/ingredient quality and I'm positive I'll return to try more items.  To put it simply, Spice Kit is a permanent resident (7 days a week) of some of the best food types that have become extremely popular with food trucks like Chairman Bao and Little Green Cyclo.I read in another review they have Hitachino Nest Japanese Beer (loved it at a tasting menu I had, but couldn't find it at Mitsuwa or Nijiya) so will have to look for that at my next visit.  Casual street food and beer = sounds like a winning combination for an Eatup.  :)  Spice Kit accepts credit cards, including American Express.
<review# 2293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,12/29/2012,1533,1062,16,22,19>I always get froyo when I go to Clear Optometry, and was so happy when I first started to go to them that they carried cupcakes from That Takes The Cake.  However, when I last walked in a couple months ago I saw that they were carrying Sibby's cupcakes.  I was always curious about their cupcakes after hearing so much about them.  It was the perfect opportunity to try them too since Sibby's only takes orders of a dozen minimum.  I decided to share a red velvet cupcake with him.  The cupcake was perfectly moist and the cream cheese frosting wasn't overly sweet.  The frosting was also not soft but not so hard, perfect for eating and not getting smeared all over your face.  It packed a punch, but didn't throw a knock out.  I would say that Sibby's red velvet is on my top five list of best red velvets.
<review# 2294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2012,12/28/2012,105,88,,10,3>I've tried a lot of hot chocolates in the past year.  Grom, the authentic Italian gelateria serves an excellent one (sadly they're only in Malibu and NY outside of Italy), and Mayfield Bakery also has a pretty good one, though it looks nicer than it tastes.  Monique's is on par with Grom (though I like Grom a little better with the fresh cream), but goes one step further by offering many different options.  Cocoa from different countries, Ghana is the one that I chose last time.  I had it with mint and hazelnut milk.  It was really good, but the kind of jolt that you get from an espresso.  You don't often experience that kind of richness from a hot chocolate, but the chap who runs the place is quite serious about his chocolate.  I admire any business owner who works the counter and takes his craft seriously.  I only wish that they served the hot chocolate a little bit hotter because it's kind of lukewarm when it comes out.  I'm intrigued by the 100% cacao chocolate in the glass display.  I may have to try it sometime, but it sounds like it would be bitter as hell.  This is definitely a worthwhile place to stop by and try once, especially after a nice dinner near University Ave.  Osteria is my companion pick thusfar.
<review# 2295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,12/27/2012,263,206,,11,7>This place is tied with Yakitori Kokko in San Mateo for my favorite Japanese Restaurant in the Bay Area. My only complaint about this restaurant is that every time I have ever been here (easily over a dozen in the last 2 years), they have ALWAYS ran out of at least one of the items I ordered. But who can really blame them? It's just that good!A few of my favorite items on the menu that keeps me coming back:Chicken sashimi- I never would have thought I would willingly eat raw chicken in the US. I only had this dish once because I never saw it again but it was so good! I ask for it every time but it may have been retired from the menu by now.Chicken salad- Not your traditional chicken salad. I really like the tangy light dressing they use and the fried wonton strips go really well with the dish. I love it as a shared appetizer with my friends.Oyaku-don-This is the only oyaku-don dish I have ever liked in my life. I also refuse to share this dish because it is so delicious. Even if I'm stuffed, I still insist on finishing every last grain of rice in the bowl.Sesame panna cotta-Very light and not too sweet while retaining a creamy texture. The sesame is also fairly fine and not gritty.Frozen custard pudding-This is like frozen creme brulee. Do I even need to say more?Oolong-hi-My favorite cocktail! It is Oolong iced tea with a shot of souchu.House tea--I love their tea. Just something about it that is so delicious. Unfortunately I don't know enough about tea to elaborate more on it other than it just tastes very fresh.
<review# 2296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,12/26/2012,169,123,5,3,3>Tried a bunch of stuff. Liked them all. Fave would have to be Passion Fruit black tea con boba. My friends' other favorites are the Jasmine Green and Roasted Barley Milk Teas. They've got stamp cards for the (un?)fortunate addicts *AHEM BOYFRIEND*. Convenience is unparalleled: close to my dance studio, next to good eats. This here is my recipe for a good time:1. Whip out a finger. No, not that one!2. Point randomly at a drink.3. If you're lactose intolerant (like me), don't get a milk tea of whatever it is you pointed at.4. Add boba / pearls / bobes / whatever word of choice you would call those delicious spheres of goodness.5. Secretly think, "HURRY UP & TAKE MY MONEY"6. Read all the names on the stamp cards on the wall. Laugh at some.7. Drink yo beverage. Enjoy.
<review# 2297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,12/25/2012,149,493,2,2,2>One of my most favoriate ramen places in the bay area. -The Tonkatsu ramen had a very nice brothy and sweet flavor-The Tan tan ramen offers a nice spicy kick-The Butter corn ramen, loaded up with cornCompared to others, the soups here are pretty legit and the noodles are cooked just right. They have such an extensive ramen menu, its going to take me a while to get through it!
<review# 2298,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/18/2012,12/24/2012,711,1140,14,18,19>The "Indian Chipotle"+Easy Menu +Quick, fast, inexpensive lunch (-$10)+Takeout but there's tables outside (always sunny in Palo Alto). *LAMB TIKKA BOWL ($8) w/lava chutney and naan chips ($2.5). Fresh ingredients with vibrant colors and flavors, just wish they weren't so skimpy on the meat and rice. The lamb was pretty tender though, I preferred it to Mrs G's Chicken Daal bowl. Definitely more of a lunch sized portion than for dinner takeout. (yelp.com/biz_photos/0gE8)That's cool how the Asian Chipotle (Asian Box) is just up the corner. Maybe someone will do the Thai Chipotle next? Shoot, maybe I should do the Filipino Chipotle! Mmmmm. 3.25 stars. (yelp.com/biz_photos/0gE8) (yelp.com/biz_photos/0gE8)
<review# 2299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,12/23/2012,190,256,2,3,2>This place should be called "The Living Rooms" rather than "The Living Room".  The place is set up with a bunch of living rooms so that parties can get together in their own living room complete with couches, tables, TVs and I think a few have fireplaces.I came here for Sunday brunch with a large group and had brilliant time.  Good and polite crowd.  Bring an extra $10 here for Sunday brunch and perhaps take public transportation as the Caltrain is nearby.  As I say many times, you can thank me later.  :)
<review# 2300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2012,12/22/2012,53,124,11,9,9>How I didn't know about this place in my own backyard is beyond me. I found it while walking along University Ave. tonight and was so excited to see what appeared to be a legit macaron shop, recently opened. I tried (and ate) a box of 6 macarons, including my staple, the Salted Caramel. They were all fantastic. And I'm a harsh critic. 4-Stars for the best macarons I've had outside of Paris in a very long time. As many macaron lovers will attest, Pierre Hermes is the absolute best. Laduree comes in a distant second (wonderful flavors, terrible execution). Everyone else is...well, not Pierre, so once you've had his it's really unfair to judge anyone else. But here we are.As a macaron fanatic I can say whole heartedly that Chantal Guillon is better than Laduree. Their execution is better...it's not perfect but none of my macarons were hollow or fell apart the way Laduree's always do. There was the right amount of 'chew' with the cookie and the fillings were the perfect consistency. The Salted Caramel was divine...the perfect amount of salt to sweet. The Lavender was equally good in its own way-if you aren't into floral flavors you might not like it but I suggest trying it at least once, as well as the Rose. I liked the dark chocolate more than any other (dark chocolate macarons) I've tried because it wasn't filled with ganache...I hate ganache in macarons...it's too hard for the overall cookie to handle and CG's is perfect.For those of you complaining about the price...the ingredients are not cheap (good almond flour is expensive, even if you make it yourself) and the technique is very difficult to master. I've spent several years working on mine and it's an alignment of the stars to get a batch to come out properly. You're paying for experience, creativity and the overall delicious result. It's French, for crying out loud. They are notorious for using an arduous 3-day process to make what seems like a simple treat. This is why good croissants, macarons and canelés are expensive. This is also why, when I have a bad macaron I get pissed that I paid so much (I'm looking at you, Miette; you too, Laduree)...because opening a shop that sells macarons means you have done it...you've figured out how the hell to make these things correctly more than once in a blue moon and you can charge for it...so they better be right. Lucky for us, Chantal Guillon gets them as right as you can without going to Paris (okay and Bouchon up in Yountville).Get at least a box of 6...one is not enough!Oh and men, bring your lady a dozen of these babies and you'll get whatever you want. Pinky swear.
<review# 2301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2012,7/9/2012,905,867,5,17,10>Mitsunobu is the REAL deal.  It's the only one in a long line of top tier Japanese restaurants in the Bay Area that has exceeded my expectations.  Although prices are high, it's a welcome and refreshing replacement for the stalwart Kaygetsu that occupied the space prior.  I arrived for lunch and although it's been many years since I had a kaiseki meal at Kaygetsu, the interior decor and layout appeared the same.  The lunch menu has thankfully expanded greatly from when they first opened and now includes sushi, sashimi, as well as a la carte cooked and combination selections.  I decided to choose a variety of items that piqued my interest and although I over-ordered (my wallet wasn't happy), I was happy to do so.KCO's Chirashi - one of the priciest chirashi I've had at $32, but a top notch quality and generous selection of fantastic cuts, ranging from amaebi, uni, kanpachi, chutoro, and maguro.  Presentation was gorgeous and the rice was excellent.  My only complaint was the lack of pickled vegetables and mushrooms.Sushi Sampler - at $9 for 3 pieces of nigiri, it's clear the sushi here is expensive.  My sample consisted of tuna, sea bass, and flounder.  Sounds fairly ho-hum.  However, combined with the in-house made soy sauce, it was excellent.  I'd argue that tuna (maguro) here was better quality than the toro at many places in the Bay Area.  A brief word about their house brewed soy sauce. It's pretty recognizable as the flavor is slightly sweet and intense, though the waitress kindly pretended I had a refined palate for recognizing it.  They call it  Bonito "Hon Kaiseki" Soy Sauce and while the flavor is different, it reminds me of the soy sauce from my favorite Japanese restaurant in the US, Raku in Las Vegas.Jidori Egg Chawanmushi - I'll be honest.  I have no idea what a Jidori egg is.  But I like chawanmushi so decided to order.  Absolutely gorgeous presentation combined with an intense broth flavor and the silkiest egg custard I've ever had.  I thought Akane's version was basic but very good.  Mitsunobu's is basic too, but even better with eel, shrimp, and fish cake.  Overall, I had a memorable lunch.  After trying a string of high tier Japanese restaurants (Sakae, Yuzu, Jin Sho, Hatcho Ju Hachi) to leave feeling slightly unsatisfied and disappointed given the price, Mitsunobu is a refreshing change.  Back in the day when I had tried Kaygetsu, I enjoyed it but thought Wakuriya to be better and less stagnant.  Mitsunobu firmly takes the mantle back as the best high tier Japanese in the Bay Area and definitely has a modern take on that great cuisine.I will definitely be back for dinner.  As a value guy, I realize that high prices typically reflect ambiance or presentation and, frankly, I oftentimes would rather not have those things.  But Mitsunobu brings them altogether so well that I was happy when I left.  Yes, the prices are more fit for the VC folks that work nearby and the 18% automatic gratuity is hard to swallow, but after lunch here, I am looking forward to my return meal more than I would a Michelin star restaurant (which they will prob soon earn).I can't afford to eat at a place like this very often, but we should feel fortunate it's so nearby.  Highly recommended as a top tier Japanese choice. [For mid-tier, I'd stick with Tomi Sushi and for budget tier I'd recommend Homma's Brown Rice]Mitsunobu accepts credit cards, including American Express.
<review# 2302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2012,7/8/2012,637,255,8,14,10>Sundance is great for happy hour, business lunches/dinners, as well as celebrating an anniversary or a birthday. Or you can just come here when you want a good steak for no reason!We opted for happy hour followed by the sunset dinner for my boyfriend's birthday last week. A chilled vodka martini and some bar nuts held us over until the kitchen opened at 5pm. For apps we ordered the chilled prawn cocktail, which is always guaranteed to please, as well as the filet mignon spring rolls. The prawns are gigantic and juicy and although I am generally not a fan of cocktail sauce, I do like the one served here. The spring rolls were solid and did the trick of holding our hunger at bay. We swished those appetizers down with some refreshing, amazing Moscow Mules - I loved that they were served in copper mugs!For those of you not aware of the Sunset Dinner at Sundance: from 5-6pm everyday of the week you can get a soup or salad and one of eight entrees served with warm sourdough bread, veggies and another side of your choice for just $22. This is a steal and great when you are wanting an early dinner with a wow factor. The bottle of wine we brought had already been opened and was breathing on the table reserved for us in the dining room. We moved over from the bar and opted for some seared ahi tuna sashimi. The portion was extremely generous and the fish was great in both texture and flavor. To start off our Sunset Dinner we both ordered the soup of the day - prime rib barley and vegetable soup. It did not disappoint with its chunks of tender meat and hearty broth. I wouldn't mind at all seeing this as a regular soup on the menu. Our choice for the main entree was the same - USDA Prime Top Sirloin Steak. I ordered mine with the creamed spinach, which is heaven here! The steaks were perfectly cooked and certainly one of the best I have had in the Bay Area steakhouses. The server that had sung to us for our anniversary dinner recognized us and came over to say hello, only to come back shortly after and sing Happy Birthday for my boyfriend. Our main server was very attentive throughout the meal and an absolute sweetheart. He brought out their famous Mud Pie for dessert - coffee ice cream with an Oreo cookie crust topped with fudge, whipped cream, and chopped peanuts. If you have space left in your belly after dinner here, you have to get this!Another great experience here made it a very memorable special day.
<review# 2303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,7/7/2012,227,292,2,5,6>I had no idea this place was so good!  I always thought it was a mediocre fast food sushi place.  Everything I ate was DELICIOUS. They even made my rolls without seaweed per my request.  A tad bit pricey, but the portions are very generous and worth every penny!
<review# 2304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,7/6/2012,439,150,5,6,6>This is baby goat central. When we visited on Saturday they had 80 of them with another 100 or so on the way. The garden is gorgeous, and the farmhouse has a little store and an Alice-in-Wonderland-style dining room. It's a great place to pick up some really amazing goat cheese and they have some other cute items in their shop.So there are all sorts of things that we haven't done here - the meals look really amazing (though pricey) and there's a 2-hour tour of the farm. The tour that was going on during our visit got to witness a baby goat birth, which is kind of out of the ordinary. Unfortunately at this point the only things our kid can do for 2 hours is look at photos of herself on an iPhone or play with bubbles.
<review# 2305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2012,7/5/2012,1175,863,17,19,15>This is a beautiful (and large) park in a gorgeous setting off Skyline in Woodside.  There's a $6 entrance fee but I don't mind paying that when the money goes to preserving a lovely park like this.  There's a ton of space to run around and play, plenty of places to hike and explore, and facilities available so you don't have to pop a squat and wee in the woods.  There are tables and barbecues for your picnicing pleasure as well.  A great spot to spend a day away from the rat race.
<review# 2306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,7/4/2012,1533,1062,22,24,20>I made a reservation for bf & I for V-Day weekend brunch after hearing a slew of rave reviews.  It was hard deciding what to order since everything sounded so appealing!  However, I got the chilaquiles & he got the chicken and waffles with the bottomless mimosa (of course we shared).  They really do keep it bottomless, most of the time the glass was half emptied at most and they would always walk around and fill it back up.  Instead of champagne though they use sparkling wine but it still tasted fine and hit the spot. Finally my huge order of the chilaquiles and his plentiful order of chicken & waffles.  The chilaquiles was a huge portion of tortillas, shredded chicken, peppers, avocado, cheese & sour cream & an egg.  It was more of a lunch or dinner entree because it felt like an enchilada or a Mexican lasagna, but it was very tasty though heavy.  His chicken & waffles came with gravy along side the syrup & had a bacon cheddar waffle.  We couldn't taste the cheddar or the bacon in the waffle but the Belgian waffle had a nice consistency & the chicken was moist and nicely crisp.  Town has a nice ambiance for brunch, dinner or for drinks with your girls or boys.  The food though kind of pricey is delicious and you won't leave feeling hungry.  Town makes me take the risk of possibly bumping into people from high school in exchange for some good food!
<review# 2307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2012,7/3/2012,100,285,51,54,52>A year ago, I never would have dreamed of being a Yelper; I didn't even know what one was.  The notion of me astride my trusty hog, riding into this place, with my new theme music ("Bad to the Bone") queued up in my head while I daydreamed about driving up the side of the Sears Tower wasn't exactly on my radar screen either.  Backing up a bit, I rode motorcycles in college, but stopped after dumping my last bike over a cliff in Del Mar when the engine seized.  I got interested in checking out the sport again, and I've been yelping my adventures as I've gone along. yelp.com/list/channeling My trusty hog not withstanding (well, maybe it's actually a Kawaskaki Ninja 250...), I came to the infamous Alice's Restaurant with a friend on a warm, sunny, cloudlessly clear March day in 2012.  For my first 21st century street ride, he took me on a tour of the many beautiful back roads and vistas leading up to and along the "spine" of Silicon Valley (Skyline Drive, Alpine Road, Highway 24, etc.).  We rode for about 90 minutes, and it was a perfect 75 degrees at 1:00pm, which was when we hit the parking lot.A truly unique, one-of-a-kind restaurant in a stunningly beautiful setting, the 1st thing I noticed was the other motorcycles in the parking lot.  You name it, and you're pretty likely to find it here on a warm weekend afternoon.  Turning away from the lot, you'll see the restaurant itself, which is nestled in the Purisma Creek Redwoods, with great views from the front patio of trees, windy country roads, and the amazing cross-section of people you'll find at Alice's.Alice's is a seat-yourself restaurant, and it was totally packed when we arrived.  My John Wayne day didn't fail me though; a table right by the rail on the front patio freed up just as we wandered by it, so there we sat!  A waitress came by and gave us some menus.At this point, my recently well-honed Yelping photography skills totally failed me; between the adrenaline rush from the ride, the perfect spring day, and the idyllic place my head was in, I didn't even think to take food pictures!  Fear not, fellow Yelpers; I won't leave you totally high and dry...I ordered a BMW (bacon, mushroom, worchester) burger with a side of garlic fries.  The service here is leisurely, it took 25-30 minutes before we got our food, but I was flying on Cloud 9, and wasn't bothering in the least!  I had a couple of cups of coffee while I waited (I hadn't had any yet that day, but my system was pumpin' so much adrenaline I didn't notice!)  Not expresso or latte; no Hipster coffee at Alice's - they pour watery grade 3 (the grades in descending order being Java, Coffee, Joe, Jamoke, and Carbon Remover) that would make any Mainframe Datacenter proud!  It tasted more like dishwater than coffee, but I was in too good a space not to just lean back and enjoy it anyway!When it came, my BMW burger was the best damn burger I've had since the pigs ate my little brother :-) The garlic fries were Killer, with a tinge of spiciness; they left me with garlic fire breath that could knock dead any CHP officer silly enough to want to stop me and see my M1 license...After a very pleasant interlude at Alice's, we decided it was time to hit the road again, so we paid the check, climbed into our gear, and headed our bikes toward home.  All told, an amazingly pleasant stop at a truly unique place.  I'm sure I'll be back![The End]Alice's name is taken from a 1960s draft-protest song which is 22 minutes long, and totally hysterical IMHO; it's one of the many pieces of old pop culture that haunts the junk yard which serves me for a mind to this day.  Here's an excerpt:"They got a building down New York City, it's called Whitehall Street, where you walk in, you get injected, inspected, detected, infected, neglected and selected.  I went down to get my physical examination one day, and I walked in, I sat down, got good and drunk the night before, so I looked and felt my best when I went in that morning.  `Cause I wanted to look like the all-American kid from New York City, man I wanted, I wanted to feel like the all-, I wanted to be the all American kid from New York, and I walked in, sat down, I was hung down, brung down, hung up, and all kinds o' mean nasty ugly things. And I walked in and sat down and they gave me a piece of paper, said, "Kid, see the Psychiatrist, Room 604."And I went up there, I said, "Shrink, I want to kill.  I mean, I wanna kill. Kill. I wanna see, I wanna see blood and gore and guts and veins in my teeth.  Eat dead burnt bodies. I mean kill, Kill, KILL, KILL."  And I started jumpin up and down yelling, "KILL, KILL," and he started jumpin up and down with me and we was both jumping up and down yelling, "KILL, KILL."  And the sergeant came over, pinned a medal on me, sent me down the hall, said, "You're our boy."Didn't feel too good about it."- From the song Alice's Restaurant, By Arlo Guthrie
<review# 2308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2012,7/2/2012,364,222,4,11,4>Loving this new Korean place in town. Glad to be able to add this place to my go to places for Korean food when I get the craving.Located in the old Chipotle building, I was excited to try this place out.  When opening the menu I was great shock to see that their menu was quite extensive.  They sell quite a few traditional Korean dishes that I've not seen other places sell.  I've probably been here a handful of times and every dish has been delicious.  Not only is the food right on par, the service from the owners here is fabulous.  They have given us anything from free soju to free desserts.  I will defiantly be coming back here soon!
<review# 2309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,7/1/2012,123,215,5,6,7>Ahhh! How have I not reviewed my favorte Ramen place in the Bay Area! Ok, here goes.I only moved to San Fran a few months ago from Chicago - being deprived of Ramen in Chitown caused me to go on a mad eating spree of all the key Ramen places from South Bay to San Fran. I've tried Ramen Dojo, Orenchi, Santa Ramen, Himawari, Marimoto, Maru Maru, Maru Ichi, and a bunch more.Ramen Dojo and Orenchi come out on top fer sure! Here's why:-Ramen Dojo has the best broth! It's uniquely flavored, thick, fluffy, intense, a spicy kick, yet smooth and melting in your mouth. I've been there a few times and it's consistent!   Its Kuro (or black ramen) is the best! Much better than Maru Ichi. A totally different flavor than the butter broth at Orenchi. The noodles are good as well.- I brought my non-asian friend there one time, and she basically inhaled the ramen.-One suggestion is add some cabbage to the broth - it really balances out the thickness of the broth and adds texture to your experience!  We also typically get some edamame to start with, to get more veggies into our diet before slurping up the ramen. -Yes the lines are painful. This place is like 3 times smaller than Orenchi. It's a hole in the wall.  If we arrive like 40 minutes before opening, we can sometimes guarantee a first round spot to sit. But if you get there after it fills up, you wait a while. (sigh) The price of yummy ramen.-This is definitely my ramen place to go to outside of Hawaii!
<review# 2310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,6/30/2012,152,386,4,5,4>* Disclaimer: I've never lived in Boston, but I trust NYC's renditions are fairly accurate.... And I miss a good lobster roll.So with some hesitation and much excitement, I came here for one thing and one thing only.  LOBSTER ROLL! For $18.75, it sure lived up to expectation! Maine lobster roll = Delicious fat chunks of lobster meat with just the right amount of mayo-based dressing, all slathered between a tasty toasted bun. *drool...*Oh, and the CHOWDAH that my husband got was one large bowl of creamy deliciousness with large chunks of clam. Seating is on an after-you-order rolling basis, so expect a little bit of a wait at peak times.  But definitely worth it!
<review# 2311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2009,12/20/2009,278,355,6,10,10>I came here just to check it out and hang out with my tri buddy that I hadn't seen in over a month.  He mentioned that this place had some cool ultra-endurance type stuff.  He wasn't lying.Lots of great stuff for trail running, lighting, hydration packs, and the latest in minimalist shoes.  My initial intent was to leave this place with maybe just a cup of expresso, but instead somehow I ended up with a pair of Vibram Five Fingers shoes... it felt really nice, like I was running barefoot, so I had to try a pair.  Hopefully this will help me break my long-stride heel strike habit.The folks here do ultra-trailrunning themselves so you know they speak from experience.  You'll get the best pros/cons of various equipment, shoe feedback, etc.  I hear the coffee is great too, next time hopefully that's what I'll get instead.
<review# 2312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2009,12/19/2009,217,249,5,5,5>I can't often validate spending $16 on a sandwich but when I can, it's The Refuge. I'm from the NY area so we're kind of particular when it comes to corned beef or pastrami. But seriously folks... this is the best pastrami I've ever tasted! It's like butter. It just melts into a tiny burst of heaven in your mouth. It's got the proper proportions of sauerkraut and dressing and I am freakin PICKY about my rye bread, too but they've got it down pat!This is no place to go for a "low cal" meal but if you want the most delicious rueben you've ever had, this is THE place. Now, onto the beers! God, I LOVE the beers here! They're fabulous! I'm a Belgian beer fan already but this is great! I love how they have all of the appropriate glasses for ever beer. On a side note, because I know you beer lovers don't care (scoff), some of the beers are like 12% alcohol and really yummy! I like the one called The Gnome, personally.Decor wise is the only area they lost a star. It's pretty bland. But in the end, when you're stuffed to the gills and drunk as a skunk, you won't even notice that!
<review# 2313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2009,12/18/2009,12,183,7,12,9>Came here for dinner the other night. It was actually my first time trying lobster. My friend and I ordered the Maine roll and a Naked roll so I could taste the lobster without any other flavors with it. I actually ended up not liking the plain lobster taste but the Maine roll had mayo, green onions, and salt & pepper which was delicious! It was the perfect flavor combination and the bread for the roll was tasty (crispy like it had been toasted and with butter). The bread is what made the sandwich just THAT good.It's a bit pricey. You'll probably spend around $20-30 a person, but the food is top quality and you get a decent amount of lobster.We arrived for dinner between 5:30-6pm and got the last table. There are not a lot of tables, but people come and go quickly enough that you should be able to get a table before your food is ready (you order at the front counter, so be prepared to stand around waiting for a table). Or just plan on an early dinner to beat the crowds.
<review# 2314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2009,12/16/2009,151,182,21,11,10>Before Universe, my definition of "pedicure" involved being sprawled out on the floor in front of a John Waters movie with what could be very loosely described as "cheese puffs" scattered about my acetone-scented feet. No matter how lonely and shamefully crass I made the procedure, I always managed to outdo my low expectations and disappoint myself with my lack of hand/eye coordination. Thankfully, since I'm an artist (or at least someone who plays one at parties), people just assume that I'm defying fashion convention, and I don't have the heart to tell them that their enthusiasm, like a little goth girl screaming "hail Satan!" at a HIM concert, is appreciated but tragically misplaced. I've considered getting a nice girlfriend to do my toes or me, but as you might guess from my OkCupid profile, I have none of the domestic skills that make a relationship possible. The first time I tried to cook dinner for my house I nearly killed everybody because I didn't know how a gas stove worked. My idea of doing the dishes is filling the sink with soapy water and letting physics sort it out. My driving is so bad I was turned down for a job walking dogs. If you think about that for more than five seconds your eyeballs will pop out of your head and you'll wake up married to your toaster.When my friend offered to take me out for a pedicure, I was a little nervous about it, not only because it was my first time and I was pretty sure I would look like a total n00b, but also because I knew if I really liked how it turned out I would never be able to do my toes myself again. My narcissistic neurosis. Let me show you it.Being the novice that I was about these sorts of things, I neglected to call and make an appointment somewhere, and so we ended up going with Universe because it was the closest salon to where I lived that accepted walk-ins.We were seated upon arriving, and were given little cups of water and baggies of fruit. I got comfy in my Sharper Image-esque chair, they put my feet in the hot, bubbling water and I felt over twenty years of tension just bubble off of me. I almost wanted to call my Dad up and be all "hey, I just wanted you to know I don't hate you for blowing my college fund on Keystone Light. I'm not going to blame you anymore, because blaming you would only be avoiding the real issue: Why do you drink shitty beer?"When what's-her-name massaged my feet and calves, it felt so incredible and relaxing that once or twice I nearly fell asleep in my chair. It felt like someone was taking my legs off, rubbing out all the knots in them, and reattaching them to my leg, good as new. Just not so horrifically graphic. She really took her time with me, too. By the time she was done with the massage, I had already forgotten that I was getting my toes painted.She was really pretty, too. And cool. My friend had suggested that I bring capris, but seeing as I had no capris, I decided that a halter dress was an adequate substitute (did I mention I don't get invited often to social gatherings?). Every time she lifted my foot my dress would slip back, and while normally I would be excited at the opportunity to show a pretty girl my underwear, this was one of the few instances where I understood that it was not appropriate. Still, she was very cool with it, and although I was very visibly embarrassed by it she didn't make a scene about it. She even gave me a back rub while I waited for my toes to dry, which I doubt was part of the pedicure process. You have seduced me with your wiles, nail lady who I didn't bother to ask for a name.And my toes looked spectacular. They look so good that I haven't worn open toed shoes since I got the pedi, lest I chip the paint and ruin an otherwise immaculate paint job.  She did such a good job, I'm afraid to show it off. I keep my toes buried in chucks and mary janes, occasionally pulling them out for a shower or both and smiling. Do I always sound this sappy and lame?Godammit, how am I ever going to muster the motivation to paint my nails again when this place is within walking distance. So much for that "independence" I moved all the way out here for. Eventually I will get a job and will be able to afford my own pedis, and when I do I will start coming here regularly. In the meantime I'm guarding these toes like the Guggenheim.
<review# 2315,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/24/2009,12/15/2009,300,1398,4,8,6>Since this place opened, I've been wanting to try it. I've been intrigued by the ambiance: the dark lighting, trendy interior and good looking people inside.The restaurant is situated right next to La Strada and from the street view, you're unable to see the name of either restaurant, but if you crane you're neck upwards, then you'll see their names. I accidentally went to La Strada first and I guess this happens a lot because when they didn't have my reservation, the guy said "you must be at our other restaurant, Joya" and he personally walked me next door and held the door open for me to enter Joya.The interior is uber trendy and very SF. I'm not quite sure that PA is ready for such a restaurant, but Palo Altoans must be because the place was packed. I especially liked the wall dividers, but what's with the cloud motifs? I didn't feel that it fit in with the ambiance. Lighting, like all trendy restaurants, was "mood lighting" and there were candles on each table and occasional chandeliers sprinkled throughout the ceiling.Okay, now to the food. This is what we ordered:-Kobe beef mini burgers ($11): DELISH! The beef was juicy and tender and loved the chipotle mayo. A definite recommendation!-Braised short rib tacos ($9.50): short ribs were also very tender and juicy and had a nice punch of flavor. I liked the tortilla that it was on...I think it was corn?-Grilled Walu w/saffron vinaigrete ($21): Walu is a butterfish. It was okay, nothing too special.-Roasted butternut squash & wild almond short cake ($9): came with pumpkin ice cream but to be honest, it really had no taste. The almond short cake was delish and the cubes of butternut squash didn't really hold its taste here. The whole dish reminded me of Thanksgiving.I felt the food was okay. I definitely agree with Season F. in that it can be "hit or miss" so Yelpers, definitely read the dishes that people recommend so that you'll get a fine dining experience! Service was great, waters were refilled multiple times and the  staff formally addressed you before taking you're place, "Miss, may I take your plate?"But I can see how the ambiance trumps the food. I'd definitely come back, if not for the food then to grab a few drinks after work or to meet up with some friends.
<review# 2316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2009,12/14/2009,84,133,5,5,5>I've driven by this place about half a million times, and never even noticed it. I'd even purchased fish from the place next door, but somehow completely over looked this place. And easily missing this place, may be part of their charm and appeal, as space is pretty limited inside. If this place were more popular, it would undoubtedly influence the service, charm and experience. Therefore, let's keep this place our little secret! - Okay?This place is very homey, and comfortable with a terrific wait staff. We arrived Saturday night a few minutes before closing (about 7:50pm, and they close at 8pm, though their stated time is 8:30pm), and had to wait just a few minutes until a table was ready. We stood and talked, and checked out the dishes that everyone was eating, and the joyful looks on everyone's faces. Everyone looked very contented, as they voraciously dove into their food. This indeed was a good sign.After a few minutes, we were seated, and were quickly perusing the menu. As you could have guessed, it's all about seafood! Steamed clams & mussels, clam chowder, fish & chips (cod or halibut - your choice), cioppino, pastas, crabby garlic bread, calamari, scallops, and the list goes on. They also have very yummy grilled veggies, herb rice, and sweet potato french fries!I was starving and brought a big ole appetite with me, so I ordered their "Clipper" - I think it's called. It's cod, calamari, scallops and shrimp - all deep friend to a golden goodness! Yum. My girlfriend ordered their fish & chips, and a side of their garlic bread.The food was seasoned very well, and not too greasy. However, I think that if they increased the heat of the fryer, the food would be even less greasy. I was trying to be a good boy, and ordered the grilled veggies and herb rice, instead of french fries, and was quite glad that I did! Both were amazing. And the garlic bread was easily the best that I've ever had!Though I don't like recommending this place, as I want to keep it my little secret, I definitely suggest that you check it out, if you like fish & chips! It's way better than Barbara's Fish Trap - sorry, Barbara's! And Sam's isn't even in the running.
<review# 2317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2009,12/12/2009,227,155,8,12,10>I came back here again on Sunday and tried the Traditional Turkish Coffee, it was amazing! I mean, simply amazing. Great tasting coffee, just tad sweet with a hint of some spices. I normally don't like sweet coffee drinks, but I'll make an exception for this one; it's an experience.Speaking of experiences, the owner seemed a bit sad that I asked for it to go. (see my original review on the misjudged coffee nazi) "This drink is supposed to be enjoyed slowly, not when you're rushing around and under stress". I smiled at him and promised that I was on my way to see a close friend and that next time I would sit and enjoy the coffee at his shop -- and I will.Yes, the owner is a bit eccentric, he speaks his mind and can be a bit rough around the edges. That's just his way (remember different cultures view things differently), he's also a very warm and charming man if you have the opportunity to talk with him. (read Jennie Y's review) Whenever I go to Sufi I feel like I'm being invited into his home. It's very warm, spiritual and inviting and I need to play by his rules and be respectful. It's an experience and one that always leaves me feeling better than I did before I came in.
<review# 2318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2009,12/11/2009,318,202,8,10,10>I'm afraid to review this place because than it may no longer become the hidden gem that I've come to love. It's secluded, cute, has great food and good service and outdoor seating. What more can you ask for?! Oh, did I mention that there's plenty o' parking!?Like everyone else has said, the food here is pretty darned good. What's nice about the food is that nothing is "regular" meaning when your order a chicken sandwich you expect lettuce tomatoes and cheese. However, at Tootsie's you get a mouthwatering tender chicken sandwich with a slaw and some capers inside. The Tuna salad comes with Cannellini beans - I mean who would've thought of that?!  The best thing here is there breakfast/brunch. The ricotta pancakes are so fluffy...my mouth just waters thinking about them. Also the Uova alla Romana is such a simple dish but the way the flavors work together is really amazing. Not to mention the breakfast potatoes that come with it are one of the best I've ever had. I love this place so much, I keep begging my husband to come here. It's hard for him to say no because the prices are pretty good - esp. for what you get and the ambiance is really great.  This is a great place for a nice and quiet relaxing breakfast/lunch. It's a shame they close so early, cause I'd come here for dinner too!Two enthusiastic thumbs up for Tootsie's! This place would've gotten the full 5 stars, but the selection here is pretty paltry...you probably would run out of things to order after your 5th visit here. Note to Yelpers: Please don't all come bombarding this place...I like the fact that I can still get a good table whenever I want.
<review# 2319,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/14/2009,12/10/2009,674,366,10,17,13>Coming in from SF on a nice weekend, I decided to drop by Romolo's for a couple of cannolis and just realized that Buon just opened next door so I just dropped by, took a look around and checked whats available. A bit of a selection but I did notice they were a bit authentic. There wasn't too much cheese used in a few of the marinara-type pizzas and it doesn't appear to be oily. They have this deal for 2 pizzas for 5$ so I just went for my usual favorite: Mushroom and Pepperoni (or sausage, I can't remember) and something which had dried tomatoes on . It was around noon time so I was surprised to see only a handful of seniors around (I think these are the same Italian guys who also visit Romolo's in the morning). As soon as I bit into the pizza when I got home, I realized, yes it is authentic. Not bad, it wasn't oily which is a good thing.  The crust was a little hard and I didn''t seem to taste much of the flavor. Lack of sauces? I really wanted to like this place since it's right next to my favorite cannoli place. Maybe it was an 'Off' day, I'll be back to try something else one of these days. Hopefully they don't let me down.
<review# 2320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2009,12/9/2009,836,728,10,13,14>Longing for sushi AND burritoAll I wanted was a regular burrito ($5.55) hereBit into Al Pastor (YUM), black beans, etc. with whole wheat tortillaAte it all in one sitting O_OMmmmmmm burrito craving satisfiedBreakfast? Lunch? And Dinner?And I always enjoy their Melon (cantaloupe) juice!This was the first restaurant that I ate at when I first moved into Mountain View. haha So I've had this bookmarked "to review" since last October?! :P I don't know why, but I'm always craving sushi and a burrito these days. hahaha I just had all you can eat sushi too!! This evening I knew I wanted a burrito and I was already in Downtown Mountain View! I have to say I heart Los Charros, but I haven't had La Bamba in awhile. So I tried their regular burrito ($6.06 tax included) with whole wheat tortilla, black beans, rice, salsa, cilantro, lettuce, and of course AL PASTOR (specially prepared and marinated pork)!!! The Al Pastor meat was amazing!! It was very flavorful, a bit crispy, and just yummy goodness!! A "regular" size burrito is quite a lot for a 5 foot person. I should've stopped eating it half way... but when you see food in front of you and it's good, you'll just keep eating until you can't breathe anymore! bwahahaha :DTheir entrees overall are a bit overpriced ($10-12) for being a taqueria. =\ So I like Los Charros better for a good, cheap burritos. But I guess this place is still decent for the quantity and location! Come here for breakfast, lunch, and or dinner!!! :) There are A LOT of choices! And you can request to have whole wheat or spinach tortilla instead of the usual flour tortilla! :D Whenever I hear the name of this taqueria, I think of the La Bamba song (youtube.com/watch?v=PK2H) and want to dance! :DMmmm I'm burping yummy burrito flavors as I write this review! hahaha Excuse me!Go green take: caltrain, lightrail, VTA buses towards Downtown Mountain View!
<review# 2321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2011,3/9/2012,269,137,9,9,8>I became a coffee snob accidentally, while I wasn't paying attention, because I thought Barefoot Coffee was a good place to go to get some work done (since I can't get anything done while I'm at home). Now, anything that isn't lovingly light-roasted by a really snobby person who has a personal relationship with every coffee farmer he buys green coffeebeans from, is just mud to me. Sorry, Dana Street. I'm just too snobby for your coffee. It's *better* than Red Rock coffee, but it's still not great. You're also a shitty place to work, due to your lack of outlets. Boo.But I love you anyway, because of one key redeeming quality: SUNDAY AFTERNOON LIVE MUSIC. You're now part of a recurring Sunday routine for me. I wake up late (sometimes hung over). I trudge to the Mountain View Farmer's Market for my obscure mushrooms and amazingly cheap mixed greens. I get random crap for free, cuz the farmers are packing up by the time I get there. Then I head over to Dana Street for my caffeine fix and listen to some folk tunes or some jazz number. Such a nice, relaxing moment. It gets me pumped for the rest of the day. Yay!So yah, the live music. That's the winner.
<review# 2322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2011,3/8/2012,293,735,3,4,4>Arrived at 5:10 and the restaurant was half full. Service was really attentive; my water glass was never less than half full during my meal. Dry braised green beans in spicy sauce $8.50 Braised eggplant and pork chop $8.95Rice noodle roll with shrimp $3.95Chow fun with beef and soy sauce $7.50 HK style egg puff $3.50 total including tip $43 Next time I'm going to try some things from Ken K's list. For what it's worth, the egg puffs took less than 5 minutes to arrive.
<review# 2323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2011,3/7/2012,198,547,4,9,6>This is my second time having dinner here. They have a $35 fixed price 3 course menu and their wine selection is IMPECCABLE!!!I didn't go for the 3 course menu last night as I wasn't in the mood for too much food after the holidays. I opted for the Mahi Mahi and it was topped with capers and salty just enough to burst with flavor but not too overpowering that it took away from the taste of the fish.The owner is something else! What a lively character! He lives and breathes this restaurant and I saw him give away placemats to the patrons sitting next to us after they were admiring them.I remember the bread pudding dessert as being heavenly but definitely not great for the "dieters" out there..but ohh it was tasty.As for the location, it's not that hidden.. any idiot with common sense can walk down a hallway!  However, I would call this place a "hidden gem". Excellent red wine selection (at $10 a glass), excellent service and superb quality .. and very reasonable prices for a steakhouse!
<review# 2324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2011,3/6/2012,33,23,22,16,16>Some people are addicted to food. Others to drinking. For me, it's the Stanford Dish. When my friends won't pick up the phone, the Dish is still there for me. When my boyfriend dumps me, I can still make a lap around the Dish, teary eyed and all. It's my comfort food, my best friend, stress relief, and so much more.The Dish is a 3.5 mile loop of hills and beautiful bay area views, a vastly open space with few trees and little to no greenery. It has a very communal feel, often packed with families, mom's running with strollers, friends catching up on a walk and couples holding hands. Tough workout, even if you just choose to walk, but very relaxing and calming at the same time. It's also very safe. I've yet to be attacked by a cow or a deer. The only minor inconvenience I've experienced is parking, which can get difficult if you come during peak hours. One secret hidden gem is the elementary school nearby, where you can park effortlessly, but only during after school and weekend hours ofcourse. Overall, I highly recommend the Stanford Dish because it will fulfill many of your needs. It's a great place to get in shape, reflect on life, gossip with friends and pretend to appreciate nature. Don't forget that it's a great date idea too! Trust me, I would know, I've brough several of my many, many dates here, and it works every time!So have I convinced you yet? Yeah? Well then, get up and get out there. I'll see you soon!
<review# 2325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,3/5/2012,21,192,3,7,3>I am suspicious of tapas in general -- to me, they are basically tiny fussy plates of food that (a) you are forced to share and (b) cost more than regular sized entrees. Makes no sense. It's like a Latin version of dimsum, except tapas cost about 5 times more.That being said, I'm now a Cascal convert. The outdoor seating is great (duh) but especially so with little ones, and the food really surprised us -- flavorful, interesting, and filling. Still a little on the pricey side for us, but feels like it's worth it. Tasty cocktails too, a nice treat for me in my husband's beer-centric world. Only downside is that the happy hour food specials are only available in the bar area which is almost always way too crowded.
<review# 2326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2012,3/4/2012,81,144,5,7,6>Went here for dinner with the bf after being told by landlord that a new yakitori place had opened in the area. They had told me that the food was affordable, but yakitori was not as good as kokko's (and I had read this on several of the reviews too) so I adjusted my expectations accordingly.We went on a Monday night at 7:45pm. No wait, which was awesome. The decor at this place is amazing. Each table is enclosed in its own glass cube, and you take off your shoes and sit on comfortable cushions.We ordered the hamachi collar, croquette, and a bunch of yakitori (spicy kurobuta sausage, chicken with spicy mayo, chicken with honey yuzu, lamb, wagyu beef, duck breast, bacon enoki and bacon asparagus). Everything was very tasty, except that the hamachi had a bunch of burnt parts that I could not eat, and the lamb was pretty dry (would not get again). They also had a buy 2 get 1 free drink special, so we got the grape, strawberry and calpico shochu. Total came out to $60 before tip and after the Yelp and drink discount, which was pretty good. I'll definitely be back to try the ramen - we didn't get it this time since we have plenty of other ramen places in the area. They forgot one of our orders, but it came out pretty quickly after we reminded them.
<review# 2327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2011,3/3/2012,160,351,3,5,5>So. much. fun!!While I'm not the most athletic or skilled person out there (maybe a little more girly girl than I'd like to admit), I still had a great time here with my friends. You get to deck out in a racing suit, helmet, neck padding (yes, this part scared me a little), and go at it. The go-carts are only a couple inches off the ground so it feels EXTRA fast. The steering wheel is tight and hard to turn, but the carts have great control and braking. Overall, the place is organized, clean, and well-run, which only adds to the experience. It's not cheap ($7 for the license + $25 for 10 minutes of Hot Laps), but I've never experienced speed or racing like this.. and I liked it. (:
<review# 2328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2011,3/2/2012,94,189,3,6,7>Great local hangout in downtown RWC!Came here with a friend last week after enjoying lobster rolls nearby, and we hung out on a cozy couch, played Connect 4 until we forgot the name of the game, and had a great time overall!The place was a bit deserted at first, but then more people showed up, so the atmosphere got better.Loved the wine out of a keg, really cool!
<review# 2329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,3/1/2012,137,251,5,6,4>Last Thursday, San Mateo brought in thousands of people into the Event Center for food trucks galore and entertainment. My first reaction was: Wow, this is more people than Off the Grid in SF! First of all, it might be because Off the Grid has been around already and this event is new with new trucks from this South/East side of the Bay. Second, the South/East Bay has been waiting for something closer!Man, is this only in America? An attraction is a bunch of food trucks where people wait 1 hour for food...and where other people must try something from each truck and have to unbutton their pants and/or muffin top it???Anyway, I like this location. It's big enough and great on a nice day. The Mobile Feast offered tons of trucks unfamiliar to SF and some familiar. Some trucks there were: Curry Up Now, Armadillo Willy's, Babaloo, Cabana Daves, Hiya Roll, Iz It, Karas Cupcakes, Mamas Empanadas, MoGo BBQ, Treatbot and much more.The atmosphere is lovely, with tons of people with the same mission as you as well as live bands playing in the background. Parking in the center costs $10 (heck no! that's a whole meal!) but I went just a 3 minute walk away to the residential area. Saved money + lost 2 calories before I gained 500 more. I'm not sure if the amount of people will die down, but there's not much sitting area so bring a blanket or some chairs and relax on the lawn!Why wait 'till Thanksgiving for a feast?
<review# 2330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2011,2/29/2012,64,97,3,7,5>Upon first impression I'd say this place is a 3.5 . A pedicure is $18 which is pretty damn cheap in this area. Manicures are $10, but if you get a mani & pedi they knock of $2. Not sure if $18 for an acrylic fill is inexpensive because I don't get fake nails. They're gross and harbor bacteria and fungus. Yuck! Anyways, no wait when I walked in today and my pedi took about 30 min which is cool since I'm pressed for time. They don't take credit or debit cards so bring cash or your check book. There's 3 massage chairs that are kinda old and only 2 nail stations. Cleanliness is average. Will probably be back since the service was fast and workers are friendly.
<review# 2331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,12/22/2013,809,645,14,14,12>My girl sent me a text saying that she wanted to pay for us to get our nails done, so of course I didn't argue. After work, she zoomed home, grabbed me and away we went to find Maite. Located right on the main strip in Burlingame, parking is easy - either across the street in the public lot or somewhere in the plentiful street parking. We found a place on the street a block away. They were ready for us when we walked in for our appointment which gave them immediate bonus points in my eyes. The kid had a mani and I had a pedi. I don't know the name of the tech who worked on my daughter, but she was careful and meticulous about making sure everything was perfect about her French Manicure. It turned out beautiful and showed the quality of the careful workmanship. Long was the first man to do my toes at a salon.  Not only was he a pro, but he was tons of fun to talk to. 20 years old and makes a woman's toes look amazing?  He won't have trouble finding girlfriends!!!  Just look at the pictures of the artwork he did on my big toes. Gorgeous!  Will we be back?  Of course, because as Long told me, Maite is the best!  And I believe him.
<review# 2332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,12/21/2013,273,395,,4,2>Ever since I walked by Palo Alto Grill, during their opening week, I've been curious to try it.  There were a couple of opportunities in the past to give in a shot, but I was a bit weary given some of the mediocre Yelp reviews.  I figured that the ones that mentioned poor service had to do more with the fact that the restaurant was new, than anything else.  So I waited... and when my dad's birthday came around and we were looking for a place to try, this fit the bill.  Our server was amazing!  Although he had to leave early due to a family emergency, the rest of the staff stepped up and we couldn't have asked for anything more.We had a 5:30 reservation on a Wednesday.  The restaurant was pretty empty at that time with the exception of a few other tables, so it was very quiet.  As the night progressed and the restaurant filled up, it did get progressively louder, but the noise level wasn't to the point of having to yell across the table to have a conversation (thankfully).Food-wise, everything was delicious, as long as it's something that you would normally eat.  I won't comment much on it, but my dad wanted to try something that he's never had before, and it's not that we weren't a fan of it, but since it was more of an adventure (and not an outrageous one) it wasn't a hit at our table.  But here was the spread:Entrees:Turf & TurfSteak FritesPan Seared Southern GentlemanWhole-Grilled BranzinoSides:Fried Brussels SproutsMushroom RisottoRoasted Bone MarrowDessert:Brioche BeignetsSo I'm going to be biased towards the dishes that I wanted to order and say that the Turf & Turf, and Fried Brussels Sprouts are must haves!  I went to dinner knowing that I wanted a steak. No matter where I go, I typically gravitate towards a bone-in rib eye, only because that's just one of the best cuts out there.  But when I saw that it was served with Pastrami, I hesitated.  I didn't really want that much meat or pastrami wrapped steak.  In reality, it was a slice (or two) of pastrami served over the rib eye.  I took my first bite of the ribeye which was well prepared.  Then I took my second bite to include a piece of pastrami and it was DEEELICIOUS! Who would have ever thought about pairing those two meats together?!?! Genius! In general, I find that grilled/sauteed brussels sprouts are good, but these ones fried in brown sugar were DELECTABLE! If you aren't a fan of brussels sprouts, this may change your opinion of them.  A divine meal such as this wouldn't be complete without dessert (even if there's birthday cake) waiting for you at home.  The first thing that jumped out of the menu was the Brioche Beignets.  Served with four, small beignets and a cup of strawberry milk, it was a great dessert to share. Bite size, sharing size and not too sweet.If you've been itching to try Palo Alto Grill, as I have been, it's definitely the time to check it out!
<review# 2333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,12/20/2013,676,1464,4,5,6>This is definitely a regular pitstop place for me to quickly restock on Japanese groceries before cooking. Sometimes I drop in during lunch to pick up sushi or a sashimi bowl when I need to cut my lunch time short. Great products and the quality is usually really good. Downside is that it can be a bit pricey and the selection is minimal. Staff is super friendly; they don't have a kitchen on site so the sushi/sashimi is trucked in from the Mtn View store.It is definitely not Mitsuwa in terms of size and selection but it definitely fits when I need to refill on my Kurabuta pork sausages or have a okonomiyaki making party!
<review# 2334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,12/19/2013,100,157,10,9,10>Writing an update because I'm on a mission to discredit every review of an Asian restaurant that's 3 stars because "it's not authentic enough."Folks -- no one's claiming that this restaurant serves the most authentic Burmese food in California. The website itself says -- and I quote -- "Outrageously good Burmese food in Silicon Valley." And that's what it is. Not, "The most authentic Burmese food in the entire Bay Area," because who gives a shit? It's local, it's tasty, the prices are very reasonable, and the service is consistently friendly.If you want to poop on this restaurant because you don't think it's authentic, then do us all a favor and make the rush hour drive to SF to Burma Superstar so that there's one more table free at Rangoon Ruby. NOBODY is impressed that you think you know what "true" Burmese food is. I think the cheeseburger at Range is one of the best burgers around -- does that stop me from getting a Big Mac every now and then? Would I rate a McDonald's 3 stars because their Big Mac isn't an "authentic" cheeseburger? Just stop.What I'd also say is that, in addition to the usual dining experience here (which, again, has been consistently great for several dinners over the past year), the staff here have been very accommodating when it comes to large parties. Our hospital division recently hosted a dinner here for new applicants, and John and his staff were very generous in providing beverages and being flexible with their pre-set menus. I was especially impressed since I know the restaurant is often very busy even on weeknights for dinner, but everyone was nothing less than enthusiastic when I called again and again with questions to fine tune the details.So, ignore the haters -- this place is a total godsend for those of us who work in PA and have been waiting for an affordable, tasty Asian restaurant downtown. That the food is good Burmese -- 100% authentic or not -- is only an added plus.
<review# 2335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,12/18/2013,56,302,,10,3>It doesn't get better than this. Beautiful marine park where you can get up close and friendly with the wildlife. Except the seals. Don't bother the seals!! But crabs, starfish, hermit crabs, sea snails, and more are all ripe for the looking (but not the taking).Make your way down the steep, sandy path to the beach, hop over the tiny river, and carefully pick your way to the slippery rocks. Coming at low tide is always best, so plan accordingly by checking a tide chart.Some sections of the beach may be off-limits due to seal activity, but there is still plenty to see. NB: The coast is frequently overcast and the beach can be windy and cold. Dress accordingly.
<review# 2336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,12/17/2013,228,190,4,6,4>I'm going to keep this review quick and dirty. This is a taco stand at a gas station in a residential neighborhood. Go up to the counter and order your tacos, burritos, sopes and quesadillas. Cash only friends. Tacos are their specialty: $1.25 - go for the carne asada or chicken. SO good. Pretend that it's not that dirty or rundown and you'll be fine :)
<review# 2337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,12/16/2013,1533,1062,10,12,12>Ike's Lair of Foster City is better than when it was in Redwood Shores.  I called in my order before 10:30 and was able to pick it up 10 minutes later.  Bf got the Jayme Sirewich and I got the Spiffy Tiffy.  Now, he & I always preach Little Lucca's as the best deli shop in the Peninsula, & it still remains #1, but we did enjoy our sandwiches from Ike's.  Jaymee Sirewich ($9.95): Fried chicken, yellow bbq, pepperjack, and ranch.  Even without the sauce, the chicken would have been a little soggy, as it's not fresh fried chicken.  He liked it and I had a few bites of his too and felt that everything tied well together. Spiffy Tiffy ($8.95): Chicken, green pesto, mushrooms, avocado, provolone & pepper jack.  I requested Dutch Crunch for both sandwiches, but I ended up with a sweet roll.  I heart my Dutch Crunch so I was super bummed!  I guess some of the Yelp reviews are right that their sammies are good when they get your order right.  Taste-wise despite the bread, my sandwich was good, but I preferred his.  I like pesto, but it may have been too much going on.  And sometimes I'd prefer the chicken to be like a cutlet as opposed to shredded chicken.  But none the less, still a satisfying sandwich.Staff is still friendly and just like the others they ask if you would like a lollipop with your sandwich.  You can also opt to give your phone number to replace the traditional stamped stamp card.  We think that the sandwiches are bigger here than it was in RWS, but not sure if it justifies the price, especially since it's like second place to us.  We'd still come back for another messy and tasty Ike's creation when the mood strikes.  3.5 rounded up.
<review# 2338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2013,12/15/2013,905,867,6,16,9>I've had Baume bookmarked for as long as I can remember.  As a Michelin-star restaurant in my own backyard, it seemed remiss to not have made the time to stop and try their cuisine.  It's even located on California Avenue which remains my favorite Palo Alto strip over the main University Avenue downtown.  The best part about Baume is that they serve lunch and the convenient hours and modest course number work wonderfully for a special meal during the day.If there was any reservations about Baume, it's the "molecular gastronomy" moniker. While gourmands and connoisseurs may love the denotation, I always cringe when I hear of menus heavy on foam and other gimmicky aspects to make the culinary experience more novel and unexpected.  Perhaps I'm simple, but I just love good food.  Fortunately, while there was indeed a period of time when "molecular gastronomy" went overboard, it's clear that there were always restaurants that did it well and in a manner that was both subtle and additive to the food.  Baume clearly is the leader here.The interior is quiet and darkly colored and seats only about 8 seatings. Service is both efficient and knowledgeable, but also very friendly and engaging, which I enjoyed.  For lunch, only 6 courses are offered and I was thrilled (just having had 18 at Benu).  Given the limited number of courses, I found the portion size to be perfect and that balance of trying something novel, loving it, and then having enough to enjoy and finish.  The cuisine here really impressed and creativity, presentation, and flavor are the hallmarks that the Michelin Guide has found as well.  My favorites:Osetra Caviar - a great portion size and so beautiful.  Wonderfully paired with a smoked salmon and tiny pieces of fruit and vegetable that added something.62 degree Jidori Egg - I love egg and this was clearly one of the best eggs I've ever eaten.  It was perfectly soft boiled and seasoned so well.  In addition, the mushroom condiments blended perfectly and really resulted in an explosion of flavors.Loin of Beef - wonderfully tender and perfectly medium rare.  The portion size was perfect too.  Enough to enjoy, savor, and satisfy.Turbot - excellently prepared fish dish.  The condiments of nori were both amazingly creative, distantly sourced, and memorable. Overall, we had a great meal at Baume.  It's a shame I haven't come here sooner and enjoyed many meals before they got their 2nd Michelin Star.  Now that they have, the lunch prices are not quite the bargain they once were, but it remains the lowest priced Michelin 2 star in the Bay Area.  It's worth a visit and it's every bit the equal of the places I've tried in the City and I'd daresay one of my favorites among the Michelin-star crowd.  Baume accepts credit cards, including American Express.
<review# 2339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,12/14/2013,13,6,2,10,12>My wife and I have used this service a dozen or so times and every time Jassi ( the driver) has arrived on time. We use it from Menlo Park to SFO and at times back home from the airport.  We don't event think twice anymore.  On our last trip, the driver (Jassi) even texted us while we were at SFO to let us know we had left our car keys in his car.  Then he offered to drop it at our house or just hold on to it until we returned.  As soon as we returned from Australia, he was there to pick us up and immediately handed the keys to us.  It's like having a personal driver just for you.Much thanks!
<review# 2340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,12/13/2013,99,397,3,6,4>I don't know how I missed this place before but I'm glad I found it. Post dinner, my husband and I decided to walk around PA downtown and on our way back to the car we decided to check out Monique's.  Such a great choice. They have an extensive selection of chocolates in their front display with pretty patterns on each of them to help you remember & identify what your selection was (they provide you with a list of their chocolates with their order).   The person at the counter was really helpful and knowledgable about all their truffles and explained the taste profile of various truffles we were interested in.  We ordered 6 truffles and my favourites were the House Blend (Belgium dark +SF milk) and the SF 91% Blend.  Both had a traditional chocolatey taste to them whereas the other truffles I thought had a hint of cherry (Madagascar 64%), berry (Peru 68%) or a fruity taste that I couldn't exactly identify (Colombia 36%).  Clearly, I'm not a fan of anything fruity in truffles.  The last one was the Salted Caramelia (36%), which was really good with just a hint of salt that didn't overtake the chocolate. Tip - check in on Foursquare and you get a free truffle with your truffle purchase!WIll definitely come back to try the other truffles.
<review# 2341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,5/12/2013,21,31,3,4,4>I was on a date a couple of weeks ago and after walking down the full length of Castro Street in Mountain View my date picked this one. I haven't eaten here in a long time but the time I did it was good.  My date ordered a Martini with an onion and olive. I ordered a glass of wine. The onion in the Martini wasn't good but my glass of wine was fine. Dishes ordered were, Oysters Rockerfella, steak with pasta and since I am a vegetarian, Eggplant Parmesean with a salad. I enjoyed my food and so did my date. It was a bit noisy for a Tuesday but I think there was a small family celebration close by. I enjoyed the restuarant and I will return.
<review# 2342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,5/11/2013,676,1464,4,5,3>They have really solid pupusas here! The price recently went up by a dollar since they are now sourcing the pork organically!Service is prompt and I love getting the pork and cheese one paired with their curtido. The tanginess definitely helps cut the heaviness of the pupusa. Salsas are all made in house and they have a great chip and salsa bar in the back!
<review# 2343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,5/10/2013,47,56,8,8,9>Do you ever have the experience of feeling like you are indebted to somebody simply because they recommended a restaurant to you? Right now, that's how I feel about Theodore "The Pastrami King" O, because he told me all about Gherkins, and I tried it for the first time yesterday, based on his recommendation.The pastrami sandwich they made me was such a joy that I had to return today and order the exact, same sandwich again.Both times I ordered a "build your own" sandwich with everything. "Everything" means a complex and unique cast of supporting characters to your sandwich's main ingredients, including all the usual trimmings, plus pesto and, yes, gherkins.I would never have expected pesto to be a welcome ingredient in a pastrami sandwich, but let me tell you, these people have this "everything" business down to a science: All of the elements work together beautifully, and add up to a sandwich that is positively bursting at the seams with fresh fixin's, and a joy to eat.And don't even get me started on the rye bread! They always ask you if you want your sandwich on toasted bread here, but I'm glad I said no, because the bread they're using is so fresh, so soft, so... wonderful, that it doesn't need to be toasted.If I was forced to find any little fault with this sandwich shop, I might mention that my mom, who is a potato salad fanatic, didn't feel like their potato salad was up to her lofty standards. Whatevs, mom, you don't need all those extra carbohydrates and starch anyway!Now that the Devil's Slide bypass has been completed and our shiny, new tunnels through Montara Mountain are open, Gherkins now feels a lot more accessible than it would have before. I'm not sure whether the tunnel actually reduces the number of minutes it takes to get to Montara from P-Town, but I suspect it does. The drive is definitely much easier now, given that you no longer have to negotiate a winding mountain road that constantly forced motorists to slow way down in order to get around its many curves safely.So yeah, Montara just got a little closer to civilization, and a little easier to get to. These sandwiches provide a compelling reason to make that trip.
<review# 2344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,5/9/2013,252,512,5,6,5>Who knew a warm cup of clam chowder and lobster bisque could soothe a bitter cold soccer game away?  Thanks Old Port Lobster Shack for being there last night to help my daughter and me get over the loss.  Holding that cup and sipping up spoonfuls of bisque while waiting for our delicious naked lobster rolls totally made our day.  On a side note:  a french fry fell into the drawn butter in our roll basket.  OMG that may have started a dangerous new delight for me.  Butter soaked crisp french fries with my ginormous lobster roll.  I can almost feel my arteries clogging as I type this, but it's worth it!  Lobster bisque, good to the last drop:  yelp.com/biz_photos/old-Naked lobster rolls, good to share...or not:  yelp.com/biz_photos/old-Eat well here everyone!
<review# 2345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,5/8/2013,67,217,3,2,3>I am very happy with the body work that Avenue Auto did on my car. They replaced a taillight and repaired my whole bumper, even several nicks that had accumulated over time. The bumper looks excellent. The rest of the car looked terrific when I picked it up. It appeared like the car had even been given a wash.Everything went smoothly with Avenue Auto and it's easy to find the store and park on the road. I highly recommend them to others.
<review# 2346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2013,5/7/2013,12,120,3,7,4>I think Rojoz might be my favorite place to get lunch within a 2 mile radius of where I work (east side of San Antonio Rd). There's so much to enjoy about Rojoz: the menu and diverse selections, the quality that carries over from wrap to wrap, the service, the price/value, and most importantly, the hot sauce selection!I've enjoyed a few wraps at Rojoz and come here in part because I eat vegan on Mondays. Rojoz has two natively vegan wraps, though I imagine they can turn other ones vegan easily. The Taj Mahal edges out the Acropolis, but they're both worth trying. I've also enjoyed a Thai chicken wrap, which had perfectly cooked brown rice and tender chicken with just the right amount of peanut sauce. These wraps start as low as $4 or $5 depending on what you'd like, and they're Chipotle-sized (just the right size for me). On the side, I haven't experimented much, although I gotta say the black beans are delicious (a side is about $1.50). Service is super quick and friendly. I usually get my food within three minutes of ordering. Boo ya?Lastly, let's acknowledge the plethora of hot sauces; to name a few, you can get your fix of Tapatio, Frank's, Tabasco jalapeño, and my absolute favorite, Tabasco chipotle.I can't wait for my next trip. Should I try the rock shrimp wrap, or the Texas wrap with grilled steak? I'll thoroughly enjoy pretty much anything from Rojoz; it's a great spot.
<review# 2347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,5/6/2013,237,156,,4,7>As good as it gets.Believe the hype.36 dollars. Including my canister filter where I get charged an extra 6-10 dollars elsewhere.In and out in 10 minutes.Nice guys who work here.Not pushy.They know their stuff.Bringing our second car back tomorrow!
<review# 2348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,5/5/2013,183,144,5,18,11>When it comes to Mediterranean food, I have to try it, like HAVE TO. I don't know why, but I have this need to try it and rate it.Nur Cafe opened not too long ago and I must say, I love it. I definitely would prefer it over the other restaurants around. I ordered the chicken gyro platter, which came with pita bread, salad, and two scoops of rice. The chicken was so moist and juicy, it was not fatty at all. VERY tasty as well. I didn't really prefer the rice, one scoop was this orange/brown one, and the other was white. As the typical Asian girl, I have high standards for rice. I love the salad and how fresh it was, I wish it had a little of a vinegar or lemon zing to it, that would've made it pop.I must admit that I've established a good first impression and relationship with this place since I do work down the block, and he let me take his plates and utensils to my office to eat. OF COURSE, I brought it back nice and clean. :)There is definite potential for Nur Cafe, I do expect it to be overcrowded in the near future.
<review# 2349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,5/4/2013,1187,969,13,27,20>The wait is finally over! I've been eager for the opening of  Aspendos for around 8 or 9 months now since I first saw the sign go up on the building and had lately started to wonder if it was ever going to open. Talking to Yelp buddy Tami S earlier this week I mentioned it and said that I thought they must have come into some building issues for it to take so long only to then discover that it had opened just a few days before our conversation.The restaurant is in the spot that used to be La Cantina Mexican restaurant and having been there also I am impressed with the transformation this place has gone through. Where before the interior looked like it was crumbling, falling apart and in desperate need of a coat of paint it is now bright and fresh with tasteful decor. There are 2 TV's mounted on the walls, an open kitchen, dark wood tables and chairs, completely renovated restrooms and a large back patio no longer covered by a tacky canopy. If you look at the before and after you could quite easily mistake it for a Gordon Ramsay makeover Kitchen Nightmares style.The menu is extensive with everything from Soup and Wraps to Kebabs and Lahmacun. Everything is made fresh to order in their open plan kitchen so you can see exactly what is going on with your food! Anybody that reads my reviews will know by now this is a feature that pleases me greatly.* Mixed Grill - $18.95 (yelp.com/biz_photos/aspe). Consists of Chicken and Beef Doner (commonly known as Gyros this side of the pond), Chicken Adana, Lamb Adana, Kofta and Chicken / Lamb Shish Kebab. Served with a small Salad, Onions and a Grilled Tomato along with a choice of Rice, Bulgar Pilaf or Fries.The meat was cooked well and seasoned nicely, even Hubby enjoyed the Kofta which is often his least favorite. Although we found the portions to be slightly smaller than other places we frequent they are still a decent size and was able to share the one plate as a light meal.I also ordered a starter of Tzatziki (yelp.com/biz_photos/aspe $4.95) to go with the complimentary bread which they bring you once you're seated (yelp.com/biz_photos/aspe). The Tzatziki was very fresh and such a large portion I had enough to take half home with me for dinner the following day.Although it is a sit down down restaurant you must go to the cash register to order and pay for your meal where the staff will then bring everything to the table for you once it's prepared and cooked.Opening hours have just been updated on the listing and aside from serving Lunch and Dinner Monday to Friday they also serve Breakfast at the weekend. Catering is also available.The staff and owners are very friendly and clearly enjoying serving the local public. I really hope this place is successful for them. *Street parking is limited.
<review# 2350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,5/3/2013,29,866,5,2,2>If you saw a girl eating a breakfast panino while spraying egg yolk everywhere, that would be me. That sandwich is seriously dangerous.That panino I got (which had baby spinach, cheese, pancetta and the evil fried egg) was delicious. The bread was fresh, the egg done well, and the cheese scrumptious. The only problem was when I bit into the sandwich and squeezed with my fingers, the yolk would burst out from an unexpected spot and land everywhere. Messy. I'm not sure if there's a fork and knife solution as well.Also, the mocha was almost like drinking molten chocolate, and it gets pretty nasty when cold, so finish it up while it's still warm. Otherwise, this is a fine brunch spot, a bit unexpected since it's so close to the shopping center yet not part of it. There are a lot of nice outside seating, and is perfect for a weekend breakfast.
<review# 2351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2010,9/26/2011,1509,3598,1,11,5>i suppose this should be yelped, but actually i prefer it to be small.  (lots of kids come)from 5-7:30 pm every Monday this past mo, the old, run down parking lot has a collection of food trucks.  idea was to revive the area.  you have to bring your own seating thoughactually gonna be only monthly from now on, next one 11/1the date changes a lot, i.e. world series affected which monday they had italso time change, colder weather, fewer kids nowmight get smaller.usually about 5-8 trucks or so.  some rotating guests and some regularstrucks hosted so far:Chairman Bao--one of the bestLittle Green Cyclo--newCurry Up Now--still popularLouisiana Territory--excellentIz-It Fresh Grill--so soHapaSF--pretty goodSanchez Taqueria--okMoGo BBQ--so soRoliRoti--why no porchetta!Kara's CupcakesJett's Cakes--okJohn the Ice Cream Guy--local ice cream truck51st state came but they ran out of water and i couldn't staythis is a kids focused event and not as large as OTG.it does draw a large crowd.  soon parking may be difficult.recently included: house of siam on wheels, eat on monday, chowder mobile, tikkabytes, mayo and mustard, etc.An The Go -- overratedthanks for the rotation of trucks every month.follow the calendar herefacebook.com/EdgewoodEats
<review# 2352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2011,9/25/2011,293,735,3,6,4>Kaffeehaus is sometimes open until 11 pm! And they have sangria for the summer! When I was here on Thursday night, I wasn't able to try the sangria (I was tired and drinking tea), but it looked delicious. For tea enthusiasts, they offer Harney & Sons and Numi. I really like Harney & Son's Earl Grey, but I opted for something without caffeine. A lot of items aren't priced, so you might end up spending more than you want.
<review# 2353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2011,9/24/2011,131,459,7,10,9>As far as I know most lobster rolls are served with fresh, chilled lobster meat so I'm a little surprised that quite a few Yelpers are giving low ratings 'cause the lobster meat doesn't come out piping hot.At any rate I had another excellent meal today in part due to the ShackMobile; I took a couple friends to Edgewood Eats so that they could try the lobster rolls and we ended up ordering a bunch of different items to try out:The baked lobster mac and cheese came out nice and hot, though not so hot that we couldn't dig into it right away. This was a generous portion of pasta covered in smooth, flavorful cheeses and topped with a bit of parsley and pleeeenty of yummy, warm chunks of fresh, sweet lobster meat. Overall the dish managed to convey a satisfying richness without any sense of greasiness or salt/fat overload. I avoid dairy as much as possible and normally only take one polite bite of dishes like mac and cheese when friends try to share them with me; however, this time I willingly dug my spoon into the takeout tray again and again. My one complaint is a very minor one, and that is that the pasta could have been harder/a bit more toothsome.The lobster bisque (cup size) was another winner, smooth, super-rich and creamy without leaving a greasy or gloppy feeling on the tongue. The depth and combo of flavors were right on, with lots of lobster/wine/herbal intensity. There are no large chunks of meat in a bisque, so don't order this soup expecting any.We ordered the double play or pair of lobster rolls (one Maine, one naked), and both were very good, as good as on my last visit. Only bummer was the coleslaw, which definitely looked and tasted a bit old (not too old to eat, but it definitely could have been fresher) and had no dried blueberries in it this time.All in all visiting the ShackMobile is an excellent way to feast on lobster at a good price. I understand what one Yelper means when she says she can't justify spending $16 for a lobster roll from a truck, but getting that same roll from the actual restaurant in Redwood City would be over $20 after tax. In fact, for our two rolls, bisque, and mac and cheese, our "out the door" price was $52, compared to an after-tax total of over $66 (before tip) at the restaurant. It's basically over a 20% discount to eat at the truck, which in my opinion is a very fair deal that you should take advantage of if you love that crustaceany goodness.
<review# 2354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2011,9/23/2011,2524,2645,4,7,6>tuesday dodgeball league...blood, sweat and tears...beers afterwards at fred's place...low-key sports bar...aged shack and dive bar feel...but, comfortable and bright...eclectic mix of sports memorabilia cluttered around..few screens for sports...ice cold beers on tap...so cold, a tap frozen shut...$seventeen pitcher of spaten...quite refreshing and easily down...seated by high stool tables...having another...beers after a hard workout always the best feeling..
<review# 2355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,9/22/2011,182,169,6,7,7>I'm going to start off by saying: I AM SO EXCITED THERE IS A GOLDEN BOYS IN SAN MATEO.  Now when I'm in need of my Golden Boy Pizza fix I don't have to drive all the way to the city, I can just drive down the hill and be there in 10 minutes :)It's the same thing as the one in the city but I have to say I like the seating at this one better because there is more of it!  But I don't care which one I end up at, as long as I'm getting a delicious slice of combination I'm satisfied. I'll be back, very soon (and hopefully they have beer by then!)
<review# 2356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2011,9/21/2011,210,226,4,7,7>Yum!  My roommate said "OMG I LOVE SANCHOS!!!" I figured what the hey.  We showed up... stood in line for a very short time, ordered food for 3 people (1 chimichunga, 3 fish tacos, 1 shrimp taco, 1 horchata, 2 sodas)  I think all told it was just over 30 for everything.  Food came out relatively fast.  Fish tacos were DELISH.  The Chimichunga was huge and totally worth 7.55.  I didn't try the shrimp one but our friend seemed to melt over it after he took a bite.  That there tells me he thought it was darn tasty. I wish they took credit cards but that's ok.  I'll come back for sure
<review# 2357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2011,9/20/2011,1533,1062,23,26,23>I knew I had to check out Panda Dumpling after all the rave reviews about their xiao long bao (my favoritest dumpling ever when it's done right)!  We arrived Saturday night after 7:00 to a full house.  This restaurant is tiny with a few bigger tables, but 8 tables total!  The sole waitress told us the wait would be about 15-20 minutes.  So we sat at the front as we waited and she asked us and the other couple that come in shortly after we did if we wanted something to drink, we just said some ice water would be nice & she actually gave us bottled water.  When a table left she asked us if we would mind sharing with the other couple the larger table we all said that was fine.  We ordered: Xiao Long Bao (10 for $7.65), Minced Pork Noodle ($6.50), Beef Pancake ($4.95), & Da Mieu, which is a pea sprout with some garlic ($8.95, I believe).  After we started our meal, a couple tables cleared out so she asked all of us if we could move to the smaller ones.  She was totally nice about it and apologetic.  The xiao long bao were huge which was a little difficult to eat but they were meaty & soupy!  The beef pancake had perfectly marinated ground beef in them and were quite filling.  The minced pork noodle was different than what I usual see at most Chinese restaurants because instead of just ground pork, tofu and cucumbers they added some peas and carrots as well which was a nice touch to get us to eat more veggies.  The da mieu was tender & not oily.  Panda Dumpling sure does give big portions!  We took home leftovers of the veggies and the noodles.  The waitress was so sweet and apologetic too and gave us a complimentary red bean pancake for dessert.  Bf doesn't really care for red bean but said he liked the pancake.  I felt bad for the waitress, the place is small but she was running around the whole night.  Get your xiao long bao fix here & enjoy 10% off your bill til the end of the month.  Will definetely come back, maybe really early for a weekend lunch or early for a weekend dinner.  And FYI: The mom used to be a chef at Shanghai Dumpling Kitchen in MIllbrae.
<review# 2358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2011,9/19/2011,99,397,6,6,7>*200th review!*The bubble tea here is great. They actually use real tea as opposed to the powdered flavouring which other places use. You can also get the drinks half sweet here which I always do and they come pretty sweet so I can only imagine how sweet the drinks are in its original form. I had their Jade Milk Latte which is simply put a green tea latte. It has a great green tea flavour and didn't taste artificial. They actually use milk in the latte drinks whereas their milk teas use milk powder. I've also had their Thai Iced Tea which is fantastic! I've had it at other tea places (ie - Tea Time and Verde) and was extremely disappointed so Ocha really hit the spot. Ocha also has a pretty large selection of food considering it's a tea shop.  Every time I come I see other people having meals and I can't help but be a bit envious.  Since I've only ever come between meals, I've only had their fried calamari which comes deliciously fried with basil and sweet/sour dipping sauce. I'll have to come back and check out the food.
<review# 2359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2010,9/18/2011,92,81,7,13,7>This is the place to buy crab. Period. When you get here, go directly to the sign that reads, "Bill's Crabby Crabs". Bill and Penny, owners and operators of The Cricket, are really nice people and will definitely send you off with more crab than you expected to leave with. Great atmosphere, freshest crab you can get (they were still fighting each other when I got home), and a VERY reasonable price. You can't go wrong. Next time, I'm bringing a cooler and some ice to calm those crabby crabs down (otherwise they end up ripping each other's limbs off).
<review# 2360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,9/17/2011,330,458,7,8,9>Spicy endorphin high goodness served here!  Was in the mood for some good Szechuan spicy food and was glad to stop into this spot...We had the bean jelly in chili sauce (the mung bean jelly had a good balance with the medium spiciness of the chili sauce-good starter to warm up your tongue), the eggplant in garlic sauce (nice), the filet of sole in numbing chili sauce (the combination of fragrant tiny green peppercorns and red chilis gave a tongue tingly experience - ever felt like you had a carbonated tongue?), and my favorite Szechuan dish - chicken in exploding chili sauce (lots of heat in this  one - crispy chicken wings cut in half, so you can suck the meat off the bones).  Washed it all down with a Tsing Tao beer...  If you enjoy the experience of working up a little sweat and being on the edge of feeling like your tongue can't take it anymore, then this is a nice choice.  Something about the chili peppers releasing all those endorphins always draws me back to spicy foods.Service was fast and friendly.  Will definitely make it back here again.
<review# 2361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2008,4/1/2009,219,246,11,12,10>This place is definitely money!I first saw this place on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives a while back and watching Guy eat the cioppino definitely made me wanna come here and try some for myself.  It was definitely worth it.  The cioppino was balls-on delish.  Hella crab in that mo-fo!  I felt like I ate the supporting cast of "Disney's The Little Mermaid" in that bowl.  I would have to say that it was probably some of the best cioppino that I have ever had.Also a recommend are the cream of asparagus and the cream of green chili soups.  You can have them together as a half and half too!  It's good.The stuff was pretty pricey, $27 cioppino, $13 crab melt, $7.50 soup...  Don't think that you'll be paying Denny's prices here.  Kinda expensive, but the worth the extra buck.Definitely worth the trip out to the middle of no-where for some bomb-ass grub.p.s. - We were sooooooooooooo full afterwards that we got an Olallieberry pie to-go.  Stay tuned for the update to see what I thought of that.
<review# 2362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2009,3/31/2009,90,150,9,9,10>This is our go-to place for fancier Japanese down in Palo Alto.  It's not quite as good as Nobu New York (despite the kitchen's Nobu pedigree), but it ain't too bad for our neck of the woods.  Plus, hubby and I can order omakaze again WITH kids in tow. Yippee!  We've returned three times for omakaze dinner and a bunch of times for lunch.  The staff is really accommodating with the kids, providing high chairs and plastic bowls and utensils.  They make a point of asking how many times you've had omakaze so they can give you something different to taste each time.  My preschooler loves the desserts (normally, some custardy thing in a bamboo cup) so I am normally left with the dregs.  Sometimes when I'm in Bad Mommy Mode and feeling particularly mean/selfish, I tell him it's flavored with alcohol and only adults can eat it.My favorite cooked dishes are the miso-marinated black cod, toro tartare with caviar (served just like at Nobu, down to the garnishes), and the beef tobanyaki.  The teriyaki chicken is just meh -- I think it's on the menu just to appease the one honky in your group who won't eat raw fish.  The raw stuff, by the way, is really great, too.
<review# 2363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2008,3/30/2009,65,111,5,8,7>Decent burger in the area, partially due to all the condiments available.Upon my visit here, I ordered just a regular Clarkesburger (Hamburger). No cheese, no nothing, to distract from the burger flavor. A solid 1/3lb burger, slightly juicy, but not overly juicy to the point where your tray's a big soupy mess. Also had some fries with it.Included with the burger are two slices of tomato, but directly behind is the most grandiose condiment bar ever seen in a casual burger place. Loaded it up with all kinds of condiments: Lettuce, pickles, red onions, and horseradish! Horseradish is the winner.Also seen were: Pepperocinis, Sauerkraut, White Onions (full and chopped), Relish, Salsa, A1 steak sauce, Grey Poupon, Deli Mustard, Garlic salt, Seasoning salt, Malt Vinegar, Tabasco and all kinds of other sauces and seasonings.Eventually dissected the burger until it was only the bun, patty, and horseradish. Made for some good eats. Strong smoky flavor, sesame buns were perfectly toasted. Fries, unfortunately, were soggy. Tasted decent with the seasoning salt scattered across it.Outdoor seating is good on a breezy day. Inside might be a bit claustrophobic for people.+Many for Horseradish. Yes, I'm a junkie, i need that head buzz from horseradish.-1 for soggy fries. Decent tasting with seasoning salt, but really soggy and oily.Maybe -1 for using Sysco brand Hickory charcoal, and likely Sysco meat. Yeah, its the high production food service brand, but still tasted OK.3.5 stars - Rounding up, due to overall good feeling of satisfying lunch.
<review# 2364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2009,3/28/2009,896,808,16,25,15>I've got curly / wavy / frizzy hair.  I used to think my hair was easy to cut because it hid mistakes if it wasn't cut straight.  At some point, I realized that my hair is actually easy to cut badly and make me look like a frizz-ball.Over the years, I heard the person to go to for my type of hair is Teresa Callen.  I didn't try her for a while because I was being frugal and I wasn't sure if my hair qualified as curly enough.  So far I've gone for two hair cuts, and I'm glad I did.The experience:+ I was greeted warmly when I arrived.+ The consultation made me feel really good - she was very positive, nice, and genuine.+ Teresa cut my hair dry (I washed it before coming in) for her precise curly cut techniques.+ After the cut, she gave me some quick styling pointers so I can attempt the best look at home.Things to know:* The first haircut appointment with Teresa is $108; subsequent cuts are $98.*Teresa does not accept credit cards, but she will take a personal check in addition to cash.* Teresa prefers no product when clients arrive for their cuts.* There is parking right in front of the salon.* Marianna handles her bookings, and it takes months to get an appointment (unless there's a cancellation).* Teresa is moving to a new location in April '09, also in Menlo Park.* Teresa is training other hair stylists in her technique, so there will be some hair designers available to cut curly hair for less money (about $40).Her cut accomodates my preference for low-maintenance "mom-on-the-go" lifestyle, which I appreciate.  Her suggestion of a hair cut for me every 4 months seems manageable.These are the best hair cuts I've had and I've gotten lots of compliments since my first cut with Teresa.  I've decided it's money well spent.
<review# 2365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2008,3/26/2009,294,503,3,15,12>Let's just all take a moment and thank our lucky stars to have been chosen to ride in this magnificent Zeppelin over the Bay Area...!  Let's just say that very few things in life can actually return me to the childhood joy of discovery, but this was one of them! We arrived at Moffet Field all a flutter to board one of THREE, yes THREE operating Zeppelin's in the world!  We were greated by the gracious staff who informed us that we would be boarding and exiting two at a time to maintain weight balance...um did anyone else get nervous right there? We were whisked from the headquarters (located in an old NASA building, cool!) to the tarmac.  Woweee zowweee, when that thing comes down you really realize how incredibly HUGE it is!  For a minute I considered quashing my nervousness with a Xanax, but then I realized that being nervous was part of the adventure!  We boarded, two at at time, and were greated with a sunny, open passenger compartment.  Complete with a restroom and plenty of space to move about, we were off into the late afternoon sun!  We brought some champagne which was popped, and it was quickly passed around.  I thought I would need it, but was actually so thrilled and intrigued to examine the ground below that I forgot to be nervous. it was amazing!Let me say viewing Ocean Beach, traveling through the Golden Gate and seeing the City at sunset is just insanely awesome.  It was one of the coolest things I've ever done!  We also saw another blimp pass us by, we all jumped up and down and waved at each other...ahhh the comraderie of the skies...I highly recommend gathering some friends and taking the sunset flight on this ship!  They served us appetizers half way through the trip and we were also provided with sodas, water and champagne.  Honestly, this was probably the coolest way to see the Bay Area ever...The last half hour was great, but in a calmer more mellow way, we were all burned out from our adrenaline from the first hour and were calmly in our seats, watching the bay spin by and admiring the moon on the water from our perch up above.  Spectacular!!
<review# 2366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2008,3/25/2009,711,1140,12,13,16>Two amazingly wonderful things have come out of Belgium and that's Belgian beer and Jean Claude Van Damme. According to my tongue the Belgian beers win by a landslide. And that's what makes the Refuge so awesome. A ton of Belgian beers I've never seen or tried before. Try the "Kwak" beer. It's served in this funky "coachman" glass that makes the beer instantly taste better for some odd reason. The Budweisers/Coors beers you usually drink will never taste the same after you've been "coached-man". I'm not going to say anything about the Rueben because you already know it's "soo good" from the other reviews, but I can tell you that their cheese-steak is right up there with one of the better cheese-steaks in the peninsula. Definitely worth a trip back for. Like Kanye West said, "It's the good life..."
<review# 2367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2009,3/24/2009,109,156,3,8,7>Let me helpfully direct you to this restaurant. MAINSTREET, is not an actual street, it's a walking street. After like plentiful minutes of looking for an actual mainstreet in the car - good thing we had the warriors game to listen to - we parked and walked around. It you walk towards century theatre, there's a street that paves out to the main road, keep walking to the left, assuming you were facing Century, cross the street, and continue on "main street."Came here with some good buds yesterday, to chill and hang. The interior looks like you walked inside Paris hotel in Las Vegas, blue skys and what not. There is also decor reminscent of China a few decades ago. On to the food:I'm a big advocate of averages, so at the end, you'll see why I gave this place 4 stars. 1) * * * 3 stars: Mango Lychee Crepe $5.50 : Spread your fingers on your hand. That's the size of the crepe pretty much. Width is equivalent from your pinky to your thumb and the height is from your middle finger to the bottom of your palm. It is, a funnel shape. Now I came in not expecting a French crepe of course, since this is a fusion dish. A few things, it is not mango season, lychee season just past, but with all these facts taken into account. I still believe the crepe can be improved. The ice cream needs to be more spread out and not a ball, and there needs to be more nutella. Proportionally, the nutella, vanilla ice cream, can rightly accomdate each other and not overwhelming the lychee or mango. "mm choh." for all you canto's out there.2) * * * * * 5 stars: Black + White Sesame Paste $3.75 : THIS, I've never tasted, and it is not powdered sesame. In HK, I've never even seen white sesame paste. Presentation is nice, it comes out looking like the ying yang symbol. This bowl will not be that pungent, because they GRIND UP their own sesame. If you've never had this try it, it's as good as it gets. "ho jenggg"!The service by the way is great, good find Annie and great CS Alex.
<review# 2368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2009,3/22/2009,959,111,12,15,13>My boyfriend and I went here on Valentine's Day and they had a special for couples (buy one get one half-off).  This is probably the best place to do go-kart racing.  I can't believe they are open until midnight on some days!The facility is HUGE and pretty nicely kept. I would imagine this would be a great place to throw bdays or events for a large party. The staff is also very friendly.  Once you register for the first time in their system, they issue a go-kart license for you to use when you come back any other time.  They even give you a free head sock for you to use underneath your helmet.I remember racing at Speedring in Santa Clara. I had no control over the go-karts and even hurt my neck really bad from crashing into the wall.. lol. But the go-karts at GoKart Racer are pretty easy to handle, yet are super fast!We weren't sure which package to choose because we wanted to make sure we made the best of our time here.  You'd be surprised, 10 minutes goes a LONG way!  Even my arms felt sore afterward and I even got a little workout going on cuz when I took my helmet off, I was all sweaty. LOL. For $25 bucks you can practice for 10 minutes; a Race costs around $45 bucks and you get a little over 20 minutes on the track (THAT would be super tiring!). We did the Monza track - which was pretty fun! It has an elevated bridge and lots of fun twists and turns.I would definitely come back here again! I had so much fun!!
<review# 2369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2009,3/21/2009,305,300,7,7,8>Oddly enough, with my background in Vietnamese food, when I see a clean and polished restaurant, I suspect the food will not be so good.  Thankfully, Pho Dong actually goes against this impression.  The pho here is pretty solid, considering it's in Redwood City and it's surprisingly not all that Americanized, so the flavors are pretty true to the dish.  The bun here is OK, I've had better and prefer Pho Little Saigon as far as that goes.  The atmosphere is pleasant and the service is good.  I was a little thrown off that there weren't chopsticks on the table and silverware in little caddies or condiments.  They were more upscale and delivered the pho in a bowl on a plate where the chopsticks rested on the plate.  My, my how fancy! :)
<review# 2370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2009,3/20/2009,493,463,10,11,11>Okay I am updating my review.  I phoned Susan's back to inquire about another pair of shoes I saw in the store earlier this week.  She asks "Is this Nicole?"  Awwwwww my heart melts ... Hee Hee.  I'm that easy to please!!  :)```````````````````````````````````This store is very unassuming ... From the outside it looks like a store with tacky, cheap clothing.  You know, one of those random stores with cotton onesies and shtuff ... ;)  Ummmm that's *not* what awaits you inside!Welcome yourself to a world of Lanvin (I bought a stellar pair of patent platforms here), Marni, Balenciaga, etc.  It's a Burlingame Ave Haven for designer clothing, handbags and shoes!Be warned, the price tags are not for the faint of heart.  The sales staff could learn a lesson in treating the customer like Goddesses.  The designer duds are pretty fantastic.I know it's a recession ... but I have myself a problem!  A shopping problem!!  ;)
<review# 2371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2009,8/12/2010,330,533,4,12,8>Pasta Moon is one of my two favorite restaurants on the Coastside (the other is Cafe Gibraltar, but that's for another review). The food here always earns 5 stars and the service can range from 3 to 5. Last week, my husband and I had a rare night out alone, and the choice to come here was an easy one. Sure, you can bring kids here, but I wouldn't call the place "kid friendly" (i.e., they don't serve that crappy kid food you see at other places: chicken nuggets, hot dogs, mac & cheese). It's also much more romantic when there are just two at the table. Anyway, this time around we ordered an olive plate, roasted Brussels sprouts, lasagne, pappardelle with tomato-mushroom sauce, and a couple of cocktails. Everything we ordered was fantastic. Pasta Moon makes their own pasta and you really notice the difference. Normally, I would never order lasagne at a restaurant because you can so easily make it at home. But Pasta Moon blows mine away, I'll admit it. Desserts here are very good, but in recent visits I have found I can't order most of them. I am allergic to nuts and they are in almost every dessert offering (especially those that have chocolate). What a shame. Still, every time I come I hold out hope for something chocolatey but not nutty.
<review# 2372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2010,8/11/2010,836,728,17,21,17>- Veggie tofu soup- Mandu (dumpling tofu soup)- Bulgogi- Seafood pancakeYay!! My bro was in town!! He's always craving korean bbq when he's here! haha This time he wanted soup because that's all he could eat. =\ So luckily this tofu house is known for their different tofu soups!!! yay! :DI got the Mandu (dumpling tofu soup) not spicy. It was very HOT temperature wise. I burned my tongue too many times tonight while eating my tofu soup. =\ It's still numb. Anyways, I enjoyed my 3 dumplings, cracking the raw egg into the boiling bowl of rice cakes, tofu, and soup!! I only ate half of my tofu soup!! I was already so full!!The seafood pancake was HUGE! I'm glad they pre-sliced it into smaller mouth-size portions! Delicious with green onions and shrimp inside! Oh and the bulgogi dish was yummy too!!! You can't go wrong with ordering bulgogi! They had tiny pieces that my bro could eat! heheThe bill came out to almost $50! ahaha Can you believe I ordered ALL that food!?!? O_O Yes! haha I didn't have lunch today. :P But don't worry, I didn't eat it all in one sitting. Now I have leftovers for the next four days! Yay! I don't have to cook!!! :DI've been to other tofu houses like SDG Tofu House in Santa Clara (they pack you like sardines in there) and SJ Omagari in Japantown. But I have to say I really like this tofu house the best!! It's a bit hidden on El Camino. The first time I came we over shot it! It's next to Fuki Sushi. There's ample parking at the front of the restaurant!I love coming to this place!! So clean, very spacious (tables aren't crammed side by side), quick service, super nice people working here! Love the refills on the side dishes! Love the purple rice! mmmm And they give you a piece of melon gum at the end!!!!Tip- eat slowly... don't burn your tongue- ordering more than 4 dishes? get a bigger table- free refills on side dishes! so eat away!Go green: take VTA #22 or 522
<review# 2373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2009,8/10/2010,493,361,8,9,8>If you are looking for a nice spot in Half Moon Bay, where you can get some amazing food, enjoy a fantastic view of the jetty (Surfer's Beach) and do so in a beautiful, laid back and intimate atmosphere.  This is my favorite place in town!  Whenever I have friends and family in town, I bring them here, it great for group but also if you are interested in spending the evening here in the company of that special someone, it's the perfect venue. If you like intimacy you'll probably want to grab a spot in one of the booths, which is a place where you can kick your shoes off and sit in a spot surrounded by fabrics and plush little pillows. (I haven't yet mainly because I'm a messy eater so I don't think its a great idea for me... but for a date or anniversary, it would be perfect!)  Even if you aren't going for the booth,make reservations as you may be in for quite a wait, especially if you are planning to go on a Friday or Saturday night.There is a pretty awesome tasting menu where you can go through the menu and pick five items.  This gives you quite a bit of choices from the entire menu and gives you quite a few combinations based on what you are in the mood for.  I have a couple of favorites:MEZZA PLATTER (Mediterranean) - Basically, a bunch of different dips that come with these pipping-hot flat bread, where moments before they come to your table, they have been cooking in a wood brick oven.  I hummus and tzatziki are all done in house and they had this tomato jam that was really good, salty but not to oily like sun dried tomatoes and the roasted garlic cloves can be spread onto the flat bread like butter.  Oh so simple, but damn that's good!POIRE E FROMAGE BLEU (French) - The Asian pears seem to be almost translucent, but they have been cooked down a bit so the natural sugar is almost intensified, tie that in with the nutty aroma and crunchy contrast from pecans and accented by the strong, vibrant flavor, creaminess and pungent aroma of blue cheese on top of a baby greens makes a salad to die for.  They have a light and fruity vinaigrette, but honestly, the flavors from these main components are enough to make the dish stand out.JARRET D'AGNEAU AVEC DATES (French) - This was the lamb shank, cooked for a long time to the point the meat would just crumple off the bone, you didn't need a knife, you could almost eat it with a spoon, it was that tender, but still extremely moist.  They used some type of red wine reduction but they also finished the dish of with a nice natural jus from the drippings of the lamb.  They had a butter-bean and vegetable ragout, that was I believe oven roasted to bring out the natural sugars in the vegetables, and was cooked perfectly!Overall, I always like coming here, the food is very diverse, usually in the realm of cultures from the middle east, and influences from Morocco and French.  The staff here is friendly, but sometimes on a busy night, getting more bread and water can take a little more time, I usually ask to get the table right across from the wood burning oven, so I can get more of that awesome flat bread!  Make the drive out and give this place a try, although you might have to get a place at one of the beach side hotels, as you are probably going to have a serious case of food coma after eating here.
<review# 2374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2010,8/9/2010,216,293,13,10,9>Let me come right out and say this:They are better than Santa Ramen!Here is why:1. They are not stuck-up like Santa Ramen who doesn't really care if you eat there or not since they are so busy already.2. Their service is prompt and you don't have to keep flagging the waitresses down. They had four waitresses there even on a Monday night!3. Their bowl of noodle is enough without having to add extras like you do at Santa Ramen.4. Their Chicken Gravy is way more tasty than anything Santa Ramen has!5. Parking is not an issue.6. Their noodle are done just right.7. Their food come promptly, while it is still hot!Santa Ramen, you are SO yesterday!!!
<review# 2375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2010,8/7/2010,186,252,13,12,11>WARNING: Romolo's is addicting!! I've got my sister and her bf driving down from San Jose just to pick up a cannoli or one of their homemade ice creams! This time she brought back strawberry and roasted banana ice creams. The roasted banana was D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S! The moment you put the spoonful of the creamy ice cream in your mouth, you get punched with the banana flavor. If you love bananas, you will kill for Romolo's roasted banana.Likewise, the strawberry ice cream was absolutely yummy! The flavor of fresh, sweet strawberries dance around in your mouth with every bite. I don't know what else I need to say to convince you all to haul butt over there!And btw, I have not been to any other ice cream shop in the past year as I have with Romolo's in the past 2 months, and it's only the beginning of summer!  God, help me and my craving for Romolo's.
<review# 2376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2010,8/6/2010,31,134,2,25,5>The BEST indian food I ever had was in a quaint little neighborhood in the subarbs of London, England.  But as much as I loved their chicken tikka masala, crossing the Atlantic is just not very practical for satisfying a gastronomic craving.Driving to San Mateo, however, is very doable and thanks to Bollywood Indian Cuisine, a quick 5 minute drive can result in a totally satisfying meal of fresh, delicious indian food served with a smile.What makes this place a step above the others:- condiments that come with complimentary papadum are better than the usual- naan is hot and fresh out of the oven-curries come with rice!  No need to order rice as a side dish!-Fijian options on the menu (A first for me - actually quite tasty!)Hubby and I really enjoyed our meal here, and our waiter Eric was very friendly and offered good recommendations.  He even poured us some complimentary wine in exchange for 'feedback' as they are putting together their wine list.Overall, very good - will definitely be back.
<review# 2377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2010,8/5/2010,75,138,5,7,5>What's worth saying that hasn't been addressed? Uh, so to you who were hoping for a big refrigerated piece of pastrami put through a meat slicer and then complain about the cut being too thick then woe to you because you've missed the point, are picking nits and just can't appreciate quality. This was the most amazing melt in your mouth pastrami I've tasted. Since sandwiches at Carnegie/Stage are $20+  these days don't think this is completely out bounds price wise, though okay sure it's on the expensive side. But this isn't Subway so I don't want to hear about it.The Reuben sandwich is a phenomenal thing, the Ohio's State Fair burger...the sweetness of whatever is done to the meat...caramelized onions? Delicious. Gut bustingly delicious.And they have the most Belgians on tap in the bay area, plenty by the bottle, and a selection of wines by the glass, in particular (at least at one time) Cab Franc from the Loire valley. Fries also bomb.I don't know what I'd have to complain about...the services is fast, the food delicious, the beers divine. Brought my friend a beer fanatic from the East Coast here...absolutely loved it. Best pastrami he's had.Like that sports is on the tube - like the aluminum belgian beer signs on the walls.I'm impressed.
<review# 2378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2010,8/4/2010,60,57,3,4,4>I have been taking my pets here since I was a little girl - so probably 25 years or so (I guess my parents took them when I was that little). Dr. Jones owned and ran Acadia for years and has sold it to the Griesshabers (as I understand).  Anyway, Dr. Jones is the best.  He really helped my cat Marble, and dog Buffy.  Buffy had to be put down when I was 13 and the transition was done there.  It was a sad day, but Dr. Jones is so professional and so was his staff at the time.I can't say I know both Dr. G's yet very well.  I have met with them a couple of times about my two cats and they were very knowledgable.  Both times I went in for emergent basis - one of my cats is accident proned - some procedures were recommended (and I went along with) that were rather expensive, i.e. x-rays with no demonstration of actual pain by the cat, and eye drops for some kind of nerve problem they thought he may have had.  I get that things are expensive when you have to take your babies in to the vet...so it didn't bother me.The staff there is as friendly as can be and very attentive.  Of course my cats hate going to the vet because they know they are going to be poked and prodded, but the staff always comes in and oooohhhs and ahhhhs over my little ones.  Because, quite frankly, they are the cutest ever.It's a family feel to the place and everyone seems very genuine and caring.  I would recommend taking your pet to Acadia.
<review# 2379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2009,8/3/2010,150,220,3,11,4>The main reason why I always come here is that it's the most reasonably priced Brazilian I've been able to find in the area. Most places charge $65, which I think is absurd. The price here has gone up from $35 to $38, but that's still considerably cheaper. And for a smaller price, Dottie's wax is still comparable in quality to other places. She uses two types of wax, a hard, blue one for the main job, and a soft one for getting rid of strays. Sometimes she uses a fan to cool the hard wax. Dottie's also quite friendly and makes you feel comfortable (the waxing happens in a room in the back that's actually really nice). I only have two complaints. The first one is that Dottie ALWAYS misses a few spots. I've never had a spotless wax here. This time, I pointed out a few strays to her, but she doesn't go out of her way to be precise and meticulous. I also feel that the inside of the place is unprofessionally messy. As soon as I walked in the other day, I saw a bunch of cardboard boxes out, and there are usually things strewn on the floor.
<review# 2380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2010,8/2/2010,76,236,10,16,12>I'm English so I'm going to be hyper-critical. In that case, it's only fair for me to say up front that The English Rose is about to become my go-to Sunday breakfast place when I'm in the area. It was a pleasureThe tea rooms is unlike any tea room I've ever been to in England in any of the five decades I've been filling my face. It's a hotchpotch of mismatched eras which ends up being slightly kitsch. All the same, right down to the Sunday morning music playing in the background, there was something comforting and nostalgic for the child in me that grew up in the tea-room ridden Cotswolds countryside in the 1960s and I can't think of anywhere round here that I'd prefer to go for Sunday breakfast.The English Rose's first win was tea in a teapot with a cup and saucer. After four weeks bouncing around the USA slurping Joe from polystyrene mugs this was an indulgent treat. Second win, HP sauce. Nobody can explain the English love affair with HP sauce and a fried breakfast without it is unthinkable. If they hadn't had it, this would have been my first and last visit. Top marks!Now I'm going to get hypercritical in my comparison to a traditional English breakfast so, remember, I said this is a pretty darned good breakfast. Loved the crumpets, they had a home-made feel. If they were, a tad more salt would be good. I was surprised the banger was so acceptable, big, juicy and perfectly cooked. Unfortunately, it was a dinner sausage and I'd have loved a traditional, herby Cumberland sausage. Tomatoes and mushrooms should be halved and broiled not sliced and fried and it would be good if small portions were included rather than having to buy large side portions of them to complete the full breakfast (not that I didn't still eat every scrap :-)More importantly though, thin, crispy bacon? Yikes! Not ever, never, ever will you see this anywhere in England except an American chain restaurant! Bacon should be thick-cut, juicy soft and grilled with the rind on. That's the lost star. I can't get it in France either but it's so important a part of our food culture that I butcher, cure and slice my own.The restaurant was relaxing, food good, service nice and friendly. It was a real Sunday morning treat and, given it's an easy hit from the office, I will most certainly be back some time soon to try lunch and will no doubt raid their stall for Cornish Pasties and other goodies at the Thursday night market.
<review# 2381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2011,10/6/2011,574,428,6,9,8>We came here on a sunny wednesday afternoon, based on my friends suggestion i ordered the veggie specifically the way my picky self wanted it, which i got thanks to the patient guy making it! Not only did i get my sandwich made to my specifications, it was also GINORMOUS! We also shared an order of the sweet potato fries which although are good are more than likely frozen. A great place all in all! don't park on the street it's only 24 mins, go up 2 blocks make a right turn at the farmers market and theres 10 hour meter parking on your right hand side!
<review# 2382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2011,10/5/2011,220,627,7,8,6>I mean, this definitely is not a dive bar.  Go to Silver Fox in San Diego if you want to see a real dive bar.Still, I like it.  The back half of this place smells like a dirty bathroom, but the front has a ton of seating sooo it's perf for hanging out.  Drinks were cheap "considering that it's Palo Alto" as someone said.  I don't remember the crowd that night, but as it is everywhere else in Palo Alto, it was a Gunn / Paly reunion.I'll probably be back because... I'm a townie. Haaaaaaa.
<review# 2383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2011,10/4/2011,201,109,2,14,6>While it seems almost redundant to add another 5-star review to a great organization's Yelp page, these are folks that deserve every business boost they can get.I was initially nervous about letting a perfect stranger clean my house. I've had housecleaners before, but they were always people we already knew before.  They did a decent job, good enough that we never had to worry about keeping our floors swept and counters clear.  Our last cleaner was a friend of ours who we hired as she was looking for work. Once she found a full-time job in SF, it was time for a new service.We found Maria G's on Yelp, of course. Did a walkthrough with Jose, Maria's son, who was a consummate professional. Every time I told him he could skip this or that part of the house (areas that we rarely use), he would insist that his team CLEANS ALL THE THINGS.  We negotiated a rate. It was about $5 less than we'd been previously charged, and it sounded like it would include more people and more cleaning.  We set up a trial cleaning the next day.They brought a team of 3-4 people (I think 2-3 is the norm for ongoing cleaning) for the first cleaning, and WOW. They went DEEP and DETAILED.  Just as Jose promised, they essentially skipped nothing.  They also seemed to know just where to put things in the kitchen-- they had a great intuitive sense of where our stuff goes. I didn't have to go hunting for stuff as I sometimes had to do other times. I feel good about this business and I definitely plan to make them our regular housecleaners! Highly recommended!
<review# 2384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2011,10/3/2011,134,722,6,8,7>This is a nice little lunch place that seems to get a decent sized crowd even in the unseasonable June rain! The place is clean, the staff is nice, prices are decent as is the service and the menu seems to have something for everyone --- including the kids!!  I recommend the Bombay Lamb Frankie --- spiced tender lamb chunks are topped with onions & rolled in an egg coated paratha.Delicious and great comfort food for a rainy day! I'll definitely lunch here again!
<review# 2385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2011,10/2/2011,852,371,5,6,6>Parking is terrible! But other than that, it's a great place to go for a run (or really, jog). Go clockwise and there are a few steep hills, but mostly downhill. Go counterclockwise and it's pretty much all uphill.There's no shade though, so I usually go when the weather is moderate. It can get really hot during the summer. Excellent views of the Bay from the top! The loop is about 4 miles long, completely paved. Was here this morning and the breeze was excellent!
<review# 2386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2011,10/1/2011,131,144,5,6,9>I really don't like seeing doctors...haven't seen them for like 5 years, and one day I decided to say "hi", then ended up going there all the time...:PLuckily, I picked a right one that doesn't make me feel too bad, not even a little uncomfortable. I have to say, this place is really neat.  And with all friendly, caring, and high quality doctors and staff.  I have very luckily experienced 5 different department in the last month, I'm very happy with all of them! I will stay with them from now on when need.  If you need doctors, and your health insurance covers, I highly recommended this place!
<review# 2387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2011,9/30/2011,636,81,11,13,10>UPDATE!! I love my dentist!! I bet there aren't that many people who can say this. Anyway~ this time around, I went with no dental insurance. They knew this and was very honest about the pricing and was up front about it. There were no weird hidden costs.  It was way more affordable than I thought it would be. I had my digital xrays taken, had my teeth checked by Dr. Held, and then got my teeth polished and cleaned. No cavities again. YAY!!! See you all in 6 months! ** Early Office Hours is a plus!! **
<review# 2388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2010,9/29/2011,358,1030,10,15,11>Got a special occasion? The Sunday brunch at Navio would be a perfection option. My husband recently took me and our baby here for brunch. Everything is served buffet style. Unlike most buffets, however, it's not all about quantity. It's also about quality here at Navio. The variety was impressive - from Italian to Chinese to Japanese to French. Each dish was prepared with care, especially the warm ones coming straight out from the open kitchen. Beef, lamb, chicken, fish...all types of cheese, olives, finger foods...and don't forget the endless supply of caviar. I was also happy to see a dedicated sushi chef at the counter. But too bad for him and the rest of us, the selection was rather poor. He must get bored making the same nigiris and rolls over and over again.The dessert section was the most mesmerizing in my opinion... Make sure you leave some space in your tummy, because there are LOTS to savor. In addition to the numerous sweets we tasted, I got an extra bag of cookies for the occasion. Yay!The ambiance and service are top-notch. Our server made us feel comfortable dining with an infant and could not be more attentive. The room is cozy and relaxing, yet elegant. Next time we'd love to get a table at the window to more readily enjoy the coastal view.SUM: Certainly the best brunch experience we've had in a while. So when is our next special family occasion?
<review# 2389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2011,9/28/2011,258,234,5,7,6>I tried not writing a review about this place because this place is one of Foster City's best kept secrets!  The foot massages here are so good, they really cater to the way you like to be massaged whether you want gentle or firm pressure. It's so relaxing that I fall asleep! What I also like about this place is that it's very clean and they put the foot tub on a pedestal for me since I'm kind of short. The other massagers barely talk to each other and if they do, it's more a whisper. Most of the noise are from people coming in and out of the foot spa. Even though this place is a little pricier than other foot spas, it's definitely worth it. Many times they have special deals such as every Mon and Tues it only costs $20. You can also book your massage on their website so it is convenient.
<review# 2390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2011,9/27/2011,56,302,5,6,6>Five stars for their outstanding, innovative cuisine and for the restaurant's intimate, charming feel.  The chef, sommalier, and staff are trying very, very hard and it shows.The mushroom custard amuse bouche was superior.  The chef nailed it.  The first time I went, he was just trying out a custard dish as an amuse and it was also excellent.  I've had two fish dishes - one a special, one the cod on the current menu - and the special far surpassed the cod in terms of flavor and presentation.  Don't know why, but the flavor palate in the cod dish was underwhelming; the fish was bland, the puree was sweet, and the wilted greens were a weird, bitter-salty flavor.  The special dish I had earlier this year melded better.  My husband's comment about his dish (a beef stew served in a beautiful pot) which he ordered with a side of rice, was that it was delicious, but tasted similar to other Indian food.  My thinking is that the most successful dishes are those elevated to fusion status, not those that most closely ascribe to traditional recipes.  Dessert was a lovely homemade ice cream with bits of chocolate and strawberry served over a fruit compote.  I wanted to bottle the compote and take it home - delicious!The wine list is well-chosen, both by the glass and per bottle.  I don't know if they're still not charging corkage fees, given that they have their liquor license now.  It's something to check.I have one gripe and that is that the place is expensive.  I know they use the highest quality ingredients, but some of the dishes are great value, and others are not, depending on size.  For example, the Ode to My Wife salad?  Delicious but not worth it.  But the fritter appetizer served over chickpeas?  Small, but it's so tasty I'd pay any price for it.
<review# 2391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,10/19/2012,85,147,6,9,8>Super yummy sandwiches. They bread is toasted at just the right level to ensure that there is a bit of crunchiness.  The special garlicky sauce enhances the turky and roasy beef sandwich. I like the little hershey candy bar they give you with the sandwich.Btw, fries here are awesome. Nicely seasoned and crunchy on the outside and soft in the inside.Only problem with this place is the wait.  You should expect a good15 - 20 minutes to get a sandwich.  If you are only budgeting one hour to eat lunch, likely you will only get 15 - 20 minutes to eat if you come here.
<review# 2392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,10/18/2012,151,122,5,7,4>VERY... VERY... Good place. I came here with some friends for happy hour one week and I am absolutely bummed that I didn't come here earlier. They have amazing drinks, not necessarily the happy hour drinks, but the specialty cocktail. Sometimes, I feel as if the beer is a better deal, but those darn specialty drinks are so freaking good. Definitely try them all. Maybe not all in the same day, but if you have a DD and a good alcohol tolerance, you sure can try.Moving on from drinks, those wings... Are... DE... Licious. Ever had San Tung Wings from SF? These guys are pretty close. For $5 during happy hour, I got about 8-10 sweet wings that I could not get enough of. NOM NOM NOM!TL;DR: NOM NOM NOM ON SWEET WINGS AND DRINK THE SPECIALTY COCKTAILS!
<review# 2393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,10/17/2012,149,582,2,4,4>I recently had some front end body work done here after half totaling my car.  And it came out absolutely beautiful - as in as perfect as the day I bought the car new.And on time.  And with regular email updates from the owner.  It struck me as expensive, but it was premium work and must be a reasonable rate since State Farm had them listed as one of their preferred partners.Incidentally, State Farm handled the claim very nicely (full review here: yelp.com/biz/jeri-fink-s).
<review# 2394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2012,10/16/2012,267,761,4,9,8>I came here again recently. I don't eat here too often because it's a bit of a walk for me from my work place. However after trying their vegetable curry I will try to make an exception to come here every Tuesday/Thursday. My usual is their chicken saute, which I have to say is too spicy for me. The spiciness really builds and it sucks that you can't ask for a milder one. So this time I decided to try the curry. I saw that there was butternut squash in it, which I am a sucker for. Mmmmm it was so good! Right amount of flavor and curry to rice ratio. Love it. I think this will be the dish that I order from here from now on. Although I still want to try their salads - they sound like the Thai version of Vietnamese bun. The line does seem intimidating, but it moves very quickly which is good.
<review# 2395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,10/15/2012,401,113,4,6,6>Now that I've been here more times than I can count or remember, I can safely say that Nola's is one of the best bars in downtown Palo Alto. It manages to be somehow be a balance of both upscale and casual while serving above average drinks and food.I appreciate that they don't charge cover EVER unlike a lot of the bars in the vicinity. Prices are probably a little higher because of that but they make some quality drinks. Their mojitos are always a favorite because of the abundance of freshly muddled mint but I always ask for it less sweet. Their food is also really delicious though I can't say I'm a cajun connoisseur. It's a great place to kick back with friends, enjoy happy hour, party on weekends or take a date. The lounge area is especially comfy if you're able to grab a couch before they're all taken!
<review# 2396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2012,10/14/2012,905,867,2,13,9>This place should really draw crowds the way the most popular restaurants on Castro Street do.  It's easily one of the highest quality restaurants in the area and a true contrast to the numerous other Japanese places like Xanh, Bushido and Barracuda.The interior is simple and clean and reminds me of the very authentic Sumika in Los Altos.  Although dinner can be pricey here, the quality of several cooked dishes is top notch and the sushi/sashimi here is of the highest standard.The lunch specials are, in particular, a great deal given the regular prices and the quantity of food you get.  Top choices include the black miso cod (a dish done everywhere but executed well at very few) and the sushi/sashimi selections.  Although the sushi bar is a small four seat area, people in the know (like Ken K.) know this place has excellent quality fish, especially if Sushi Tomi nearby is too crowded.We had two choices for lunch and both were under $20.  Each included soup, salad, and a small cooked dish (a small piece of marinated fish with some ponzu onions).  The Kobe Beef Zen sounded the more appetizing of the two, but the beef, while tasty, shows you how little kobe means nowadays.  There's been a moratorium on importing real Kobe from Japan and most restaurants use Australian or US-grown Wagyu for similarly high quality, marbled beef.  If you see Kobe anywhere else, especially at very affordable prices, it's more likely just a higher quality beef.  Nearby Shabuway markets their kobe beef slices similarly.  The standout was the Edo Zen, a selection of top notch nigiri sushi paired with a fantastic real crab meat handroll.  The selection included hamachi, sake, hotate, and even anago.  It's only 7 pieces, but I was full after the soup and salad.  I'll be back to try their 10 piece sashimi lunch and their sashimi over rice (ie:chirashi) selection too.  I've had dinner a few times here, but the prices are much better for lunch.  Kappo Nami Nami accepts credit cards, including Amex.
<review# 2397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2012,10/13/2012,55,85,9,6,6>I am perturbed because in a 2 month time span, my duchess title has been taken away from me by another asian female with the last name initial L.  In fact, I am sandwiched between two asian females in the duchess of Phil's treasure Pot on-going competition-- Both with names that start with a J.. and both with last initial L's.  I am starting to feel what the rest of society feels-- over-run with hungry and petite asian females with last names with Lee, Le, Lu... etc.  So I suppose, as the prior duchess and current second runner up, I should write a review at a place that is near and dear to my heart.  I love Phil's because it appeals to  whatever mood you may be in--1) Hangry and need some food ASAP before you kill someone? Remedy:  Get some grab and go Chinese food now.  Be sure to split your noodles with half chow mein and half chow fun.  2)  Some time to kill and missing your family?Remedy:  Order from the cook to order menu.  Everything is so well priced you can easily order a few dishes and save some for later. Variety from chinese --hawaiiian -- vietnamese food.3)  Rough day and need some food lovin'?Remedy:  Get anything from the Hawaiian cook to order menu.  Particularly, the spam musibi which is humongous and delectable.4)  Food ADD or indecision?Remedy:  Talk to any of the wonderful people who work there.  I love Phil's mom like she is mine, and everyone there will treat you...and take care of you like family.  Also, Phil will make some great suggestions from their secret menu.5)  Love _____, but want some personal oomph?Remedy:  JUST ASK!  At Phils, they do not take personal offense to your personal preference.  He encourages you to order your dishes the way you like to eat them.  They are here to serve.I have tried to sum up my passion for Phils.  You ought to go there and find out for yourself.
<review# 2398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2012,10/12/2012,81,144,2,4,4>Prettyyy good for what you get!Came here on a Wednesday afternoon after work at around 5:15pm. I had called about half an hour before to see if I could come in, and they said sure thing. I needed a pedicure done and was happy they could take me so quickly.The place is nicely decorated and was not overly crowded with tables or massage chairs. It was also very clean and no strong smell of acetone. I picked my color and sat down, prepared to enjoy my pedi.I liked how they give you a hot stone massage, and put hot towels over your calves - it's definitely very soothing. I did get a little burned over the hot stones though, so be careful! My lady was also a little rough with my cuticles, and almost hurt at one point. Overall, I'd come back, and would recommend this place to others!
<review# 2399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,10/11/2012,113,362,4,10,4>Ah, Webb Ranch U-Pick... one of the highlights of my summer. I LOVE ollalieberries, and this is the place to find them. I don't mind the price because I'm mindful that this is someone else's farmland, they care for said farmland (both land and water are pricey 'round here), they probably have to insure the place, and... bottom line... it's a business. They aren't running this so I can amble around and nosh berries without paying (as edenic as that would be). :)Pro Tip: Before you head over to the U-Pick, check their website to find out whether they're open yet, and what's available for picking. And, be prepared to deal with the fact that even if the site says they'll be open, they *may* decide to shut down due to heat, lack of availability of berries, or something else. As disappointing as it is to traipse down there and be turned away, I get it, and recognize why they do it.Some additional tips for you...Wear grubby tennis shoes... or even hiking boots. You'll be walking in slightly uneven, slightly rocky, slightly weedy terrain. (This is not to say they don't take care of the land -- they do; but a farm's a farm, not Santana Row, so best be prepared for that.)To identify ripe fruit: Most of these berries are pretty dark in color. If they're still magenta, they're not ripe. A ripe berry will come off the vine pretty easily... if you really have to tug, it's probably not ready to go yet.Consider wearing thin latex gloves. The bushes are thorny, and you may need to really reach into the bushes to get some prime fruit.And remember, it's a farm. You will encounter creepy crawly critters like ants, spiders, and other bugs. As for the stand further down Alpine--yeah, I don't think it's intended to be a full-blown farmer's market; just a nice local stand where you can pick up some fresh local fruits and vegetables. It's a little on the pricey side, but I so value having one of these little stands nearby, I like to support it on occasion.All in all, I'm grateful for the presence of Webb Ranch. Along with CJ Olson Cherries, it's one of the last vestiges of agriculture in the San Mateo/Santa Clara area, and I appreciate it for that reason.
<review# 2400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,10/10/2012,836,728,9,11,10>It's all about the happy hour! :D Stop by the bar Monday-Friday from 3:30pm-6:30pm!I've been here a few times to celebrate my friends' birthdays! It's nice to come here with a group. The tapas dishes served here are meant to be shared. - mushroom empanada (were my ABSOLUTE favorite!)- cuban wraps (super good too!)- chicken liver (be adventurous!)- seafood paella (i always get this when i'm here)- beef short rib adobo (not as good as it sounds)- fried calamari- onion shoe string- tres leche cake (YUM!)- sparkling sangria (mmmm... makes me happy :))- mojitoThe atmosphere of the outdoor dining area is definitely different from the indoor one. One feels more laid back and relaxing, while the other feels more energetic and loud, respectively. On Friday and Saturday evenings, there's a live band that usually plays inside the restaurant! Quite lively and entertaining!I will definitely be back for more happy hour fun! Come join me and I'll buy you a drink! ;)
<review# 2401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,9/22/2013,474,505,4,7,5>It is long over due that I write a review, but I'll go way back to the beginning of my fitness journey starting January 2011. I've always thought I was pretty fit and one day I noticed my clothes fitting a little snug. Ok. They were really tight. I knew it was time get back into shape like my marathon running days when I would eat whatever crap I wanted and run 5-10 miles and would be a skinny Minnie. BUT I hated running. I dreaded it. It was like a chore. I didn't want to run. I can't even do a mile on the treadmill without getting bored. I can run outside for longer distances, but it wasn't the same. So I joined a gym.It was hard trying to do things on my own without classes or someone standing over me telling me what to do.. I was a little lost. I did as much as I could, but I was lazy and was not pushing myself to what I could do. I tried to take classes that fit my schedule.I did pilates, yoga, spin class after spin class, after 6 months I felt like I was stagnant and my progress plateaued. Although I worked out 5 days a week, hiking Mission Peak was still tough. So I canceled my gym membership and started all the different boot camps that Groupon or any web deal in my area had to offer. Tried Crossfit and several other boot camp fitness classes before I finally stumbled upon Fit For Life in October 2012. The trainers here are different. Not chit chatting with every cute girl that walks in the door. They truly care about their clients. Whatever your shape or size, they will modify to your abilities. They're not afraid to correct your form (or add more weights) as they walk from station to station checking on each member. The people that come here are nice and will talk to anyone that is new and try to welcome them on board. A few of these people have become friends of mine, including the trainers. Very few fitness camps have this friendly vibe and I am so grateful for that!Classes are Mondays through Thursdays. If there is no web deal, try the Friday drop in classes. Friday's are more intense, but you will get the best work out for your buck!End result! I haven't lost as much weight as I wanted, but I've toned up a lot. I LOVE to eat, so that is probably why I don't see the results on the scale, but in how I feel. My clothes are fitting better! I also know muscle weighs more than fat, so I'll take muscle over fat any day. That's my journey and I am happy that I found a program that works with my schedule and abilities. Thanks for making working out fun again!
<review# 2402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,9/21/2013,41,380,4,4,3>I LOVE Moroccan food.  There are definitely very few Moroccan restaurants locally, so after I passed this place, I knew I had to try it.  I was not disappointed.  Located at near end of the main Castro Street strip of downtown Mountain View near El Camino Real (far opposite the other end that is near CalTrain).A little pricier than I expected, but the EXCELLENT food makes it worth it.  Fairly small and cozy restaurant is pretty popular and sometimes offers live entertainment, which unfortunately I have never gotten to see despite having been here a few times.  I recommend making reservations on busy nights for dinner.  Definitely a place for adults and not children.  Very low key atmosphere, and the servers and owner are also super nice.
<review# 2403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,9/20/2013,208,619,8,12,11>30 beers on tap. 80 inch tv on the wall. Very tall ceilings.Outdoor seating is perfect for California weather.This place is new to Mountain View and they are doing it right! The food is kind pricey, the stein burger was $11 including fries, but it was pretty good and I love the atmosphere here. Although the fries are a bit salty, a nice cold beer does the trick. The Cruller Doughnuts comes with 3 donuts, some vanilla dipping sauce that I would highly recommend, and a small cup of unsweetened chocolate. The donuts are kind of like churros just circular shaped and plenty of cinnamon sugar sprinkled on top. They are a bit dry by themselves, but dipping them in the vanilla sauce solves that problem.Our service was pretty spot on, our waitress frequently came by to check on us.
<review# 2404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,9/19/2013,76,170,2,9,6>Let's pretend for a second that you're a bike shop. Now, imagine the trickiest customer you could possibly have. The one that calls up with a whole lot of unusual requests and asks you to just sort it out. Let's say this customer has a bike being shipped in from Boston. But they're not sending it themselves; a friend is sending it for them. They have a loose bike lock in box. The bike shop that packed it and is sending it tagged the bike wrong, and your store manager's name all over it -- so it's not clear whose bike it is. Then, said customer rocks up the day the bike arrives and asks for it to be ready... tomorrow. Oh, and just for kicks, turns out the derailleur is totally broken because the bike has been in storage for six months. Well, that customer was me, and the bike store that just sorted it out and made my Specialized mountain bike sing like it was brand new was Mike's Bikes in Palo Alto. A big shout out to Robbin who dealt with all my crazy requests and Francisco who put the bike together **on the spot** for me.I wish dealing with every store was like this.Oh, and as a bonus, they have an awesome range of bikes and accessories available too. This is a great store and if you're in PA and looking for a bike shop, look no further.
<review# 2405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2013,9/18/2013,154,218,4,5,5>This place has been around FOREVER. I am thinking it has been around for at least over a decade! There is always a line out the door and for good reason. They make delicious baguette sandwiches - ham and cheese, turkey and cheese, etc and butter they butter the baguette like they do in France. Mmm. Their butter croissants are OK. I've had better. Not crispy enough on the outside and not fluffy enough on the inside. Probably not enough butter;) I got my husband's raspberry truffle cake from here for his birthday and it did not disappoint. He loved it. I loved it. My family loved it. Was a sure win. They also have mini desserts too but they are pretty pricey. Just a slice of the cake was $6.75 or so. Much better value to get an entire cake! I highly recommend the raspberry truffle cake. It's so decadent and the outer layer is marzipan which is so freaking delish.
<review# 2406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,9/17/2013,292,227,4,5,7>Okay, no joke - I went here TWO MEALS IN A ROW AND ORDERED THE SAME DISH! My girlfriend and I had a girls' night dinner here on a random whim in search of fish, and we ordered the Manchurian Chicken that everyone was raving about as well as a fish dish (whose name I don't remember, but the order is S517 if you're looking to order it). I loved that fish dish so much, I came back today for lunch with my husband and ordered the same thing again! :D It was a bubbling hotpot dish that had big chunks of yummy fish filet, bean sprouts, bell peppers, mushrooms... spicy but not too spicy, and just the right amount of savory/salt... ahh, I want to go back already just thinking about it. You should definitely order it alongside of a non-spicy dish though so that you can truly appreciate it. The first night when we ordered it along with the Manchurian Chicken (which was good but soo spicy!)... that was probably a mistake. Two spicy dishes was way too much! But they were tasty, so we ate on despite the pain.I'll be back! Three days in a row is probably too much... or is it? ;)
<review# 2407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,9/16/2013,89,414,5,9,3>The Midnight burger is with a fried egg, bacon and cheddar.Fried egg.  Bacon.  OMFG.A not-overcooked burger patty that actually has juices running out of it while you eat.  Need lots of napkins.  Messy good.Garlic fries, top notch.  Big portion, share.AWESOME beer selection.   Karl Strauss Red Trolley Ale?!  Wow, never see that up around here.  (It's pretty awesome stuff.)  They actually carry quite a selection of San Diego beers.  Winning.CHILI DOG!  OMFG.  One of the best I've had.  CAP'N CRUNCH MILKSHAKE.  Say no more.  Pure unadulterated gluttony goodness right there.Go eat.
<review# 2408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,9/15/2013,184,711,,8,3>Ask for Peter. He's got the strongest hands and he actually pays attention to problematic areas. He immediately recognized tension in my neck and spent a lot of time trying to get the knots out. Occasionally he was a little rough, but overall it was awesome. $25 for the hour it was well worth it. I know some other Happy Feet Locations only charge $20, but that extra five bucks for a massage with Peter is oh so worth it. I feel bad saying that, because clearly, a massage is worth more than $25 in any given circumstance, but, alas, this is Happy Feet. Cash only Don't forget to tip well!
<review# 2409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,9/14/2013,286,975,5,7,4>GREAT place for a first ramen experience!  All four of us got the vegetarian ramen, and all except one finished our plates!The vegetarian ramen comes with seaweed, noodles (of course), parsley, greens, two different kinds of mushrooms, and tofu.  The broth is so flavorful and rich--nutty almost-- and it's just the right amount of spicy, too.We were greeted and seated right away when we came in, even though it was absolutely hopping on a Sunday night.  The service was friendly and prompt, and the bill came out to just $8 a person!  For huge and satisfying portions.This place is now in our regular rotation for sure!
<review# 2410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,9/13/2013,218,243,,3,4>I'd been procrastinating a hair cut for a bit too long and finally decided to get it over with.  I searched on Yelp to help me find a salon that was on my route to Oakland.  After calling a few salons, I was able to get an appointment with Mila.Mila was absolutely fantastic.  She was excited to talk to me and get a better understanding of my hair care process (which is basically non-existent).  We discussed the different cuts we could do that would be easy to take care of and still look good.  I walked out of the salon with a great cut that works if blown out or air dried.  I'll definitely be returning to see Mila!
<review# 2411,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/18/2010,4/6/2010,1533,1062,7,11,10>I miss and liked the old Noodle Shop.  But my dad took me here a couple times in the past week or so after "re-finding" this place.  Oink oink oink...we consumed a little piggy or two here..as a lot of their menu lists pork dishes.  I do enjoy Cantonese food more, but there are some tasty dishes here.The Good:*Seafood Soup w/Tofu...it's a nice, light broth with egg whites, shrimp, tofu & fish maw.*The Bean Sauce Noodle...can you ever go wrong with this?  The noodles taste homemade, I hope it is!   I'd get this frequently at Shanghai Dumpling in Millbrae.  I believe it's bean sauce mixed with ground pork, tofu, and cucumbers.* Braised Bacon Cut Pork....this is a red sauced cut up pork pieces with lots of fat (but it gives it mucho flavor) and is served on a bed of bok choy.  My grandpa would always order this at Cantonese restaurants in the city & it would come in a clay pot.  I think it's called wushoo pork?  The OK..*Hunan Tofu- surprisingly it's not spicy!  I like the texture of the tofu (fried but pillowy on the inside) and covered in sauce, but it's just kinda lackluster.*(stir fried) Shrimp & string beans..always taste the same at every Chinese restaurant I go to!  Skip..*Braised Pork Shoulder.. first few pieces all around were okay, but as my brother & dad wanted more we discovered the middle was very cold!  It definitely needed to be cooked longer & there were quite a number of inedibles.  Just stick with the braised bacon cut pork which is plentiful & all cut up for you.Clean tables and decor.  Service is consistent.  And as I do at many Chinese owned businesses, I love their golden knocking kitty...except now thanks to the show we love to hate, Jersey Shore, I always think of it as doing the Fist Pump & not knocking, but what can you do about MTV?
<review# 2412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2009,4/5/2010,181,676,53,57,57>I grew up in Belmont.  I've been going to this place for 20 years.  For donuts, it doesn't get any better.  I used to go to Rolling Pin in San Bruno many years ago -- which is amazingly delicious! -- but Pilgrim Kitchen is the best I've ever been to.  I had trouble getting into the Krispy Kreme craze all those years ago, because I had Pilgrim Kitchen only a mile away.  WARNING:  After eating here, you can't go back to eating grocery store donuts.  They'll taste like a circle of garbage compared to Pilgrim Kitchen donuts.
<review# 2413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2010,4/4/2010,505,313,7,8,7>Came here on its Grand Opening and it's rather AMAZING! They served endless sake, sangrias spiked with sake, and tapas. I loved the omelette like appetizer and will definitely stop in for lunch/dinner soon. This is definitely a real treat for Castro as we needed a trendy Izakaya (and a wine bar and a Yogurtland) restaurant. Definitely a date place =)
<review# 2414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2009,4/3/2010,50,154,4,5,5>I am a believer.  The carnitas here are oh so tasty.  I have not found carnitas this good outside of Sacramento (excluding Mexico of course).  Just a tease bit of crunchiness on the outside and bursting with flavor once you sink your teeth into it.  The super burrito pollo asado is also phenomenal.  Taqueria Los Charros is the right price and definitely the real deal.  Authentic Mexican food with generous portions and friendly staff.  I used to believe that Taquera La Bamba was the best burrito in town, but I might have to readjust my rankings after failing to conquer the one at Taqueria Los Charros.
<review# 2415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2010,4/2/2010,1509,3598,5,10,8>I think most of the reviews are missing the latest great news update about the Refresh Bar...they are serving Ici ice cream as well as the Ici Cone (homemade waffle cone with the chocolate at the bottom)!!!What a lineup...blue bottle coffee, froyo, satura cakes, that takes the cake cupcakes, Ici...all in a chic, inviting ambiance.  definitely trendsetting.  before you know it, you'll be seeing Kogi trucks parking outside!  you could tell a lot of thought went into designing this place; it is truly a labor of love.  very thoughtful kid-friendly sectionher froyo (lychee and tart) is a cross between the creamy kind of say Blush and the icier type such as Tartini.  lychee is very tasty.soon, they will be opening the upstairs lounge portionDr. Chan is friendly, smart, and dedicated.  i am impressed with her vision (no pun intended) and innovation.  Clearly, she is promoting high quality and is on the cutting edge.
<review# 2416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2010,4/1/2010,1379,168,13,18,13>I absolutely adore this place. Not only is the service impeccable, but it is family owned, and I'm all about supporting that.  Opened by a lovely husband and wife and their extended family, and the chef coming from the Philippines, The ambiance: Beautiful open setting and open kitchen.  Small and quaint, yet big enough to have privacy.The food: Traditional filipino ingredients and flavours with a twist (sometimes on the meat- ex. scallops adobo), sometimes on the presentation.  Achieving elegance in traditional food.  YUM!  My fave is this ceviche-type dish made of crisp pork belly and ahi tuna marinated/cooked in vinegar! Also to note: the appetizer platter was delicious- the "sushi" made with salty egg was truly magical!Not to mention the delicious pandan panna cotta served with mango cubes and slices of kiwi!Definitely worth the visit for a foodie palate... and if you want to go on a #dishcrawl with us (starting here- it happens FEB 27th starting at Bistro Luneta at 5p! (5 dishes in 5 restaurants) plancast.com/a/bgkAlso, videos of interview and foodie adventure with Bistro Luneta coming soon to starryeyedfoodie.com!
<review# 2417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2009,3/31/2010,381,291,12,7,6>Useful tips from Huey:To find this place, walk in the alley next to Chef Liu's.  Look for a door with a sign that says "Cocktails Lotto."  If you look close, there's a small piece of text that says "Mervyn's.""So what are your specials?" "Um, everything is cheap. Cash only."Even though you think there's nobody in the bar, it shares its bathroom with a Chinese restaurant.  Thus, you might have to wait.It's the diviest bar in Mountain View, so enjoy the cheap prices and bring a date.  If you're lucky, she might slap you a few times.
<review# 2418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2009,3/30/2010,80,241,3,5,3>i loved it as bandera's and i love it as the grill...Atmosphere - dark wood, leather, circular bar in the center of the resto. lots of locals, family and singles, not sleezy.Food: everything ive had is good. steak is well cooked the rotisserie chicken i usually order and pickup for an easy meal at home. the ribs fall off the bone and the sauce is not too overpowering. The mac n cheese appetizer, is delicious and always tends to ruin my apetite for the rest of them meal cuz i cant help but finish it all. THE COLESLAW... soo good, but has a peanut sauce, so if ur allergic im sorry cuz ur missing out and unfortunately they cant change it. Their corn bread is a favorite amongst my friends i however dont like the jalapenos, but even so it is good. The french dip is really good as well as the burgers.since it is such a locals spot - the wait staff is very friendly an attentive, especially if they have seen you there before. oh and a must try : THE LEMONADE - Its fresh and not too sweet.... try it with a rasperry or cherry flavor. sooo goodd mmmmmyeah and no corkage fee- another amenity for their loyal local customers which is fantastic!
<review# 2419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2010,3/29/2010,90,150,9,12,9>This place is on our regular weekend brunch rotation.  I round up to 4 stars because Rick's is super kid-friendly, has nice and efficient wait staff, and the portions are huge.  Foodwise, it's only okay but sometimes we just want to eat at a place where we can get in and out fast and feed the rugrats without any hassles.  The kids normally order off the kids' menu:  baby burger, macaroni and cheese, or grilled cheese sandwich chased down by a smoothie that the staff happily splits into two sippy cups. My husband orders the green eggs and ham omelet and I get a grilled chicken sandwich (minor gripe - the toasted bread on the sandwiches is normally pretty soggy when I get it).  The waffles with strawberries and whipped cream are very tasty.  There is rarely a long wait here - even though it can be really bustling during weekend brunch.  To ease the pain of waiting 5-10 minutes for a table, they offer free organic coffee outside the entrance.  I've seen a bunch of cheapskates drive up to Rick's and jump out with empty thermoses and then hop back in their cars after filling them up.  Shameless.
<review# 2420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2009,3/27/2010,403,410,6,8,8>My favorite lunch spot!Very very very cute and spacious with great service and French bistro treats and lots of great desserts (although somewhat pricey at $4-6 per serving).I LOVE their quiches and soups!  Quiches come with a small salad as do their sandwiches.  I've had the roasted veggie sandwich and it was quite delicious.  The walnut bread was super tasty.Sometimes I'll get a half soup with French breakfast (half a baguette with butter and jam) and some freshly squeezed grapefruit juice.  All of this for ~$8.  I've never had a bad soup here.This place is known for their macarons, but unfortunately I find them waaay too sweet. Maybe that's how all macarons are... too sweet and crumbly for me.Their eclairs are wonderful.Outside seating is nice, but sometimes it can be a little loud since it's right next to the street.  Nothing unlike downtown Mountain View and sitting outside on Castro street.If you are going to park, I recommend parking on Arguello street parallel to the Caltrain.  It's $0.25/hr and only a block from Pamplemousse.  All other parking areas are more expensive.I come back every week!
<review# 2421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2007,11/27/2007,307,514,8,12,14>We went here this past weekend for our one-year wedding anniversary.Driving up to this B & B, we're thinking, hmmm, cute, but probably overpriced.  How can they charge $300-400 for rooms in this place that looks like any other cute little bed and breakfast?  As we walked up the path, the first hint of the enchantment to come arose as the scent of roses and other flowers in full bloom (in November) wafted under our noses.  Quite pleasant.  We ring the doorbell and Terry, one of the owners invites us in.  Whoa!  Holy victorian flowery insanity batman!  It's awesome - crazy yet cozy decor in all the common rooms and definitely in our room: the Bordeaux Rose Suite.  Although we are dizzy with the abrupt transport into this cult of flower worship, Terry manages to give us a very detailed and clear tour of our room and the grounds and then leaves us to settle in.  We wander around our rooms, eyes agog at all the crazy flowers, the canopy bed, the stained glass and other optic treats.  There are so many little details that make this place unique and special.  Here are just a few (some of these pertain specifically to the Bordeaux Rose suite):- Personalized card from the owners welcoming us- Personalized wine and cheese hour (when you want it, where you want it)- Wine and beer in the fridge ("And if you want something different, just let us know.")- Cozy fireplace room with breakfast table should you desire (as we did) breakfast in the room- One of the common rooms offers cake, cookies and coffee till midnight- Magnificent garden area with enchanting little walkways that are romantically aglow with faerie lights at night- Hot tub under a gazebo that couples can reserve so that it's always private- Help-yourself decanters of brandy and sherry in every common room and in our room- "Sweet dreams" - Lindt truffles at our bedside- Stunningly delicious and abundant breakfast- Large Jacuzzi tub in our bathroom (bath bubbles supplied too), that makes the perfect environment in which to enjoy one's post-breakfast champagne (bubbles for my inside and outside!)Wow oh wow, we felt completely romanced, enchanted and well-taken care of here.  It certainly does cost a pretty penny, but I must say, it was worth it for a special occasion.
<review# 2422,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/14/2007,11/26/2007,185,344,19,9,11>$20 for 20 minutes of back massage. Not bad.. not bad... but it's done outside, in the middle of the mall hallway, with people staring at you getting rubbed down.The massage itself was alright. I've always had a knot on my right shoulder between the base of my neck to the shoulder joint (too much mouse clicking?). My friend who recommended this place said the massage was pretty good and it loosened her milk ducts and her baby had a lot to drink that night. I'm sorry, was that TMI? But I thought that was pretty cool. Too bad I don't have any milk ducts to unclog.Anyway, after my massage, the knot didn't go away completely. But my left shoulder was a bit tender. Medical/therapeutic massage may do better job on me, but the quickie mall massage wasn't too bad.A little warning, NONE of the employees speak english. They all speak mandarin chinese. I'm pretty sure my masseur was talking about me when he said something like "this is/she's very....", and I didn't catch the last word. I'm HOPING he said "tense", and nothing else!Also, a few times when he's massaging me from behind, I always felt something touching my butt. I'm HOPING that was his knees and not some unmentionable appendage. I can't tell because I'm forced to stare at the floor the whole time.I should learn some chinese, come back, and pretend I don't understand so I'll know for sure what they're really talking about.
<review# 2423,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/1/2007,11/25/2007,84,244,12,7,8>This place is GREAT birth control! Screaming kids, running around, crashing into you, almost making you fall and drop your tray of  "fresh" salad, toppings, dressing, red bean soup, baked potato with cheese and sour cream, self serve frozen yogurt with rainbow sprinkles, bread(for the husband, I'm on a gluten free diet)...UGH!!!  Note to self: Do not have any kids anytime soon....
<review# 2424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2007,11/24/2007,566,414,10,13,16>I'm not a huge fan of eating dim sum here. The light yellow walls are drab, unattractive.. just not pleasing to the eyes. It takes away from the whole experience, since all I end up focusing on, is how "bleh" I feel about the matching yellow everything. The food is just as expensive as Koi Palace, so I might as well enjoy the environment while eating.However, the 4 stars, is for the wedding banquet I attended here. When we first got the invite, I just thought.. GREAT.. what an eyesore of a place to pick.. Boy, was I wrong.. The banquet was amazing. They dimmed the lights perfectly, so you couldn't tell the walls were gross yellow. It was elegant, the food was great, attentive waiters were always nearby, and the only minus was the speakers next to our table being way too loud. They've got a couple of LCD tv's for slideshows and such, a nice dance floor, and the layout of the restaurant is perfect for banquets. They even allowed a photo booth vendor to set up near the back.. The atmosphere seemed ideal.. even though some distant older generation relatives, who recently had another wedding, were complaining about some stuff.. I thought it was perfect, and I bet most of the younger generations thought it was too. It's probably been the best wedding, I've ever been to.. You won me over.. esp. for banquets. :)
<review# 2425,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/3/2007,11/22/2007,15,40,12,6,8>Dearest SamTrans (110 Bus in particular), We've been going out for a while now, and it's about time I start telling you how things are going for me.  First off, you're clean - a definite plus in my book (especially after breaking things off with NYC's 1 Train).  You have a schedule and are relatively on time for our meetings.  I appreciate that.Sam (may I call you Sam?), you just get tired too easily.  You're finished before 11 on the weekdays and 7 on the weekends!  That's just cruel!  In returning to the city by the bay, I assumed that public transportation would be accessible at all times - as it is in my beloved NYC.  I was wrong.  You make having a social life extremely difficult.  Also, you don't allow me to transfer for free.  That makes me sad.  I will stay with you for a while, as you do afford me the opportunity to get into the city without getting my driver's license.  For that reason alone, I will not give up on you just yet.Sincerely,~Molly
<review# 2426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2007,11/21/2007,68,563,5,5,6>***third visit***Dr. Fong is da bomb (hey, that sorta rhymed!). He replaced two of my old crusty metal fillings today and I didn't feel a damn thing. Nothing! Normally I can feel the novocaine shot and it stings like a bitch but with the fabulous Dr. Fong, not one bit of pain. He also made quick work of it, the hour flew by.Major bonus, I got to watch Cartoon Network while he worked, how friggin' sweet is that?!***original review***I was very impressed by Dr. Fong's office and his staff. On my first consultation visit, he spent loads of time with me explaining everything he was doing (not every dentist or hygienist does that) and advising what I could do to improve the situation in my mouth (like a lot of people, I have an allergic like aversion to flossing) but not lecturing. He was kind and super attentive. X-rays were taken with the fancy new digital machines and the hygienist made fast work of it.Second visit, for my actual cleaning was about as pleasant as a dental cleaning can be. Lindsay was incredibly nice and very thorough  and was cool enough to not ask me questions while she had her hands and instruments in my mouth (why do other dentists and hygienist do this? we can't answer you!). She gave me a pretty new pink toothbrush too :DThe gals in the front are real nice and friendly too without being overbearing or annoying.I have to go back to get some fillings (boo hoo) so am reserving a 5th star for after that work is done.
<review# 2427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2007,11/19/2007,236,200,36,35,42>This has to be the BEST AIRLINE EVAR!!!I took one of their first flights from JFK to SFO... and let me tell you ...EVERY SINGLE SEAT HAS ELECTRICAL OUTLETS and USB PORTS!!!!!!!!!!This is a big freakin' deal!  Especially  for the paranoid flyer who must  be constantly entertained or run the risk of trying to SCRATCH their way out of the plane... and wind up in plastic cuffs, no doubt.Oh right, and don't forget the touch screen ordering system!  boy do i LOOOOVE ordering drinks without having to speak to anyone!  yes, I'd like a bloody mary, a white wine, a vodka shot, a jack and coke . . . a glass of water . . . snacks?  nah, no snacks.*swipes credit card on console*voila!  one drunken flight coming up!
<review# 2428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2007,11/18/2007,61,108,7,15,15>GREAT tasting.  They do it every day that they are open (i.e. Tues - Sat), and they would include $200+ bottle wines in the lineup.  They pour generously, almost 1/3 glass, so you can easily share the flight with another person.  So this place is quite educational, especially since their tasting flights have focused themes (for example, not just red burgundy but down to specific appellation) and the guy who works there (most likely an owner?) can offer great guidance.  However, for some reason I can never find the wine I like here.  Yes, that's largely my problem, but because of that this place hasn't become my favorite wine shop...yet.TIP: Their monthly newsletter becomes handy when trying to figure out what wines they have.  You can just pick it up near the cashier.NOTE: Many French wines -- but no Bordeaux.
<review# 2429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2007,11/17/2007,934,159,5,12,10>This place is the cleanest gym I've ever been to. They have people constantly cleaning it. The machines are top of the line..even the weights are completely clean and nice..nothings rusty..like my 24hr fitness. Machines all work..nothings broken. People seem respectful..not too macho. The locker room was great. They have shampoo body wash and conditioner in the showers. They also provide disposable razors and some generic shaving cream and blow driers. They also have some machines that I've never seen before. My favorite was this chest machine that you sit down in. It has cables that you pull out straight in front of you so it really isolates your pecs.Oh ya..they also have some real nice flat screens for watching tv while on the cardio machines. The highlight was the juice bar. Ya it's kind of expensive but it's worth it. They make everything there fresh. Juices...goji berry drinks...green stuff...all organic and vegan. Even the cups that look like plastic are made of corn! The 2 people working there were extremely helpful. Jen..(I think her name was) gave me a lot of info. They make these cacao bean and spirulina granola like balls that are supposed to give you tons of energy for the day. I tasted one..it was good. Try the e3 live shot too. Way better than a wheat grass shot from Jamba Juice.
<review# 2430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2007,11/16/2007,853,724,7,13,13>Cute, cute name.  Saying it makes me giggle.  And no, I haven't been drinking.One display case is devoted to all the varieties of macaroons (18!).  Move over Miette's!!!  At $1.95 each, and at least 1/3 larger than Miette's macarons, this is a steal.  We had the almaretto one and it was good.  And, I didn't feel like I had to nibble.I also tried the banana mousse cake, which was not too dense, not too fluffy, and not too sweet.  It didn't feel overly indulgent, which was good.Looking forward to trying the other 17 varieties of macaroons...
<review# 2431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,8/8/2012,47,93,3,11,7>They need to change their name to The BEST Bagel!Sunday morning run followed by a pit stop at the Better Bagel.  As I ended my run through the nob hill shopping center I came across this little bagel shop.Walking up to the storefront I notice nothing special.  Walking inside, nothing out of the ordinary.  Looking up at the menu and their bagel selection, nothing impressive.  I was hungry so I ordered a breakfast bagel on a sesame seed.  Must've been my lucky day!  Everything came together quite nicely with the fluffy egg, the melted cheese, the bacon and a freshly baked bagel.I was so impressed I went back in to order a few more plain sesame seed bagels.  Unbelievably soft and chewy.  The bagels here are incredible.  Unlike bagels from other spots, they do not tear in a ripping fashion.  These bagels are, for lack of a better word, sticky?I'll definitely continue to come here.  My housemates and I agree that these are the best bagels we've had.They do run out of selections sometimes, so try to visit them early~!The prices are competitive with any other bagel shop in the area.
<review# 2432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,8/7/2012,111,246,,4,4>The owners of Preziosi really have a lot to do with making this the best jewelry store in the area. It feels like visiting family when we walk in. We are always greeted warmly.They have some of the most beautiful jewelry I have ever seen and they do perfect repairs. I usually let things pile up and walk in with an assortment of "projects" needing attention. I trust them completely and have no worries leaving my treasures here.There are a number of jewelers in Los Altos but Preziosi is the only one I trust. I tried of few of them and always felt like if I wasn't buying a big ticket item, they didn't want to be bothered. In Preziosi, I feel like they are delighted to see us and will take good care of our jewelry. I highly recommend you stop in and see some really spectacular treasures!
<review# 2433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2012,8/6/2012,106,436,8,9,6>The chicken and corn dumplings here are pretty delicious.  They are more juicy than any other chicken dumplings I've ever had.  Usually chicken dumplings are very dry.  But I came here really to try the Xiao Long Baos.  They came out in a tray of 6 and looked very...sad.  Shriveled up.  But when you bite into them, they are full of soup!  So surprising!  And so so delicious!  We also ordered the wonton soup.  The soup itself was filled with wontons.  I think there might have been 8-10 wontons in there!  It was a pretty decent portion, but I didn't like the flavor of it too much.  The broccoli and shrimp dish was a little salty, but the broccoli was cooked perfectly.  They actually give you the large shrimp here.  And plenty of it!  I think our server was the owner.  He has a very sarcastic humor that only some people can find funny.  Bear with it and laugh along with him.  The dumplings are worth it!
<review# 2434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2012,8/5/2012,186,285,3,4,4>After doing a little yelping we were surprised to find this little restaurant off of El Camino in San Carlos.  A little run down restaurant - we were welcomed right away and given any table we wanted (it was an odd hour on a Sunday).  Not knowing exactly what to order we followed suite with other "yelpers" and made sure to order some Soup Dumpling.  For some reason I wasn't expecting that much so I was pleasantly surprised when the dumplings were pretty darn good (could have used a little more soup).  The first time I had soup dumplings were in NYC in a very famous Chinese restaurant known for soup dumplings and I think Panda's may actually be better.  Besides the soup dumplings (a must order) we also got some Mongolian Beef (one of my favorite Chinese dishes).  Their dishes are pretty hefty (we ended up taking leftovers to go) and the taste was unique (in a good way).  Overall, i would definitely come back to Panda.  FYI - don't expect the best service in the world =)
<review# 2435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,8/4/2012,160,319,3,6,5>Wonderful shaded hiking with well marked trails! There are some semi steep grades throughout Alambique and Bear Gulch trails so be prepared. Parking does get crammed on the weekends, but its easy to park on Woodside just outside the entrance. As other reviews have noted, I like the Alambique Trail to Alambique Flat to the Meadows to Bear Gulch route. However, there is a map at the trailhead to follow, so you can easily plan your journey to the distance you prefer. Definitely a great destination to enjoy some quiet alone time or a vigorous hike with friends.
<review# 2436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2012,8/3/2012,61,194,1,5,4>Whenever I leave work after a 12 hour day, I call hubby on the way home and suggest we go to Hotaru. We would arrive a little before they close, sit down, and order a large Asahi beer, curry rice with fried shrimp and croquette, a roll, and the fresh sushi of the day (must ask waiter/waitress - we once got some amazing otoro this way). Sometimes, I'll even throw in an order of uni since this is one of the places where the uni is consistently the creamy/sweet variety with no bitterness. Aaaah...Other stand outs have been the curry udon and the bento specials. I think the only times I've been disappointed have been with the chirashi or ordering nigiri haphazardly without checking with the wait staff.
<review# 2437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2012,8/2/2012,118,101,7,12,7>I've finally found a place to fulfill my crepe cravings in San Mateo.  I wish you weren't so far being on the other side of town but whatever, I'll make my boyfriend do the drive through the 92 so that we can get a crepe from here.  This place is delicious and affordable.Some tips and notes:- Don't get directions to this place directly from the Yelp app.  It took me to a neighborhood courtyard.  Just keep driving until you see the little shopping plaza with a Safeway.- The 2 times I've gone here has been late Sunday afternoon, around 4PM.  Only about 2 or 3 other groups of people there so we were able to have a seat and the wait wasn't too bad.  But I can imagine it being really cramped and being a really long wait if there were any more people there.  The place is VERY small with only about 4 tables and it really is just the husband & wife team so it does take a while.- To the person comparing this place to Sophie's Crepes--don't.  Sophie's is Japanese style and these are French style.  Totally different.  But equally good in my opinion.DISCLAIMER: I only order banana & nutella crepes wherever I go.  So I guess take my review with a grain of salt.
<review# 2438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,8/1/2012,220,362,5,6,4>It's been way, way too long since I've updated my Northern CA Mongolian BBQ list...and I'm thrilled that my latest addition is one that is so close to home!  (Okay, "so close to home" is actually still a 15 minute drive away but considering I've driven three hours for mongolian BBQ....this feels like it's my literal backyard.)Su's in Santa Clara has always been at the top of my Mongo list, even after trying countless places in Sacramento and the Central Valley, where they take Mongo more seriously than us here in the Bay.  But it's gotten harder and harder to visit Su's, so I was excited to hear that not only did a Mongolian BBQ joint open up nearby, but it was the same folks that own Su's!  When I came in, I was greeted by the same lady that drops off the water and sweet and sour dishes at Su's...it was like coming home. :)They've only been open a week and I think they were still trying to figure out the whole staffing situation.  The two servers were clearly slammed trying to get drinks and refill food items for roughly 30+ people.  I felt even worse for the lone grill attendant, who wouldn't have a chance for a potty break for at least a few hours.  I was dismayed to see that some people would force him to stop and clean off his grill (a five minute task that stops the line) before their bowl and then not tip him anything.  The poor guy is like 60 and going dizzy from walking in circles in 100-degree steam and you can't drop off a single buck in the tip jar?Anyways they're used to big crowds at Su's so I know it will only be a matter of time until they work out the labor kinks.  The food is great, I'd venture to say even better than at Su's.  The prices are reasonable for this area - $13 for all-you-can-eat.  You know I will be back, and be back often....
<review# 2439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,7/31/2012,258,441,4,5,4>Scratch is most definetly in my top 3 places to take a Castro Street Newb to lunch.  The ambiance is fetching and trendy and the leather booth seating is quite cozy.  They always have great new specials to boast on their menu and the bar?  It's a whole other story.  If you can sneak one of there excellent beers on tap or order yourself a custom cocktail from the oh-so-eager-to-please bartender - DO IT.  I keep meaning to get over there after work for a cold one.  I can't lie and say I haven't been tempted during a case of the Mondays to enjoy one at noon!  haha Pulled Pork... Plantain Chips, Specialty Pizzas that change each week... Bacon Blue Cheese Burger you can order that will make you take a nap under your desk after!... Crab cakes are a great staple starter here too.  If you get the fries?  They are thin and crisp and perfect for dipping in any of their side sauces you can request.  BBQ... Ranch... Mmmmmm They keep you on your toes with their menu changes here.  Something new each visit!  and that favorite thing you had last time you were here?  Might not be available if you wait more than a week to enjoy it again. hahaAlways excellent service.  Sometimes it seems empty because the place is very big on the inside... They tend to sit everyone in the front right section, but I like to mix it up and eat at the bar every once in awhile.  It's fun to sit there and day dream about what it would be like to have a Belgian beer before going back to work.  ;) Enjoy!
<review# 2440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,7/30/2012,401,113,4,7,6>Did not expect this gem of a gastropub in the heart of downtown Redwood City! The ambiance is super trendy and adorable and the waiters are extremely helpful and easygoing. I wish I remembered the name of our waiter but he was especially knowledgeable and attentive. He recommended the most delicious mixed drinks whose names have also escaped me...hm. Ordered the fish and chips, the fish was delicate, flaky, and fresh and the thick-cut fries were SO GOOD. My date ordered the lamb burger which I had a bite of and it was juicy and ungamey and also came with the amazing fries. Kept on eyeing the mac and cheese on menu but didn't want to scare the guy off with more fatassery. I VOW to return to try it! (and those Scottish eggs people keep on mentioning) As for the restaurant itself I really liked the dimly lit space and how the tables were spaced far apart enough that you weren't intruding on the next person's conversation. Very intimate and cozy on a weekday night.
<review# 2441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2010,12/7/2010,64,375,3,7,6>It doesn't look like much from the outside or inside and I don't really get the name Apus but the food here is really tasty and well made. It's true the portions aren't huge but they are reasonably priced. For 2 people, we ordered 3 dishes (off their 3 for $20 menu) with rice (additional $3 which is a bit steep but the rice quality is definitely better than the typical rice you get from a Chinese restaurant).  You also get free soup of the day (which is a flavorful broth with random stuff I don't recognize but my mom would. It does taste good.) and free dessert at the end - I'm personally not a fan of the hot sweet dessert soups at the end of the meal but it is appreciated. I would certainly come back.
<review# 2442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2010,12/6/2010,225,288,7,8,7>As a native New Yorker raised in Jamaica, Queens, I had some of the best fried chicken, grilled chicken and of course JERK chicken.  Now, I hear all this hype about this small place in Menlo Park that makes a mean jerk anything.  Boy am I surprised! This place is hands down the best jerk chicken, yes even better than the places in NYC. The chicken was deliciously moist and not dry one bit.  If you get the platter, it comes with two scoops of rice and plantains.  This place definitely took it back home with their native Caribbean roots.  Bobby Flay should come here for a throwdown, I'm sure BackaYard will give him the run for his money. =)
<review# 2443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2010,12/5/2010,8,83,9,3,4>The tempeh wrap is wicked good.  It comes with soup, that was good too (cauliflower/almond).The fake shrimp ("crumbles") sucked though.  They were striped like shrimp but way too rubbery-chewy.  Almost like actual rubber, ew.  When will they figure out that vegetarian foods don't have to imitate or replace meat or seafood?  Just make something that's good in itself, people will like it on its own merits.If they could get the cost down by a factor of 2, this place would be competitive with the average fast-food chain.  This price-parity is an absolute necessity if the mainstream population is going to move off meat, which is a social change that needs to happen soon.  The MBAs still just don't understand that price-parity is the single most important parameter in the equation: if they want mass-market vegan success then they MUST NOT position the restaurant/product as in any way "premium", which always fails.  It has to be $5-7 out the door, including a drink, like BK.  Then the masses will come to feed, and the planet will be saved as new generations abandon meat for cheap vegan food that tastes better and is better for them... yay!"Supreme Master", who founded this chain, has made an admirable effort in the right direction.  They just need to refine the menu a little more, and then focus totally on price competition.  If it were my chain I would rename it, "Veggie Queen" and give it green arches to compete directly and brazenly with BK.
<review# 2444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2010,12/4/2010,203,272,5,8,7>This is not a bad place to do your laundry. I used to come here all the time when i first moved to Redwood City (before I had my own washer/dryer). I came here tonight to wash some huge blankets that just can't fit into my washer at home. The place is clean (you can see people wiping up around here all the time), bright, there are like a gazillion washers and dryers here, and the prices are reasonable (five bucks to run a washer that could fit my two comforters). At first I put them into this HUUUGE washer that would have required 40 quarters, but then figured out (after realizing I don't HAVE 40 quarters) that I could fit it into the one that was just $5.By the way if it seems confusing when you see some of the washers say "5.00" and some say "0.40" -  the 0.40 means you have to put 40 quarters in. I had to ask someone about that!It's also nice that there's a Starbucks right next door if you want to grab some coffee while you wait. They also get BIG points from me, recycling fiend that I am, for having lots of very large bins that are clearly marked as recycling containers for bottles, paper, etc..I just wish we could have a place like Brainwash Cafe here on the Peninsula. It's so cool to be able to have coffee, right where you are doing your laundry, instead of having to jump from place to place.
<review# 2445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2010,12/3/2010,1509,3598,4,9,9>4.5 haven't tried the other famous chaats (in the bay area) yet, but was happy here(contrary to others, service was fine, and i didn't exactly blend in)such an extensive menu, hard to order, and you really should come with a big groupguess i should try the chaatstried kofta curry, baingan bharta with masala roti and spinach parathaexcellent spices, freshly cooked flat roti/paratha, both similar texture, slightly oily rather than flaky.the paratha should have been thicker or more stuffedbasically sopped up every bit off the plates = sign of  a good meal
<review# 2446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2010,12/2/2010,125,185,6,12,8>I tended to head straight to Jiffy Lubes because I was lazy, but this place is so much better (thanks Yelp).- They're extremely quick, and don't even want you to get out of the car. Woo!- You get a free carwash or tire rotation with the service, and the tire rotation is normally ~$15 extra at a JL.- They accept JL and other major chain coupons, so the fairly cheap oil change (normally $36) was $5 off with the coupon I showed them on my iPhone.- Last but not least, they care about the environment; they apparently don't turn on lights during the day if they don't have to, use all low-energy bulbs, use re-refined oil, and a whole slew of other improvements.Fast, cheap, ecological... perfect. Highly recommended.
<review# 2447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2010,12/1/2010,321,372,10,11,7>I took a friend visiting from Alaska here. The food was pretty decent, if a little pricey. I know organic costs more, but it was still a little shocking for a Thai restaurant. He didn't mind though, since I was paying. For an appetizer, we got the Poo Tod just because well...how could you not order something with that name? It was a soft shelled crab on a salad base, and tasted a lot better than it's name would suggest. The entrées were good, though not exceptional. The eggplant was eggplanty, and the pad thai was pad thai-y. My only major complaint (other than my bank account disappearing) was that we were there for lunch and the service was really pretty slow. It wasn't crowded or anything, but I had to look around for the waiter a few times. Would I go back? Sure, if someone else wants to pay...
<review# 2448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2009,11/30/2010,232,126,4,6,4>If you've already tried the Shabu House at its original location on Geary St, SF, then rest assured that this place stays true to its root of consistent high quality beef fused with some of the best spicy miso broth! If you haven't? well, you simply have to try it if you enjoy any Shabu style cooking at all.The ponzu sauce here tastes very refined and sets it apart from many Shabu counterparts. It is not overly sour nor watered down, just right with a few drops of spicy sesame oil. I've tried probably 8 different bottles of ponzu from Japanese market myself and have yet to taste anything better or similar!During my 6 visits here, the beef prove to be top notch. The right amount of fat/lean ratio is a sure winner, I only wish they make each slice bigger, but that's nothing to complain about. Spicy Miso base is really a pure bliss! It just makes every thing click. The beef, vegetables, are all detectable and need not to be totally soaked in dipping sauce. Personally I like to order extra set of black mushroom and tofu to savor the tasty broth a bit more.The ambience boost clean line design with spacious dining area to accommodate large groups. This is in my opinion, a big step up from to the narrow, cramped SF location, and it is only 5 minutes away for me at Burlingame!The service here is fast and efficient, one time I was seated in a smaller table because I was too hungry to wait for bar opening, and was offered free beer for the whole party to compensate!This is seriously as good as it gets.
<review# 2449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2010,11/28/2010,39,46,7,8,5>It's like a poor man's Whole Foods, but bigger. Might not be *quite* as 100% post-gluten, consumer-free, fair-animal, trade-safe or free-range-wind-powered, but whatever... they're conscious enough of all the stuff you're supposed to be conscious about this month. What's more, the atmosphere competes, the prices are lower, and I feel a *little* less of a pariah driving up in my 3.8L V6 having forgotten my reusable bags. Okay, to be fair, they don't have quite as upscale a selection; truffle butter & cheese were nowhere to be found, for instance. But cheese knives are 3.99 instead of 26.99, wine glasses are 4.99 instead of 17.99, and similarly for paper cups, plastic forks, cutting boards, and a zillion other things you might buy when you weren't planning on it.Other than being clean, modern, well decorated, and having a pretty complete selection in most categories, Nob Hill is mostly unremarkable as a grocery store. One notable thing, they have very good liquor prices, and a very good selection of bourbons (for a grocery store), not as much so on scotch and tequila though.So yeah... basically, this is where you get most of your groceries, Rite Aid and Lucky are where you get the stuff you spend so much on every month you're willing to endure the places to save a bit, and Whole Foods is where you go for that esoteric shit you buy to impress company.
<review# 2450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2010,11/26/2010,751,680,18,24,21>This is one of those places in my town that I've passed by many time, and each time have said "I have to give this place a try."  I've passed by the large billboard on Northbound 101 between Highway 92 and 3rd Avenue with a picture of Malou Nubla, and her endorsement of this place.  Finally, after reading Rene C.'s recent review of this place (yelp.com/biz/kingfish-re), I was reminded again, and was determined to give it a try.We didn't have any reservations for that Friday evening we visited, but fortunately it was relatively early in the evening, they were able find us a booth for the 4 of us.  Just as well, because a half hour later, there were people waiting in the front, waiting for any available tables.I remember when the previous occupant of this restaurant was a brewery and restaurant.  I liked the comfortable and casual feel of that place, and I'm glad Kingfish kept it.  Layout is pretty much intact.    As you enter the restaurant, there's an shellfish bar on the left (yelp.com/biz_photos/GH2u), and the bar on the right.  Towards the rear of the restaurant is an open air kitchen (yelp.com/biz_photos/GH2u).  Downstairs, there's a couple of billiard tables (yelp.com/biz_photos/GH2u).We were seated towards the back of the restaurant on the first floor, near the kitchen.  Our server came by and greeted us, and took our drink orders.  When she returned, we were ready to place our orders.-Steamed mussels and clams (yelp.com/biz_photos/GH2u):  Steamed in a white wine broth, parsley, garlic, pepper flakes.  Very garlic-y they way I like it.  There were some house herb rolls, but  I would have liked some crusty bread to accompany this dish-Glazed mini BBQ spare ribs (yelp.com/biz_photos/GH2u): This came with a small side of with apple cole slaw.  This was appropriately sized for an appetizer.  Nicely seasoned riblets, hot and moist.-Dino Critter chicken tenders:  Kids weren't too hungry, so they ordered this.  One had theirs with mashed potatoes (yelp.com/biz_photos/GH2u), the other with fries (yelp.com/biz_photos/GH2u).  Chicken tenders were OK, but I did like the seasoned and battered fries.  Should have order this on the side.-Jambalaya (yelp.com/biz_photos/GH2u): Shrimp, chicken, andouille sausage, mussels, peppers, long grain rice.  Spicy, hearty, a bit greasy from the sausage, but good.We passed on dessert, but we did get a plate full of house-made cinnamon sugar cookies and salted caramels (yelp.com/biz_photos/GH2u).Service was pretty efficient.  Timing on some of the courses were a bit off.  I was expecting the mussels and clams to come out first before the rest of our courses, but they came out the same time, creating a very crowded table, and making it hard to me to enjoy my jambalaya by itself.The evening we visited, I noticed a lot of large groups, and a lot families in the restaurant.  It's a very lively and bustling place, and diners didn't seem to mind the elevated noise.For me, it's good that this place is family friendly.  Will be back.
