<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2014,11/26/2014,155,128,1,3,2>My new favorite Sushi Spot in KC!!  I first heard about this place from a few of my friends in my crossfit gym (and of course searching for places to eat near my house).  I was a little hesitant at first when i drove by - it was a small hole in the wall.    It was an excellent decision to stay and enjoy my dinner.  I ordered the Lavender Lemonade to drink - OMG it was delicious!  I ended up ordering the sushi/sashimi dinner with miso soup.  It unexpectedly came with crab rangoons and a crab salad. Both were delicious and fresh and a wonderful surprise.  Not only was the fish fresh and delicious - but who I believe was the owner came over and made sure I knew what type of fish each piece was and provided recommendations on how to pair them.  Was a wonderful dinner experience.  More so for me because it was a treat to myself and I was able to enjoy a good book along with dinner.  The service was excellent and unobtrusive - which made it much more enjoyable for me eating alone.  All to often I end up somewhere where they are overly attentive when I'm at dinner by myself with a book.  Instead they made sure I was well taken care of without interrupting.Overall, service and dinner was excellent!   I ended up coming back here a number of times prior to writing this review - I even dragged my boyfriend along on one his trips back to KC.  Will definitely be back and bringing plenty of my friends!!
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,11/25/2014,34,41,1,6,3>Webster House must be one of KC's better-kept secrets, as I haven't heard it mentioned as one of the must-eat places, but it definitely deserves that status.It seems to have gone through a minor format change since the first time we visited, but one thing that hasn't changed in all our visits is the comfort and warmth of the food, all served in the upscale and unique setting of a restored schoolhouse filled with lots of beautiful antiques and decor. The fact that it is now in the shadow of the new Kauffman Center has really helped it blossom.Speaking of the Kauffman Center, the ownership at Webster House has really taken advantage and gotten quite good at doing pre-show meals, and I think they even offer a show-specific prix fixe for people who want to have a coursed meal. It's a great place to get really dressed up, go have a fine dinner, then head to the ballet, symphony, opera or other show of your choosing. You can even park in the Kauffman Center garage and walk to Webster House in nice weather.Another thing that I really enjoyed on one visit last year is the chef's counter--it's a 4-6 person counter that looks in on the kitchen and line. I had to call to reserve it, but it didn't cost anything additional . The chef came out and talked to us a little bit, told us about his food, and even offered a complimentary starter--the excellent shrimp and grits in Red Eye gravy that's on the current starters menu. Another menu regular that stands out is surprisingly the roasted chicken with leeks, pancetta, potatoes and apple cider gastrique. They also do a chocolate souffle that is excellent, if you have the 30 minutes to wait for them to bake it.Overall, it might be my favorite fine dining location in Kansas City, between the combination of location, quality, consistency and atmosphere. It's definitely a local classic.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2014,11/24/2014,48,264,1,4,5>Came here last night with my uncle and had a yummy meal! We ordered 2 orders of spring rolls (they're tiny but delicious), 2 rolls (volcano & vegas) and an order of mango chicken.My favorite was probably the volcano roll.  It had a slight spice from the jalapeno and good flavor.  The mango chicken was quite good also but it was a little too sweet. Could use some heat! ;) Friends Sushi & Bento may not be the largest or the most expensive sushi restaurant around but if you're looking for a pretty good meal, you can find it here.The service was good and not overpowering either.  I'd recommend it.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,11/23/2014,17,59,1,3,2>I love when little gems like this just pop up in your world even though they have been right next you for a while!I am so happy I randomly found this place (thank you Yelp!). Dare I say-- it is the best italian in the metro? Yes. I. Do!I had the meatball sub--- by far the best meatball sub I have ever had. The meatballs were hearty-- the real deal. Not a lot of filler, but a real, true, flavorful ball of meat!! Covered in sauce and cheese and cradled in delicious italian bread!! PERFECTO!It came with a nice green salad. A meal to please the masses!My friends tried other items on the menu and were all extremely pleased. For the lactose intolerant: Meatball sub, hold the cheeseFor the gluten intolerant: Polenta BennieFor the Vegetarian: Four Cheese with Pesto Panini Great service! Great food! Great space!
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,11/22/2014,80,254,3,5,6>I didn't realize that I hadn't written a review for one of my favorite Indian food places, Taj Palace.  Whether I indulge in a lovely dinner or the lunch buffet, Taj Palace never lets me down. The service is always friendly and the food is always fresh. The lunch buffet is plentiful and delicious, with numerous vegetarian and dishes including meat (lamb, chicken and goat). I love butter chicken and vegetable korma, as well as the saag.  I was pleasantly surprised when I asked about garlic naan, it was not on the buffet, but upon our request the cook brought a special order to our table, free of charge.  Talk about service! When dining during supper hours, expect the same great service with portion sizes large enough for leftovers the next day. Who doesn't love left over Indian?  Even though I love chicken korma, whenever I am at Taj Palace I declare that I could easily become vegetarian, as their lentils, vegetables, and other vegetarian offerings are simply phenomenal.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,11/21/2014,17,44,2,4,3>Green Lady Lounge is my favorite place in Kansas City to listen to live jazz music. You can't beat the amazing musicians they bring in, their great selection of hand-crafted cocktails, and the overall ambiance of the lounge. With a dimly-lit shotgun-style bar, booth and cocktail table seating, and unbelievable attention paid to the details of the decor, Green Lady Lounge creates an atmosphere that truly makes you feel like you've stepped back in time. And no cover charge makes it that much better! Just make sure you get there early on Friday and Saturday nights if you want a good seat. My only complaint is the one-holer bathrooms in the back of the bar, which can get backed up on busy nights.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2014,11/20/2014,153,77,2,6,5>A-First off, kudos for the tastiest and most unique sauce in town....Went to Slap's BBQ today at 11:50 and there was no line whatsoever. Ten minutes later it was out the door and around the corner. Come right near the end of a lunch shift and you can order and be eating in 5 minutes.Best ribs I've had in KC (aside from Guy and Mae's Tavern).Second best Burnt Ends.Third best beans. Fries are pretty terrible here. Best fountain coke though. Good job!Service is top notch. Served by the owners, rung up by their mom (sweet lady).Couldn't finish the four ribs and burnt ends dinner ($14 btw, not including drink). Can't wait to go back. Their turkey looked really good.Go to Slap's, friends!
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2014,11/19/2014,52,63,3,5,4>I had the La Rumbera arepa, potato/queso/egg empanada, and an order of sweet plantain. The La Rumbera was like a little house party in my mouth!  It was full of flavor and cooked beautifully.  The plantains were cooked to perfection and wonderfully sweet.The Man had the nacho magnus with shredded chicken, which was large and in charge!  I ate several bites off of his plate and really enjoyed the flavor of the chicken.  He also had the stuffed jalapeño with ground beef. It was interesting...good but probably not something I would order on my own.  I expected a jalapeño filled with cheese and meat but got something more like a jalapeño with meat in a pancake. It may have been a case of my mouth and brain being ready for one thing and the rude awakening of getting another.The green sauce was my fav but I also enjoyed mixing all 3 of them - as others have pointed out.I will be back...often!
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2014,11/18/2014,664,612,1,8,8>I stopped here to pick up some groceries this afternoon and I was pleasantly surprised at the size of this market.  There is a free loyalty program called Bonus Card that gives 5% off purchases over $10.  Once you earn $10 in bonuses, you get some sort of reward.  I think I should have paid more attention, but rewards "for free" are great (different from paying for a membership to get 5% off like at International Marketplace in Vegas).The store is divided into 3 sections.  Upon entering on the right, there are mainly teas, refrigerated goods, desserts, and drinks.  Some banchan was for sale including what looked like house-made kimchi.  I saw a lot of Japanese ingredients in the store, which was great considering it is primarily a Korean market.  For the first time, I found sudachi juice!In the middle section of the store was a huge number of aisles featuring noodles, sauces, oils, dry goods, spices, sauces, furikake and snacks.  These were organized primarily by country.  There was a Filipino section, Japanese, Korean, and Vietnamese.  Also, there were several frozen cases in this area, including lots of seafood, dumplings, and sweets.  This section also had fresh produce.The final section to the left had kitchenware.  There was a significant number of Asian-style serveware, cookware, and kitchen tools.  I think I had most of the tools.  There were clay pots, bento boxes, and everything else you could imagine.  The cashier was very friendly and seemed to recognize some regular customers.  I was able to find mentaiko here which is awesome, along with thinly shredded strips of fried tofu in the frozen section.  This is a great place to get Asian ingredients.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2014,11/17/2014,26,41,4,5,4>My experience with The Brick really only revolves around Brickfast and I'm perfectly OK with that. What is Brickfast, you ask? (Even if you didn't ask, I'll still discuss). Brickfast is only the best option to cure your Saturday morning hangover. Biscuits and gravy. ALL the buscuits and gravy. For $4. Maple gravy, spicy chorizo gravy, regular gravy, and even vegetarian gravy. It's all there with biscuits to enjoy in an unlimited fashion until your stomach hurts so bad, you've forgotten about your hangover. There's also $1 Bloody Mary's and $2 Mimosas and other drinks they offer up in the morning as well. For $10, I can basically ensure a restless three hour nap after I get home.The Brick also has, you know, non-biscuit and gravy food too, but I've never tried it. My Brickfast cohorts, do, however, enjoy all the other menu items. There's also live music that happens regularly at The Brick, but I've never ventured in there after the sun has gone down. I'm too busy working on a hangover for Brickfast to cure by that point in the evening.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2014,11/16/2014,151,400,2,4,4>Saturday evening, pizza on my mind, and wanting somewhere new to try. Yeah, my favorite pizza is just down the street at River Market (Cafe Al Dente) but let's give this place a shot.  Dive bar? I can't argue with you.  It was a bit strange to feel both overdressed and underdressed at  the same time, but it depended on what group of people you were standing/sitting near.One of my favorite things was the fact that the owner, YES, the OWNER was working his tail off, alongside the servers, to make sure people were satisfied. We were able to grab a minute of his time, and he was more than happy to talk to us. He was clearing tables, rearranging chairs.........awesome stuff.Service was pretty good; although it took a bit longer to get our breadsticks (YUMMMMMMM!!!!!) she kept us informed of the delay and apologized for it.  The pizza was pretty good. It's not like I'm used to, but I still liked it. LOOOOVED the thin crust! LOOOOVED the sweet sauce, too (we kept what was left from our breadsticks to dip our pizza in).Looks like they have some good specials throughout the week.  There is a large patio with a high privacy fence that we'd like to try.  There is a pool table too for your entertainment, along with numerous TVs for your sports viewing pleasure.  Great music playing (80s!!!).Joe was great to meet, the server was good, and the price was about average: $19 for a small pizza, a beer and a mixed drink. (Bread was comped.)
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2014,11/15/2014,86,112,2,7,2>I was unsure when BBS first opened how well it was going to do...the store was sparse and unfinished, and my first few trips in I was always the only customer.I'm glad to report that this place "cuts the mustard." Centrally located. Knowledgable, friendly people. Quality, selection, and variety are top notch.I've bought slab bacon here, dry aged rib-eyes, and incredibly fresh and rare fish that is hard to find where we live. They have a freezer section, cheeses, seafood, offal, soup bones, cured meat, and a section for cook/grill-master accessories.All this alone would warrant five stars. Then there's the daily sandwich(es). They're constantly changing and reasonably priced for the size and quality.Follow these guys on Facebook. They post their new items and daily eats in the feed.Welcome with a bang, Broadway Butcher Shop. You're a new Midtown staple for me.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2014,11/14/2014,159,346,5,12,7>It isn't often I leave a restaurant and want to immediately return.  This is how I felt after dining at Novel.  From start to the finish Novel never wavered under 5 stars.We were early for our dinner but were seated quickly upstairs...up the incredibly steep stairs.  The little dining room we were in is cozy. Because of the closeness we were able to get a peek at the neighboring table's food which was helpful with my choices.  Our server wasn't in our face but definitely was on top of her game.  She didn't leave us hanging when our bottle of water was nearing empty or checking in on us. I had the smoked sardine as my appetizer.  I'm not a fan of my fish looking up at me so if you aren't either; you should hide the head under something like I did.  Beyond that, the dish was amazing.  It's absolutely filled with flavor.  The sour cherries complimented the saltiness of the sardines really well.  This hits it for the people who crave salt and sweet combinations.For dinner I chose the Duroc Pork Chop.  The chop is huge!  Like Fred Flintstone huge.  Who cares though when it's so good and overall perfect.  I was asked if I like spicy food because the overall dish is spicy and I said yes bring it on.  It was spicy but not overwhelmingly so.  The pork belly and bok choy mix well together. I could have had a plate of just those two. We did have the cauliflower as the side. Again, amazing.  My husband loathes cauliflower but enjoyed this dish.  It is prepared with pickled cherries and some walnuts too.  It went really well with my entree.After all of that I couldn't think of dessert...darn it!  I will have to go back and split an entree so I can try a dessert.I have to say this was one of my favorite dinners out in KC.  I can't wait to go back.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2014,11/13/2014,36,204,5,4,2>Considered quitting my job and begging to work here in the kitchens(for free) so that I too could make street tacos this good.   Seriously.   On the drive home the husband confessed he had similar thoughts.  Carne Asada perfection.  The line is long, but goes pretty quickly, and most people get their order to go.  You can stick around as there are some tables, but I don't' recommend it.  Why?  You basically become eye candy for all those standing in line!  And I don't mean you personally, I mean your food.  Imagine 20 hungry people salivating as they watch you take your next bite.... awkward! Here's a hot tip.  Their tacos are on special on Tuesdays and Friday.Here's another hot tip.  If you have a large appetite order the Carne Platter with the Carne Asada., They will LOAD up a to go box with meat, rice and beans and you still get tortillas, fold your own tacos, it's a great value!Grab a slice of Flan from the cold case near the register and POOF!  Date night at home with all the trimmings.  Enjoy!
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2014,11/12/2014,530,119,6,8,6>"Dude, have you heard? There's a place we hear may be better than El Pollo Rey.""No way, not better than THE KING OF CHICKEN?!  How can that even be?"And with that, we drove into the depths of KCK, up 18th St, past the legendary retro location of Fritz's, to the corner of Minnesota where the streets are all whacky criss-crossed by that "storage place" with the really phallic sign."Oh, it's right next to the Ice Cream place?  Let's see about this..."  And, like the Ice Cream place, El Pollo Alegre (in name and outdoor signage) certainly looks like a fun place!Inside, it's simple : Some tables, chairs, pop cooler, a TV playing the Tejano videos that are a fun soundtrack to the meal...everything you'd expect.But holy smokes, we really didn't expect it to be better than El Pollo Rey?!"Well, maybe just different.  Look at these sides!"So, the differences : - Pickled Onions are brighter pink, and crunchier- Rice is brighter orange and less oily- Salsa is a delicious and fresh Verde vs. the Rey's orange- They have coleslaw instead of beans- And, the chicken...it's not as charred, and without the intensity of that charring, the seasoning comes out more strongly.Sooooooo Gooooooooooooood."But, is it BETTER...?"You should find out for yourself.  It's absolutely worth the trip.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2014,11/11/2014,150,498,7,8,4>Funky Town rates a solid four and a half stars, so I'm rounding up.  This wonderfully weird club is a study in retro oddball scenes.  All ages, no joke.  You'll see 21s mingling with the AARP set.  It's also gotten a reputation as a swinger's hangout... so expect a friendly crowd (although nothing untoward will occur publicly, they're pretty tight on the security, so no one's gonna grope ya on the dance floor)Music mix is about 80% 70s-era disco, 20% newer pop/dance.  No one cares if you can't quite tear up the dance floor the way you used to before your arthritic knee, so get out there with the rest of the crowd & get down.  The place goes nuts when they play "Car Wash" and "Funkytown," natch.  There always seems to be a birthday party with a middle-aged woman in a tiara, or a bachelorette party, taking over the dance cage.Cover is pretty minimal -- $8 at this writing, which is dirt cheap for a no-drink-minimum club -- and the drinks are actually HUGE.  They serve cocktails in plastic poolside tumblers, rather than those tiny disposable cups.If you can't have fun here, you need to take the stick out.  Get down with your bad self!
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2014,11/10/2014,39,31,7,5,4>My good friend had just moved into her new home so I thought to myself, can there be a better housewarming gift than sausage? Who doesn't love sausages?I had heard tales of this magical place but had never been there and was somewhat in the neighborhood so I thought I'd stop by. I'm so happy that I did.I was a total newbie so I watched a few people order and then talked to the staff. I honestly didn't realize how many different types of sausages there are. They have a nice selection and are more than willing to walk you through the selection process. I ended up with the BBQ sausage for my friend and myself plus I bought some breakfast sausage for my home. Sorry nameless friend, none for you. They were both delicious. I really enjoyed the BBQ sausage to the fullest. I plan to get back down there to get more before the holiday. I am most definitely a fan and will be back.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,11/9/2014,87,56,4,6,4>Dear Chipotle, Sorry to tell you this, but we are breaking up. Found someone better, Tortilla Ranch has the seafood bowl I've been waiting forever and a day for you to provide me! #GoodbyeChipotle this New Mexican Grill on the block has stolen my belly's heart!I haven't been this compelled to write such a glowing review for a restaurant in a while! I didn't know what to expect when I walked in. It looked like a knock off of Chipotle but man do they nail their Mexican grill entrees down to perfection!I, of course, had to order the rice bowl since that's what I always get at Chipotle or Freebirds. My only gripe was that they don't have brown rice. (There goes it being semi healthy lol but TBH the ingredients definitely tasted fresh!) Any who I almost jumped for joy when I saw shrimp and fish as part of their menu! It was about a $3 up charge to have both fish and shrimp on the rice bowl which I gladly paid for! Omg plus they didn't charge me extra for the guac on top! They had the standard ingredients like rice, lettuce, corn.....BUT their pico de gallo and the sweet&spicy sauce was on point! I could eat anything with the sauce on top all day! Any who...I didn't want to get my hopes up for the seafood since this was still a fast food joint type of place.....BUT! My goodness was that white fish good. I can come here everyday during lent season LOL. The shrimp was pretty good too! I was just obsessed with the seasoning of the fish with the sweet&spicy sauce on top! DELICIOUS!My partner in crime got the fire roasted chicken burrito! That was bomb since it had the sweet and spicy sauce on top! Lol it was so good that I asked for a small cup so that I got to drench every morsel with it!We couldn't resist the chips and warm salsa! Ugh my mouth still waters thinking bout it while writing this review.The staff there were excellent! They were very nice and accommodating. The place was clean and liked the industrial design type vibe from it. Can't wait to come back and try the other meat and dessert! Plus I want to try the horchata next time since they ran out today :(Happy Eating!
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,11/8/2014,16,120,4,4,5>Yep that's the sushi and sashimi boat for two ($50)!  My wife and I learned a while ago that when we go for sushi we go big or go home so we almost always get a boat because that is how we roll!  Everything on our raw fish vessel was fresh and beautifully prepared.  We had a great mix of sashimi, sushi and rolls.  We were impressed with how quick our order showed up at our table but yet the presentation was great.  Tasted as good as it looked!We will be back here again and I can't wait!
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,11/7/2014,21,101,2,5,7>Brought home kitty number 3.This was our second visit to this shelter. Our first time was a couple of years ago, when I accompanied my grams to adopt her two little black kittens. We were so impressed by the facility that it was a no brainer to return when we were ready for another feline.The shelter is pretty hidden, lots of acreage surrounding the place, which creates a peaceful and serene persona. A staff member greeted us at the front door when we arrived and other staff readily asked us if they could assist us. When we got to the kitty kennel section, there were even more staff to help us find a little boy in an all  female kitty household. They were super attentive to our needs and knowledgeable on all of the newly arrived kittens. My partner picked out a little Siamese Tabby, and only 2 months old. A baby!For only $120, Henry came neutered, and up to date with his booster shots. We love him so much already...
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,11/6/2014,202,441,5,7,8>Buttermilk Chicken. If I could just leave this review at 2 words, those are the only 2 words that you need to know: Buttermilk Chicken. My friends and I enjoyed every aspect of Thomas, from the food to the patio to the service. I can't stop raving about that scrumptious buttermilk chicken. Their patio is on the rooftop, giving you an absolutely gorgeous view of the city. The waitress was willing to take our group picture and also talked about the buttermilk chicken in high regards.With a Groupon deal and excellent atmosphere, you absolutely must check out Thomas!
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,11/5/2014,86,438,1,4,5>Hands down my favorite specialized running store in KC. The staff here is super friendly and they are all runners as well. They do offer fittings and have a treadmill to watch you run on so that they can analyze your stride and how your feet strike the ground. They have a wide variety of in-stock shoes, but can also order any size and color that you need as well. They also have a basic assortment of clothing, nutrition and other running gear. They host a few races each year and have group runs every week. If you go to the website, there is a sign-up to get on the group run email list. The best one they offer is a group run at 6pm the first Tuesday of the month at Cinder Block Brewery :)
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,11/4/2014,247,223,1,5,3>This wine bar and restaurant has many things going for it:1. Although parking in the Crossroads/Downtown area can be difficult, this restaurant has its own parking lot next door.  2. The wine list is outstanding.  3. During the happy hour before 6 pm, all wines by the glass are 25% off, and all starters (appetizers) are half price.  4. The food is very good, and the chef is willing to accommodate requested changes in preparations.  5. The service is excellent.  6. The very attractive dining room has many kinds of seating choices, including four large oval booths at the rear.  7. The sound system is a good one, with well selected jazz playing on it.The only disappointment for us was that the menu included only one seafood entree (trout).  As pescatarians, the one fish choice will limit how frequently we'll be motivated to return.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2014,11/3/2014,366,998,1,8,6>This place was hidden and not exactly off of a main road.  It was the same building as where KC Smoke Shack BBQ used to be (for those that went there) and for the most part, the interior was still the same along with the tables and chairs.  El Burrito Loco Mexican Cafe came to mind when my coworkers wanted to eat lunch anywhere.  I knew about this place for a few months but just never came out to try this place.  There was street parking so it would be best to carpool if possible as the street parking can be limited.  However, when we arrived on a Friday at 12:30pm on a gloomy day, we didn't have any problem finding parking just outside of the restaurant.There were a few people eating lunch here and it wasn't really busy.  The waitress told us to pick a table so we did and she gave us the menu.  The menu was simple and had a variety of choices (even two BBQ plates though personally I was skeptical because the name of the restaurant had burrito in it... just sayin').  Our waitress said their burritos and enchiladas were good.  I had my mind set on a burrito ($2.99 for a small, $5.99 for a medium, and $7.99 for a large) so I ordered a large asada burrito.  I don't know the difference between a small and large with such a price difference.  It was 75 cents for each extra toppings like lettuce, tomatoes, onions, bell peppers, sour cream, cheese, and bacon.We got free chips and salsa while we were looking over the menu.  The chips were not bad and the salsa tasted fresh to me.  We waited a few minutes and all of our food came out at the same time.  The large burrito was pretty big so I don't know how a small would compare in size.  It was the type of burrito where it would be better to use a fork and knife to eat versus using your hands.  Sorry for the crappy pictures as they were taken with my phone.  The asada was good and everything went together well in my opinion.  Each table had three difference hot sauces: Cholula Hot Sauce, Tapatio Hot Sauce, and Valentina Mexican Hot Sauce.  I tried the Valentina Mexican Hot Sauce with some of my burrito and it was good.  It tasted quite similar to the Tapatio Hot Sauce but not as spicy (at least to me).  I ate at a slow pace so I was full (not food coma full) when I finished the burrito.The staff were nice and came to check up on us a couple times.  We paid our checks from our table and were on our way back to work.  Your clothes will smell afterwards so just a FYI if you care about that.I'll need to come back to try other things on the menu.  Great place for inexpensive food!
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,11/2/2014,421,655,5,12,9>This is the one thing you can do several times a year which guarantees you are helping save a life. We like to use the word hero to describe people who in a selfless way take action to literally take others out of harms way. In under an hour you can be this hero to a child in surgery, someone's mother in a car wreck or someone's brother with a bleeding disorder.First on the Community Blood Center, they are super great at their job. They are friendly, courteous and kind. Heck they are already one quarter of the Scout Law so you know they are good people. The process is simple you can set an appointment or you can walk in. If the city is running low on your blood type they may give a call to have you come in if you can. It is always friend and no pressure. You check in and you take a short health survey. Afterward you get some juice and relax a bit before you give your blood. The whole blood giving process is about 15 min or so. It is a little longer if elect to spin out platelets or other blood components and give two units on a machine. I have never once felt the stick.After you are done you rest another ten minutes or so. You get cookies and juice, sometimes pie or some other nice treat. Many times you will get some other lil item as a small token of thanks and be entered into drawings for bigger prizes. I've gotten tickets to various local professional sports teams. Everyone always seems happy when they are heading out. Of course you get a hug me I gave blood today sticker, which I know is what most really want.Some tips if you have never given:- Up your fluids- Do not go to the gym prior or just after- Have a meal earlier in the day- Don't go if you are under the weather- Let the folks know how you are feeling, they will take care of you if you feel anxious or clammy or anything else- Relax it truly is not a big dealSo be someone's hero, truly make a difference for someone's literal life.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2014,11/1/2014,29,29,1,5,4>I came hiking here on a Wednesday afternoon. We actually drove past it, not sure where to turn - note, you have to turn into the driveway where the Health Department is and drive down that road. It was very nice, very peaceful, and great to just be outdoors. The Whitetail Trail is the longest, and also had a few big hills. While not that challenging for the casual (read: slow) hiker, like myself, I saw some people running the trail and I can imagine that would be a much bigger challenge for someone trying to get a real workout in. We ended up going around the Whitetail and Old Kate trails, to get a longer hike in. The Old Kate trail has a big shelter with a fireplace available for reservation (what I think is the Jeannette Robbins Meeting Place on the trail map). It's bigger than I thought it would be!The overlook doesn't really overlook a whole lot, but it's a nice spot to sit and look out over the nearby trees anyway. We tried to see the water on the map, but maybe the growth blocked our view. The waterfall was pretty neat. Not huge, but it's pretty. We hiked up the hill to see how far it went, and took a little longer getting back down. Some people were climbing down right down the center of the water, which seemed like a terrible idea - the whole area was slippery rock. Sooo, maybe don't do that when you go. :) Although they don't allow dogs, I think I'd definitely come back here. It was a great little walk through nature and could be a great spot for a picnic.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2014,10/31/2014,292,268,5,5,5>I'm as giddy as can be about finally discovering the magic that is Musical Theater Heritage.  Be it a little late, they have been around for over 15 years, but now that they are on my radar, I couldn't be more excited.George Harter, the host of the nationally syndicated A Night on the Town radio series is the host of MTH.  He provides great knowledge and history into every show that I've seen.  MTH performs Broadway Musicals.  It's not the actual musical production, but a half circle of microphones accompanied by a live band and the songs are performed.  No acting of scenes etc, yet the singers are still quite dramatic.  (It is Broadway music after all.)  The performers and musicians are all top notch.  Amazing, actually.  Beyond the regular series, they offer Musical Mondays and I just saw the music of Wicked and was just as blown away.  It boggles my mind the amount of talented artist we have in our city.  I was starting to think that I'd seen a lot of performing art groups and was amazed at the amount of talent we had here in our little city, then I was exposed to this group and realized I am just now beginning to understand the amount of talent it is never ending.  This is an amazing group to check out.  It all happens at The Off Center Theater in Crown Center.  It's an intimate theater that is warm and inviting.  There is actually a stack of blankets offered to the audience in case you get too cold, that's how warm, inviting and intimate this theater is.  (Or maybe we have matinee tickets along with every senior citizen in town...)  If you are looking to discover something new (if you are like me and never even heard of MTH) and want to be blown away by local talent, please check out Musical Theater Heritage.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,10/30/2014,144,123,1,5,4>Even if you bring your worst enemy with you the Kauffman is going to be awesome. The building is magnificent and the audio quality is so good you wont even realize their is an audio system. Drink prices are on par, the place is fancier than most concert venues but I didn't feel like I had to sell my car to buy a couple beers. However you can't bring beverage into the auditorium and this is definately not a place to get drunk.The only critical observation I could make was that the audio for the first 1 or 2 songs was a bit under what I was expecting but if I had to guess its because it was the first few minutes with people in the room so they had a bit more tuning on the system before it was solid. After that it was amazing.If you have the chance to attend, do it!
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2014,10/29/2014,76,303,2,7,5>Yet another vegan food place in Kansas City??!? Yes, please!I'm thrilled that KC keeps getting more and more vegan places. The hubby and I eat mostly vegan at home and while we don't stick to a vegan diet away from home, it's nice to know that we can choose from a variety of great vegan restaurants in KC if we want to dine out and stick with our usual diet. Foodoo definitely helps to round out the bunch and it does it really well.Foodoo is near the Uptown and has a tiny little storefront and tiny little restaurant. The interior is small and the decor is interesting to look at while you're waiting for your food.  My hubby ordered a Big Kahuna burger and it was totally delish. I ordered the Broadway Burrito which was the perfect mix of spices, potatoes (love the purple ones!), peppers, onions and....get this...homemade jalapeno jam! People, listen to me closely when I tell you this: You have not lived until you have had jalapeno jam! This stuff was like crack. My hubby doesn't like spicy stuff, so I ate his and mine and I would have eaten a vat of it if they'd given it to me. For dessert, we split an incredibly sinful peach crumble a la mode.The service was great. I'm pretty sure our server was one of the proprietors of the restaurant and she was definitely knowledgeable about the food. If I had one suggestion for this restaurant, it would be to please be cognizant of the cologne. Patrons want to be tantalized by the smell of the food, not overwhelmed by the smell of cologne.All in all, a great addition to the KC vegan scene. We will definitely be back!
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,10/28/2014,25,31,5,9,7>Dallas! You da man! Dallas is a fantastic server. When we went, he seemingly served over half of the restaurant, and still had time to be funny, friendly and knowledgeable with us. The serving staff here has awesome technology strapped to their waists, handheld electronic tablets that send your order to the kitchen or bar as you're ordering, and more. I felt like we were in a real city with modern technology or something. Amazing. The space itself? A huge improvement over the last tenant (Velvet Dog). They did a great job renovating the space and making it modern and classy.The food was pretty good, too. We already had dinner before we came out, so we just shared an appetizer. I wish I had a full meal so that I could go into detail, but the little I had was pretty great.This place is already in my top 10 favorite spots in KC, and I've only been once. Can't wait to go back. Highly recommended.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2014,10/27/2014,109,117,30,60,16>Yes. I love this place. Been a few times, twice for brunch, once for dinner. I prefer brunch, BUT I am a huge huge fan of brunch and may be biasedThe custom cocktails are fun and delicious I tried the green Maria with the korean ramen. Ramen needed a hint of citrus. Perfect complements to each other. I've had the pozole as well and it was slightly nostalgic, reminded me of moms. Though I would prefer that the yolk of the egg be runny - it would just kick it up a notch! Also needs a hint of citrus, squeeze of lime! Yes, I paired it with the Michelada.DUH!!!! For dinner we had an array of small plates, all very good, and while that was fun I still much prefer having my own plate and trying a bit of a friends.The only thing stopping me from giving this place 5 stars is that I don't think the service was that attentive. They weren't awful but for the type of place it is and the reputation they are trying to maintain I expected more from my server. I love the industrial bulbs, the bistro tables, adorable bathroom, dark woods, speak easy feel. Great place, really. Before I forget, can someone tell me what the hell is up with the tiny ass water glasses everywhere!?!?! I need some ice and a large glass I DRINK LOTS OF WATER!
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,10/26/2014,56,75,3,5,3>Did you know this place has "Kronutz?"  Because they do, and they're delicious.  After reading about them in the Pitch, my husband and I decided to journey out to Raytown to check them out.   WORTH IT!  We were able to eat fresh warm "Kronutz" and I think I had an existential experience.  I now understand the whole hype behind the "cronut."  The sweet flaky warm layers of this pastry will bring joy into your heart and tears to your eyes.  We were able to purchase one of each of their six flavors.   Out of all of them, I honestly prefer just a plain "Kronut," but all of the other flavors were phenomenal too.  The cherry one tasted like a mini-cherry pie.   Edible Creations is a bakery that sells many other traditional items, like cupcakes, cinnamon rolls, etc.  Honestly, if they can make "Kronut" that will blow your mind, I'm sure their other products will too.   I'm sure I'll be back for more.  In the meantime,  it is totally worth the trip out to Raytown to check out this humble little shop,
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,10/25/2014,33,25,3,4,3>This spot is such a random hidden away gem of a restaurant. Off 133rd and Holmes, it's in a location that I wouldn't have thought most people would know. The wait times on any given week day all the way through the dinner hour would otherwise prove my assumption wrong. This place is *always* packed and thats usually pretty indicative of a successful restaurant. After all, it's hard to routinely pack people in if you're doing something wrong. Anyway, on to the review!We sat, we were provided with chips and salsa(delicious!) immediately. We did wait however, for about 10 minutes to order drinks - including waters. When I'm starving and someone puts chips and salsa in front of me, the chips and salsa do not have a prayer. Not having a glass of water available though was a big bummer after we plowed through the first bowl of chips though.Drinks were at last order and waters arrived quickly. Margaritas (the presidential variety) took yet another 10 minutes or so to arrive. I'm not sure if the bar was just overloaded or if they have to ship these margaritas in from out of state but anytime I've come here it's always been a long wait to get these. The fact that theyre delicious really makes up for the wait time but Dos could stand to work out timing here. After you finish your first one though, the wait for the second is far more tolerable due to how boozy these are. Definitely a drink to set the mind right.Queso Fundido. Melted cheese in a mini skillet. Whats not to like? This stuff arrives at your table still on fire. Not necessarily crucial to the dish, but who doesn't like a little flair. I ordered the C5 (on the reverse side of the menu) and it has served as my go-to order on the last two occasions I've gone here. It comes with a single hard taco, a mini chimichanga and a chili relleno. Sometimes tex-mex has a tendency to sort of melt into one large "thing" on your plate and visually, this does. From a taste perspective though, each item stands out as mouth-wateringly delicious. The chili is cooked perfectly with a crispy exterior and soft flavorful interior. The taco is a taco. Totally meets expectations. The mini-chimi was the right balance of crispy and melty and richly flavored.Simply put, if you're in the mood for some neighborhood tex-mex, you can't go wrong. Just give them a little patience when it comes to cooking up your alcoholic beverage options.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2014,10/24/2014,33,212,1,5,3>We headed to the Belfry for a drink and bite. We had read about the opening of the Belfry and The Collection, both owned by chef Celine Tio. We had decided before arriving to just do the bar and keep things casual. On a Friday evening at 8:30 there was not a sole in The Collection; not a good sign for that part of the venue. The Collection and the Belfry share the same location, but are two very distinct and separate venues. The Belfry had a small crowd that was a mix of young and not so young,  we fit right in! I was surprised at the size of the place (a bar and a few high top tables), but I really liked the feel of the space. Straight forward decor, nothing fancy just the current trend of natural wood and metal. We took a seat at the bar and enjoyed a great conversation with the bartender learning about the plans for the Belfry to add a brewery in the basement! They had a great beer selection and the bartender was nice enough to offer a wine that was on the menu at The Collection for me to enjoy (the wine list at the Belfry was pretty limited). We both ordered burgers and split a salad (bar menu is simple, but very enticing). Everything was excellent - the food, the service and the atmosphere. I hope this place makes it, it's just what the area needs.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,10/23/2014,151,486,1,5,2>After stopping at two other restaurants trying to get in to eat, we wound up at Beer Kitchen.  There was a 30 min wait, but they will text you when your table is getting close, so you don't have to stay right there and wait.  We stopped in for brunch and were blown away by the quality of food. Honestly, I was most intrigued about the wake and bacon bloody mary (which was fantastic too). How can you go wrong with bacon in a bloody mary? I had the bread pudding french toast and my better half had the chicken and waffles.  The french toast was amazing.  The chicken and waffles were great too, but with only one piece of chicken, it would be nice if they would've added at least another piece to it.  The waitress was nice and attentive. We will most definitely be back.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2014,10/22/2014,24,180,2,8,4>You are most likely to find me eating my lunch at my desk during the work week, so the fact that I went to The Burnt End twice in the same week is pretty notable. I ended up having the bowls both times, to maximize the number of things I was trying. Therefore, I can vouch for the goodness of the pulled pork, burnt ends, brisket and sausage. The beans and "hot potato salad" (really more like a loaded scalloped potato thing) and cornbread are all excellent.On one occasion they mixed up my sides. When I said something, I expected they would take the incorrect side away, but they insisted on bringing out what I had ordered and leaving what they put on by accident. So it's weird to rave about service at a place where you order at the counter, but they do a good job.I don't know, it seems like a barbeque place pops up on every corner in KC, and while this one may be a little more corporate than some of the greats, it's for sure worth a visit.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2014,10/21/2014,28,134,1,5,2>This kind of coffee shop has a perfect location down in the crossroads. I was super excited to go there this weekend after reading the reviews on here. You mean I can get coffee, alcohol, and a poptart at the same time? Sadly we didn't get any alcohol but I will get to that. First, the coffee. Awesomely excellent. Since it was warm out I just went with the cold brew and was glad to see that they had cold coffee already and not trying to just add ice to warm coffee. I couldn't decide what delicious pastry to get so I got 2. First, a blueberry corn muffin that had the perfect amount of sweetness and was not skimpy on those blue berries. Second, a peach "poptart". I initially was skeptical since I'm generally not a fan of peach. But I'm real glad I gave it a chance. The pastry was flaky and the filling was perfect (I do wish there had been a bit more filling). So after the gf and I drank our coffee and ate the pastries on a nice big couch upstairs we decided that 930am was the perfect time to start drinking. So we sauntered down to the bar and asked if they had a drink menu. The coffee-tender gave us a menu but then said that we should really come back in the evening when they had actual bartenders who make the drinks the best. As he put it, "I only know the basic drinks right now". After he gave us the menu he just walked off. We debated for a hot minute about what to do. Do we press him to make a fun drink? Order vodka on the rocks? We ended up just leaving. They didn't seem too keen on wanting to make us a drink and seemed shocked that people drink at 930am. I think had we gotten some alcohol I would have given this place 5 stars. I work downtown and could definitly see myself stopping in for coffee some mornings on my way to work.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,10/20/2014,65,81,1,14,6>I saw the reviews for this place and was a little nervous but I wanted to check it out for myself. My boyfriend and I came here just wanting to check out the animal shelters in Kansas City. We were greeted at the door being asked what we were looking for today. We told them smaller dogs that got along with dogs & cats. They immediately brought us to a room and said they would bring out animals that fit our needs. I really enjoyed that aspect since they want you to interact with every animal not just pick on looks. We saw a bunch of dogs and they were all so great. We got to play with them outside and take them on walks. Also see how they interacted with dogs & cats so we could witness ourself. After being here for 3 hours..... We left with a 1 year old corgi mix!!! We have had him for almost a week and we are so in love. We were given all of his paperwork, medical records, shot records, & microchip information. I really wish they had a bigger facility! It gets really crowded in there. Luckily we came right when it opened but when we left it was packed!! They always have puppies & kittens. What I loved was that YOU pick your adoption fee. Obviously it has to be reasonable but it all goes towards donations. Stop by to check it out! I left with a new furry friend.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,10/19/2014,64,41,6,5,3>GUYS GUYS GUYS LISTEN TO ME!I love this place, I really do. I've only been twice, but I want to kiss every single one of the bartenders on the mouth and then drink beer with them and then play board games. Seriously, excellent craft beers that come in MULTIPLE SIZES, even SAMPLE SIZES in 4oz for like $1.25 each. How awesome? Oh wait, also the staff is so sweet and accommodating and help you pick out beers to try. A knowledgeable staff! Both times I've gone, they have chosen beers for me that I enjoyed. AND to top it all off, (not including the bad ass patio/roof patio that I have not been on yet) they have fucking board games to play while you're drinking! Pretty sure you could bring your own. I'm definitely going back and will always go back until I die. There's food there, too.Ohmg, and I forgot the bottle shop! haha I don't know how! You can buy bottles to go or you can buy them to drink them there. I love that so much. You have no idea.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2014,10/18/2014,62,87,2,4,3>8th Street is still a dark place to drink, but it's not as dark as it once was.Once you have at least decade in a town under your belt, I feel that you have fair license to play the nostalgia game of "this is how it used to be".  8th Street Taproom has received a facelift in the past couple of years but it still retains some of the charm that makes it a place on my Lawrence bar rotation.  8th Street Taproom, surprisingly enough, is on 8th Street, on the corner with New Hampshire.  The immediate area has skewed upscale over the last ten years, with Pachamama's move to the building across the street to the East, the catacorner once-vacant lot adjacent to the now-vacant Borders location now features a multi-story building with condos, and the small set of shops across the street to the North is now re-vamped into the "World Headquarters" for their neighbor The Sandbar's sub shop. In one sense, 8th Street scaled-up with the times, adding large windows to the external walls and a sidewalk seating area.Inside, 8th Street retains many elements it has had for years.  First, it's dark - the walls are painted black, and the lighting is fairly dim.  There are some brighter lights by the pool table and a particularly aggressive beer sign near the front door, but otherwise it is dim. For a long time in the past there was an odd patch of dark paint on the ceiling that would invariably lead to speculation of whether the spot was a shadow, and the level of light didn't help to clarify.  Second, the atmosphere is laid back and cozy - the area of the main floor is only a couple hundred square feet, featuring a handful of stools at the bar, a couple of booths, and some folding stadium chairs near the pool table.  There is no jukebox - the bartender has a record player and a selection of quality records that provide ambiance.  The bathroom is a large and unisex, but is single-serve.  In the past it had featured graffiti and artwork of former Lawrence artist Travis Millard, but is now completely covered in a dark gray tile that makes it look like the Holodeck from Star Trek: The Next Generation.In addition to the main level of the bar, the Taproom has a downstairs area that is opened on weekends and when there are shows.  It's a low-ceilinged area with some tables and booths, and an area that is an ersatz dancefloor.  The downstairs does feature separate men's and women's bathrooms, but they are shockingly small.  The downstairs has a jukebox (apparently only the upstairs bartender is worthy of the power of a turntable and record selection), and since the downstairs is below street level, the outside steps are frequently used as an intimate smoking area (but since it is no fenced, no drinks outside).  I've heard the rumor that the downstairs bar used to be a minority bar in the past when segregation was an issue.Oddly, despite the name, the Taproom has ~6 taps, putting it on the lower-end of the number of taps compared to other local establishments.  I'm not sure how often they change, but I did note on my last visit that they did seem to be quality selections, including a Lagunitas IPA.  Beyond the taps, Taproom features a refrigerator full of cans and bottles, and has a full bar for cocktails, though you are getting the pour and fizzy-gun type instead of the big-show artisanal-type.Even with the changes in the immediate area, I still like drinking at 8th Street Taproom.----I misremebered the internals -- the aggressive beer sign by the door is no longer there.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2014,10/17/2014,238,295,2,6,4>How could you not love this place? This is the best of both worlds, dining at home, where you choose the ingredients you love, and  eating out, where someone else cooks, and does the dishes.For one price you can fill your bowl with all the fabulous, ingredients you want. There are  three, distinctly different stations. The first one, is stocked with mounds of fresh, colorful, crunchy vegetables, fruits, legumes.herbs, and nuts. There is  an assortment of  meats and seafood in the next station, as well as and assortment of noodles to enable you to build the perfect stir fry. There is a small up charge for meat and seafood. So...if you're a vegetarian...winner, winner! The last station is filled with a medley of sauces and ingredients to assist you in composing your masterpiece. Sweet, sour, salty, or hot. You don't even have to feel pressured to come up with flavor profiles, they've provided you with recipes- mild, medium, hot, Kung Pao, Curry,sweet-and-sour, etc. when you have filled your bowl well beyond it intended capacity, hand it to the man with the sticks. Make sure you hand him an egg too...just cuz it's yummy! Tip the nice man and retrieve your long awaited feast!If you're the sort of person that would like rice with your meal, just ask your server. There are two other stations of note. There is a hot soup bar with egg drop and hot and sour soup. There is also  large bowl of crunch won tons. No portion control here. Dump 'em in! Last, but not least, there is a table with fried chicken wings, crab Rangoon, fruit slices, and a few tiny sweet treats. All in all, it's enough to make you walk out as full as a tick! If creating your own culinary concoction is not your thing...they do have a menu. There is also a lovely bar with interesting cocktail options. It may be tough to find that perfect parking spot out front, but don't despair , there is ample parking in the back, across from KU on State line.If you like Asian food, or perhaps you are just in search of a fun time for date night or family outing. This is just the ticket. Kids love picking out their own food and your man can stir fry up an entire bowl of meat or seafood, and go back for more! Nuf said! Make that man happy!
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2014,10/16/2014,41,102,4,5,5>Think of the four greatest things in the world. Go ahead. Take a moment. I'll wait.Ok let's review your answers. Bacon. Chocolate.Cookies. and Liquor.Now, take another moment to imagine all of those things thrown together. Prepare thyself, my friend. FOR IT EXISTS. I repeat. IT EXISTS. Behold - the Bourbon Bacon ChoCOLATE CHIP COOKIE. So I never would have imagined such a thing to exist, and if so I only would have assumed it would be mediocre at best. And quite frankly, I wasn't setting my standards too high when I walked in the door after my mom had mentioned it. But this place has taken the brave initiative to make it happen and my god have they succeeded. The shop had just sold the last of them right before we walked in the door, but the guy behind the counter asked if we'd like him to bake a couple for us and who were we to say no? I mean, it'd be rude to say no. Anyway, 15 minutes later, I'm sitting there staring at this surprisingly large, fresh-out-of-the-oven cookie in front of me, speechless. It was a chocolate chip cookie with a fat piece of bacon baked right on top and a generous dose of bourbon thrown into the mix somewhere. Wow. I mean. WOOOOOW. The cookie alone will have me coming back if not the interesting menu of build your own tamales and curious looking sandwiches. But even if quirky sandwiches and custom tamales aren't your schtick, at least pop in to try one of these devilish cookies. It'll probably break whatever diet you might be on, but it will be OH so worth it.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2014,10/15/2014,32,104,3,4,6>This new microbrewery has a great gravel patio complete with baggo (corn-hole) and a kids play house. Located in the Waldo neighborhood, it definitely comes off as family friendly, but let's be honest, you'll have more fun if you leave your kids with a baby-sitter. All of the beer is produced on site and is strictly German, which is good and bad--it allows you to try a whole host of beer styles that are hard to find elsewhere, but limits the options for people that are looking for a bier from anot'er mutter.One of the owners, the German one, is a fantastic host and passionate about his business. His hands on approach and guidance through the beer styles is exactly what is needed for first-timers. Food options are limited, but I can attest that the pretzels are tasty! The ambiance feels really new, which some would savor, but I feel lacks a bit of lived-in character. Hopefully as time goes by it will lose a bit of that sterile feeling.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2014,10/14/2014,83,68,3,4,5>Why did it take me 2 years to come back to this place?? I had a great first experience too! Had to take the fiance here as he is a big fan of trying out restaurants that have been featured on the Food Network Chanel.Stroud's is featured in a cute little country-style home with decors dating back from when it first opened. They are known for their originality of pan frying their chicken. Since I had been here once prior and also heard through the grape vine of how busy this place can get, we decided to go on a Saturday afternoon (before an awesome Royals game might I add) right when it opened at 2pm. Twas a good plan as we got seated within 5 minutes, and beat the rush coming in! I was a bit disappointed that we weren't seated in the bigger "living room" that overlooked the view, butttt we were seated pretty quick so I shouldn't complain, ha. We were greeted by a lovely waitress who got our order right away. We ordered some sweet tea (yum! was made just right!). Started off with a 1/2 order (more like huge order) of the mix fried gizzards and liver....that was more for my fiance. I keep to my leg and thigh, although I did have a few bites of the liver and it was quite delicious! He only ate about half as he wanted to save room for the main entree! The fiance ordered the 3 piece fried chicken with 2 legs and a thigh. I ordered the country fried steak and we both shared a family style mash potatoes & gravy, and green beans. The wait was a bit longer than your usual Apple Bee's or Chili's (roughly 30min) but definitely worth it! Their portions are HUGE! Our meal could have fed a family of 5, literally! I know my fiance can eat but this was on a different level of portions. I wouldn't recommend bringing a vegetarian here, ha! We were impress with our meal and now know for next time to share a dish! The chicken were so crispy and crunchy and came out steaming hot! The best part was probably the cinnamon rolls that comes with each entree! That totally topped our meal. Our waitress came out toward the end and we had to make some room for our already full stomachs. I always make room for some dessert, especially warm, just out of the oven cinnamon rolls!!Come on out to Stroud's and try the best fried chicken you'll ever taste! Definitely bring your family! This place is THE definition of a good home style cookin'! I
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,10/13/2014,94,63,2,5,4>Oh Niece's how you've turned yourself around since my last visit. I'm a big fan of diners and used to be a Niece's fan, but after a couple iffy experiences I sort of chose to go elsewhere. Well I'm happy to report that Niece's is back on the list. Went here on a Sunday afternoon before going to see a production of Rent at Rockhurst University. The place was jumping. All types of people dining, laughing and just having a ole' good time. The service was quick and efficient. We never had to ask our waitress for anything. It was like she was reading our minds. I had the pancake breakfast with crispy bacon and two scrambled eggs. The syrup was warm, the eggs were done just right, and oh did I mention the bacon was crispy. I hate soggy, fatty, greasy bacon. Niece's is featuring a seasonal peach tea, which was suggested by our waitress... it was delicious, even after eating pancakes with sweet maple syrup. To sum it up, this is a good place for tasty, quick eats with that old school diner feel, and great service. I didn't see anyone who appeared displeased with their food or service. We were able to make it to our show on time. Welcome back to my list of places to eat Niece's.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,10/12/2014,89,48,6,7,5>Bottom Line Up Front: The achari chicken dish is amazing! The mango smoothie and ice masala chai are very refreshing on a hot summer day. Great sauces. Samosas are fresh and awesome. This place is in the top 3 of my favorite restaurants in KC. I've been here once before and had a great experience. It has been two years since I've returned and they made some changes to the decor and added more tables. Before it looked like it had a small market inside, nowIt really looks like a restaurant. We got greeted at the counter by one of the waitresses who told us the daily special. Here, you look over the menu and once you're ready, you go up to the counter and order your food. We ordered the achari chicken, pakora curry,   Chicken Samosas, mango shake, and ice masala chai. It seems that they do not cook you're main dish until after you are almost done with your appetizers. So, it may take a bit longer then normal but your food isn't just sitting underneath a heating lamp. It is always fresh and hot off the stove. The samosas were great - nice crunch and flavorful chicken on the inside. I enjoyed the pakora curry, it was different from traditional red or yellow currys you see at Indian buffets. It had a tangy flavor to it which went really well with the chickpeas, naan, and the basmati rice. Initially I was a bit disappointed that I did not get the achari chicken but after a few bites, I loved it. My fiancé had the achari chicken which is my favorite dish here. The chicken was perfectly seasoned with spices and the sauce mixed with the rice was amazing! The three sauces they offer: yogurt base, tamarind base, and mint/chili base are addicting!The two drinks we got were very refreshing. The mango shake is the best you can get anywhere and the chai is made to order whether you want it sweet, notSweet or super sweet. They are great for the summer time, like when we were there and it was scorching outside. I really like that the owner is always running around waiting on tables and making sure everyone is having a great experience. Occasionally you'll even see his mom (I am assuming it's his mom) who I am sure is the head chef, walking around. All in all, chai shai is a hidden gem. My favorite Indian cuisine anywhere and we will be coming back for years to come! Definitely put this on your list if you call yourself a foodie.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2014,10/11/2014,13,417,5,,2>I'm barefoot. My socks are still in the dining room at Unforked. Because this place knocked them off. Everything. Here. Tastes. Awesome. I can't overstress this. This kitchen has a gift. This will be my 401st review on Yelp, and I can't think of a meal I have enjoyed more than the one I consumed here. Maybe one or two.  Certainly not one at this price point. Unforked is truly among the best there is. And I'm an old foodie. Who has eaten in a lot of places.  Around the world.  We were in a large group and we ordered a lot of different dishes. And they all rocked. Like young Elvis. Wow. And then...then, there was the barking pig taco. Food Armageddon. And deserts. The best there is in the universe also. I'm not kidding. Kiss my Bundt. Frozen custard (soft serve ice cream). Freshness. With fruits. Really, it was hard to find any dish or drink that we had that was flawed. So many things made us stop eating and stare the "holy crap this is delicious" stare. Even the goddamn cheese quesadilla. Even the fiery gazpacho. Even the fresh fruit smoothies. Especially the world class french fries.  Really. Overall vibe is casual. Bathroom is worthy of the very worthy kitchen. Even the serve yourself water involves a massive fresh fruit infusion which makes it fantastic. Come here. Open your mouth. Inhale.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,10/10/2014,182,452,4,6,7>I tend to evaluate great coffee on where I seem to end up most. If I'm in Kansas City you're likely to find me at Quay Coffee. In Lawrence, with its paint barely dry and the doors newly opened, Decade is starting to get most of my business, and unless something dramatic happens I don't see that changing in the future.They're pouring espressos, lattes and single pours that in my opinion are as good or better than can be found in the city limits. The owners have the right amount of experience and coffee geek in them that I'm confident the quality is here to stay. Exclusive Four Barrel Coffee from San Francisco as has been previously reported. What's to not like?What have I tried? The lattes, the macchiato, the press coffee both in-house and to go. Multiples of each. The espressos are rich, creamy, the creme just the right taste and mixed with whole milk from a local dairy you get a full rush of caffeine goodness mixed with the kick of the fat from the cow. Private Meg Ryan moments.The space: it's a small reclaimed warehouse with original beam flooring and supports, new drywall and lighting, plenty of window space and a patio that appears ready to host some tables. Gorgeous, plenty of room for single seating inside and a large table that was hosting some kind of neighborhood arts meeting this morning with probably a dozen folks. Lots of reclaimed wood has been built into door handles, bars for seating and other purposes. Very nicely designed and appropriate for an espresso house.One note: wireless is not provided and this was a choice of the owners from the outset. I politely made my point with another customer on my second visit stating my wish they add it. Reason: many are already entering packing a smart phone or a laptop that's enabled. People need it for meetings, work and for handling personal business. I'm self-employed and have a client in town that I need to meet with monthly and it's always over coffee. We need an access point. There's a perception some hold that it's the duty of a coffee shop to provide a work environment for their customers. I don't happen to agree with that assessment but understand the paradigm. My concern is great coffee which is why I'm giving them 5 stars. I hate to see a great business open themselves for criticism on the wireless issue but just watch, it'll come. But add it and I'll spend more money here, I know.On another note I wish to express my delight in their location. East Lawrence (I live two blocks away) has a bad rap that's sometimes deserved and sometimes not. Businesses tend to avoid the area a bit. That's quickly changing and they'd be wise to see the folks lined up here grabbing drinks at all times of day. This area of town is going through a rebirth and Decade is a very welcome addition. When I heard a coffee shop was locating here I thought it was a crazy idea, but now I can't imagine them not being here.Other coffee shops in town, take note. The bar has been raised again. There are becoming fewer and fewer reasons to get coffee downtown these days except out of the need for convenience.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2014,10/9/2014,165,132,4,6,5>This is the kind of shop I could get into trouble in!They have a little of everything:  incense, candles, beauty products, KC clothing, home decor, artisanal foods.  You name it, they've got it!On my visit I picked up a hand printed dishtowel for my sister.  This sexy dishtowel will likely never see a hot pot.  It was adorned with a tattooed pinup girl.  I also scored some Imperial brand shaving soap.  I'd never seen Imperial shaving products in stores before - only online, so I was excited to pick some up.  Truth be told, I used it this afternoon and it compares nicely to another boutique, non-retail brand that I use.  I'll be back for more.  I also am now the proud owner of West Third Brand "Smell Good Daily Tonic Body Spray".  My chosen man-stink, "Tobacco 1812".  It smells of tobacco, whisky and TROUBLE.  Can't go wrong!I didn't make any candle, incense or other home furnishing purchases, but they had a nice, yet small variety of things you cannot live without.  Old school light fixtures, unique desks/sofa tables, and ottomans.  They also have a section for artisanal groceries that are worth your time including bread mixes and pastas.  Lots more that I do not remember.   The staff where friendly and mingling with the shoppers while they perused the myriad of diverse offerings.  This store is not huge by any means but they already pack a punch.  I appreciate that they exclusively offer products that are made in the USA and mostly right here in KC!  I'll be back and I can't wait to see what they have next time!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2014,10/8/2014,52,79,4,5,5>MAN OH MAN, why did I it take me moving into the Volker neighborhood 2 years after moving to KC to find this place? I feel like I've been missing out!  Ever since day one, I've been on the hunt for good NY style pizza and I've FINALLY found it.  Sure, I've found some decent pizza downtown, but after you take away all the non-traditional toppings and sauces and get down to the basics, I've found them to be underwhelming.  My heart is all aflutter!!  Here's how that fateful day went down a few weeks ago -- we had just spent the weekend moving into our new home, we were tired, cranky and HANGRY (you know, that fine line you dance when you're so hungry you're angry about it)... after a quick search, my heart was set on pizza.  Johnny Jo's has the best reviews within a 5 minute drive, *ding*ding* they were the winners.  I was surprised to see how small the joint was, but then realized that's half it's charm!  Service was quick and friendly and as I danced out the door to my car I grew more and more excited.  We started the 5 minute drive home the delicious smell of tomato, cheese and charred crust filled the car and it took everything in my not to rip that box open and dive into a slice on the way!We devoured as much as we could stuff into our bellies as soon as we got home and still had enough for a cold slice for breakfast - let's be honest here, that's the true test of a good pie!  Since that day we've been back 4 times -- can't stop won't stop (and neither should you) -- now if only they delivered....
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,10/7/2014,123,254,2,4,2>I was directed to Kansas City Young Audiences as an option for a ballet class for my twin toddlers.  I am so happy that we followed through!  My two-and-a-half year-old daughters enthusiastically participated in the Parent-and-Me Dance Class on Saturday mornings, and we loved it! Our class met once a week on Saturday mornings from 0930-1010.  The length of class was perfect, because toddlers are not known for their discipline or patience.  The formula of class, starting with stretches and practicing basic ballet skills, was key.  This was a wonderful class.  It focuses on the basics and techniques of dance rather than being a silly class that is a mere excuse to dress toddlers in tutus and tiaras.  My daughters merrily spent their Saturday mornings with aspirations of being ballet dancers, not entertaining fantasies of fairy princesses (not that there is anything inherently wrong with fairy princesses; that is simply not what we signed up to do).  The Parent-and-Me Class is for dancers within the age range of two to four years.  My daughters were two-and-a-quarter at the beginning of the term.  At the first class, my fear was that I had made a horrible mistake è rolling children that were too young.  But they were eager.  And what children lack in precision they make up for in enthusiasm.  By the third class, they were not only picking up on the directions and techniques but they were eagerly practicing ballet at home!  They love to do their relevé walk and their coupé passé and "run run run grand jetté"!  Miss Katie is a wonderful teacher.  She is kind but firm about expectations, and even very small children of merely two can learn ballet from her.  In fact, I feel like my daughters learned more about following directions from this class than I would ever have been able to reach them at home.  They want to please her, and so they follow her directions and they learn.  I am eager to sign my daughters up for the next session.  At this age, it is impossible to know if they will develop the love and talent for ballet to continue on with it, but for now they are having fun.  It is my job to support that and encourage a love of the performing arts in this embryonic stage.  And the movement skills from dance are such that they will benefit physically, even if they never grow to become ballerinas.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2014,10/6/2014,54,211,5,2,3>Dammit, now they're making COOKIES!The Fervere stamp on a chocolate chip cookie is rye flour and orange, big chunks of chocolate and nuts. They're huge, and eyes-rolling-back-in-your-head delicious! I shudder (with anticipation) to think what's next.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2014,10/5/2014,103,158,1,4,3>So, it's been about a year since my last update of Burg & Barrel.  My how things have changed...for the better!  I have come in several times recently and have sat at the bar each time.  3 different bartenders have waited on me, and each one of them is on point.  I love the new interactive video boards above the bar which pimp their draft selections as well as scroll through comments made on social media from guests.  This place is embracing the Untappd app, and I love them for it!  This really is a great place if you are a craft beer junkie.  BTW, the bloody marys here are freaking amazing.  Just another reason to stop in here on a Sunday and kick back for a few.I have had wonderful experiences with the salads and wraps here.  I've been losing weight by eating better, and Burg & Barrel delivers some tasty items that don't break my diet.  The veggie wrap and asparagus salad are my favorites.  I have jumped off of the wrap and salad menu and tried 2 different chicken sandwiches.  Both times they were dry and not very good, but all that did was solidify the salad and wrap menus for me.  It's not driving me away from becoming a regular here.The service and food have improved drastically since they opened.  I really didn't think this place was going to make it.  I happily stand corrected.If good beer, good food, and good service is what you seek, then the bartenders at Burg & Barrel deliver.  I highly recommend sitting at the bar when you come here.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,10/4/2014,11,117,,3,3>Wow!  This place is amazing!  I'm ashamed that I didn't visit before now!  I'll definitely be returning soon.  We went on a Monday night and were surprised to find that Mondays are steak nights.  You get a steak, a side, a salad and a dessert for $25-30.  They also had a wine special.  For $6 you received an 8oz pour.  All fantastic deals.  My husband and father went with the steak specials.  My mother (a vegetarian) got the soup and a couple of sides, and I went with the salmon.  Everyone loved their food.  It was all served creatively (the soup came out in a teapot!) and tasted amazing.  To have all local food and all dishes created in-house is a great thing.  I also tried a couple of batch cocktails: The Old Square and the Martinez.  I prefered the later, but both were tasty and both had the orange peels lit ablaze by our waitress right at the table.  The service was friendly and informative.  I also loved the design of the place.  It was clean, a little trendy, open kitchen, and cozy.  This was a fabulous experience.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2014,10/3/2014,43,112,1,8,4>I've been twice lately and it is rapidly moving up my list of best BBQ joints.  This place is definitely a joint!  What I like is they have different options than some of their competitors.  Their smoked chicken wings are awesome and I love their frankenwurst (not on menu) which is a smoked bratwurst.  They have burnt ends EVERYDAY and you can get them as a sandwich or an entree (which isn't the case at my other favorite place).  Love their burnt ends, very tender and a fair amount of smoke.  Their sides are pretty good (beans, fries, rings) and they have a good selection of Boulevard beers.  Woodyard is an old house they converted into a restaurant and they have ample outdoor seating.  You can always find a shady spot, enjoy a beer/BBQ, and even play some bocce ball out back (remember to wipe the sauce off your hands first).  If you do your own BBQ you can buy wood in multiple varities (apple, cherry, etc.).  The service is very friendly and they treat you like you are in their home (actually you are).  Also if you sit on the front porch you can watch the pitmaster tending to the racks of ribs, chicken wings, et al.  They also have daily specials which are a great value (i.e. Saturday slabs of ribs).  Overall it is the best BBQ place if you have a nice day and want to be outside relaxing with friends/family.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2014,10/2/2014,44,519,2,6,5>My bestie and I hitched up the buggy and toddled off to the Nelson to take a gander at the Road to Arabia exhibit, which was fabulous BTW.  We got way-layed by Rozelle Court for lunch.  Great atmosphere.  Beautiful surroundings.  Pleasant, quiet, relaxing.  I had the ham and asiago sandwich with blue potato salad with andouille sausage.  The sandwich was HUGE and was very generously filled with meat and cheese.  It was delicious!  The pickle was interesting.  Very tart but tasty.  The blue potato salad with Andouille sausage was out-of-this-world!  Tons of sausage and nice and creamy and cool.  Really enjoyed the meal.  I will be looking forward to come here again.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2014,10/1/2014,72,73,2,5,2>I've been coming to Harry's for about 10 years & I have always enjoyed the outdoor patio in the comfortable rustic interior of the inside bar. I have never thought this a location for a meal but rather more of a place to order a nice expensive draft beer and chat with a friend who might be from Colorado. However, today I did visit and I ate and the food was solid. The service was pleasant the beer was cold and the company was fair. I don't mind on the blackened chicken soft tacos which were good and not too large nor too small just right. My company, an old friend from Colorado, ordered one of the pizzas. According to him, "my flatbread pizza was quite tasty"; and, honestly I wish I would've ordered a pizza for myself... :) I will be definitely returning in the future but with my company probably not, as he will be in Colorado too stoned to move from his couch.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2014,9/30/2014,146,555,2,5,3>One of the best happy hours in town! You can get hamburgers,  ceviche, mac & cheese, several desserts, and some incredible craft cocktails.You can send in the bar area they have a few small tables, my favorite place to say is right when you come in the front door to the left there's a window seat and a little table and another wraparound couch, it's perfect for 6 to 8 people.  The service is always incredible, they keep the drinks coming and the waters filled. This is one of my favorite places to catch happy hour with a few friends. Several times it's been a little crowded and we've ended up sharing tables with other people, it's a fun way to make to make new friends.If you're in the area I recommend you stopping in grabbing a Manhattan and a tasty burger
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2014,9/29/2014,102,41,2,6,4>I went into the Drunken Worm without any knowledge of the establishment at all and was pleasantly surprised.The name of the establishment is cleverly crafted for a taco bar. This isn't just any taco bar however, the tacos are also cleverly crafted. I personally got the Taco Choice option on the menu for $7.99 which is any three soft tacos with rice and beans which is incredibly filling! I ordered the shrimp, tilapia, and pulled pork. Each taco has a unique savory flavor. My tacos had a lot of cabbage on them, so much so it was hard to see all the ingredients, but delicious none the less. I was not a huge fan of the tilapia taco specifically but it was not bad by any means, just not my particular favorite. The rice had a great flavor but the beans just didn't do it for me. You are definitely paying for the delicious tacos not the sides. We also got the .99 cent chips and salsa as an appetizer and the salsa was really flavorful and the chips were fresh and warm! Well worth the buck for that.While the bar may feel small, the staff is definitely friendly. We were taken care of very well the entire time we were there and while they weren't full, they had a lot of customers for a weekday evening. We felt like they definitely were attentive and helpful at every turn. Their tap selection isn't what I would pick but they do have a lot of Mexican beers on tap which is pretty different and unique. They did have a lot of great craft beer in bottles though including a lot from Odell.The only thing I didn't care for was the crowd did pick up while we were finishing up, and in a small area like that with everyone packed in, it got pretty loud but hey it's a bar what do you expect! Be merry!I'd love to go back and try their weekend brunch sometime soon, I'll definitely update when I do!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,9/28/2014,24,65,2,5,3>Headline: A hidden gem amongst an otherwise baren foodland (aka Grandview, MO).Health enthusiasts, right this way! This place is worth checking out, although it is very very easy to pass by unnoticed, and I only found it the old-fashioned way; by word of mouth! I'm at a client in Grandview and my colleague notices there is a place on the main drag (aptly named "Main Street") that had signs for espresso and pizza - a winning combination. We go there, and they don't actually have pizza ready at 11:40am... ha okay (hipsters, gotta love'em). The girl at the counter recommends Marketplace Justice around the corner so we head there to check it out. As it turns out, this place (Marketplace Justice) has "People Love Us On Yelp" written all over it. They cater to vegans, gluten free, soy free, dairy free, etc. and to all kinds of organic uuber-healthy meals. The food is great, service is friendly, and the ambience is great as well. My colleague orderd a nitrate free turkey panini-type sandwich with dried cranberries and a house-made dressing which came with "carrot chips". I went with a mixed greens salad with other wonderful ingredients and a tastey and light citrus mango type dressing. We both picked smoothies out as well. Everything we ordered came out fresh and delicious. I have a Blendtech and make smoothies daily, but I can't compete with the smoothies this place made. Although we did not try the coffee or espresso drinks, that is next on my list (maybe tomorrow!). I did notice they had a nice selection of organic beans that can be purchased.I'd recommend checking this place out if you are in the area, or even making a special trip to give this place a try. It's basically a small house wooden house painted in a light forest green. Half the place is the kitchen so there is not a lot of seating, but there were tables available since it isn't quite "discovered" yet. I would say groups of 4 or smaller is best for this place.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2014,9/27/2014,56,203,2,6,3>In Kansas City, you can throw a rock and hit a barbecue shack, but Jack Stack was the first to take it upscale.  This location, in a renovated warehouse along the railroad tracks downtown, is my favorite.The dining area features high ceilings, iron chandeliers, plenty of stained wood and brick and screams old time Kansas City. Keeping up with the theme, you won't find any sauce on the tables, your server will bring it to you (I recommend the hot sauce) in a bowl and if too much of it spills, you can wipe it up with your linen napkins.The food focuses more on regional recipes and includes briskets, ribs, sausage, super tasty burnt ends and even includes a little poultry and pork tenderloin options.  As a side item, I can not highlight, underline or mention the cheesy corn enough. Yes, it's a side, but it's probably the restaurant's signature item. I know what you're thinking, cheese and corn how can you mess this up? I can wholeheartedly look you in the eye and tell you this is the best combination of these two items I've ever tasted and it will be well worth your money. I will swear on this. Get the large option.One small note, whatever reason brings you out, whether it's a business meeting, family reunion or you're out on a date, you don't have to feel guilty getting dressed up, just don't wear white.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2014,9/26/2014,52,67,2,6,3>This shop proves the adage that you can't judge a book by it's cover. Most people would see 18th and Troost and just keep on driving. Hell, they might not even be in that neighborhood in the first place.But let me tell you, this is probably one of the best import specialty shops in the metro (specializes in Honda/Acura). Recently under new ownership and management (about a year ago), this shop and it's quality of service didn't suffer one bit, as often is the case when this happens. Jeff and his staff will take care of you every time. The labor rate is affordable and you are billed honestly. You aren't going to get billed estimated labor rates, only true ones. Add the convenience of being able to reach the shop by normal methods as well as Facebook messenger. Finally to top it off you can pay your bill over the internet so when it's time to pick up your car, you can drop in, get the keys and be on your way. If you own an import and you aren't using Revline for your shop, you're missing out.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,9/25/2014,146,44,1,4,4>I first found out about this business through Yelp by typing in "delivery" in the search engine as I was craving some food and wanted to stay in. Unfortunately, as you may have guessed, there were not a lot of choices here in the Kansas City area. However, this business popped up and had such a high reviews. I figure I give it a look and see what it was all about. As someone with a busy schedule, it's difficult to find the time to cook and eat hearty and healthy meals at home, let alone cook for one person. Upon reading up on the company and discovering that they primarily use organic ingredients, I was sold. The meals are all vegetarian, so if you are an omnivore and believe that "a meal is not a meal without meat," be warned you will need to supplement your order on your own. I signed up for a long-term three-month individual meal plan. Unfortunately, I had to pay for everything up front, and was not able to divide up the payments each week. But no matter, I still received a discount for ordering three months in advance. Just be prepared to shell out some cash ahead of time if you decide to go this route.I do enjoy the fact that they have such varied menus week-to-week. More importantly, I've finally found the opportunity to save time, still eat healthy, while also try out new foods I never would have tried under normal circumstances (e.g., quinoa or brussel sprouts). The company also has gluten-free options if necessary, and allows one to customize their meal order--adding more dishes for an additional cost or replacing some of the dishes with another from that week's menu. Though they cater to those with gluten allergies, I am slightly disappointed that they don't fully accommodate those with nut allergies, like myself. Most of the weekly menus have at least one dish with nuts, and so I have to customize my order a majority of the time, and unfortunately miss out on some of their tasty dishes. I wish they would provide nut-free versions of their dishes, though I do realize that there may not be much of a demand for them.The website claims under the individual plan to provide five to seven meals each week, which ends up being approximately $10 to $14 per meal. I do wish more food would be provided for the price it ends up being. My first week, I nearly ran out of meals after three or four days, and so after that I learned I needed to supplement my meals with other side dishes, a small salad, or half of a sandwich in order to ration out my meals for the entire week. Conveniently Natural delivers up to a 30-mile radius from Kansas City and even delivered the day before my normal delivery day (Sunday) due to a predicted snow storm in late February. Only on one occasion were my meals accidentally delivered to my neighbor, but for the most part, the delivery guy has been accurate.Overall, I am fully satisfied with the quality of my meals, my quality of life as a result, and the great customer service provided by Kim (owner), who is always quick to respond to my e-mails with questions and/or concerns, helped me customize my order on a couple occasions, and has earned my long-term business.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2014,9/24/2014,102,158,3,5,6>You simply cannot go wrong with this place, unless you despise things that are delicious.  Or perhaps if you have a sensitivity to cold food items, this might not be your top choice.  But even so, I would still suggest trying it out.  Just order something, & let it melt a bit before diving in.I can speak for the dairy-based ice creams per the voices of the many friends and family who I have taken to one or both locations to try the frozen delights. Everyone has been thrilled with their choices, and even had some difficulty choosing once they sampled the options (which there are a ton of).  I personally stick with the sorbet, which there are usually 3-4 rotating flavors per week.  Almost always something creative, and possibly something you have not thought to try yourself (in regards to flavor combinations).I have never been disappointed with the product, level of service, or overall experience when visiting this location.  If I am going to be out in Leawood, visiting friends, or hitting up the nearby Whole Foods or Trader Joes, it seems like a logical decision to also stop by for a little frozen treat.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2014,9/23/2014,44,213,2,8,4>It shouldn't take much to become a fan of Gram and Dun. This upscale and hip eatery on the Plaza's south side is legitimately one of the best places to eat when dining in the 40s. No meal here is complete without their delectable Asian Pig Wings and the weekend brunch makes this particularly attractive to folks looking to rehab after a long night out before. Chic bloody marys are an absolute must as attentive servers push the drink cart around and make the drink to your specific desire. G&D also sports some of the best servers around. They are quick to offer suggestions, also fast around the table, and calling them friendly is an understatement. I'll continue to patronize G&D when I'm out and about on the Plaza. Though this piece of real estate has changed hands numerous times in the last 10 years, I think G&D is here to stay. For that, we rejoice.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,9/22/2014,49,45,6,6,7>OK, let me start by saying it will be difficult to find adjectives to describe my utter glee at "finding" Christi's.  I really can't say I found it, because they've been in business 40+ years.  But suffice it to say I would have been bitterly disappointed if I had gone another 40 years and not partaken of this goodness!Christi's is located in Kansas City, KS, on 55th Street, just north of Metropolitan Ave, on the east side of the road.  This is the epitome of the "greasy spoon", if you will.  It's a small, unassuming building which is set up for take out only.  Aanndd they're famous for their tenderloin.It had my attention at 'tender'.The prices at Christi's are very reasonable and a couple of other patrons applauded my decision to try the tenderloin.  Because of the price, (which I don't remember, quite frankly!), I thought this would be your regular, everyday, "regular" sized sammich.  The husband took the food outside while I waited for our drinks.  At this point, I still have no idea of what I'm about to see.As I mentioned, Christi's is take out only and there are three picnic tables to dine on, should you choose.  So I go skipping outside with the drinks and I see a bed sheet nestled in between two buns.  That tenderloin was INSANE!!  Not only was it large enough to cover a Hybrid, it was oohh so tender and tasty and crunchy and good and big and wonderful and ...Did I mention it was big??We both just started eating the tenderloin and making our way to this pebble sized bun.  OK, the bun was regular sized, but even Fred Flintstone would freak over the tenderloin size!  And it was so incredibly tasty, it would make one have impure thoughts.  (Let your imagination go with that comment...). There were moans of enjoyment a d frequent cries to Jesus as we consumed this truly decadent sammich.In addition, since the husband and I were both starved and clearly in need of additional nourishment, we got additional items.  I got a "regular" hamburger and tots while Damian got a grilled cheese sandwich and curly que fries.  I also got a vanilla shake while Damian got a chocolate malt.  Let's just say we were satisfied.  We actually met Christi when we there, as she was greeting and waiting on customers.  She thanked us foe coming and asked us to come back.  Yeah, that won't be an issue.  Christi's gets two snaps in T formation!!
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2014,9/21/2014,9,45,4,3,3>Before coming here I used to be constantly disappointed. There are several places in the city to get your hair cut, most of which are overpriced, or ghetto fabulous. This is none of those. Located in either west 39th or down in Waldo you'll find this bit of stylized perfection. The atmosphere is a bit trendy, but in a fun way. The stylists are generally all in dresses and have pretty unique and cool designs and cuts in their own hair to showcase what they can do. In the lobby you'll find a large supply of everything you would need to take care of/ style not only your hair, but your beard, and even your mustache. The attendant is very friendly and offers to give you beer, wine, water, or pop. In terms of the hair stylists themselves, I've tried Victoria and Meagan (39th) and Maggie (Waldo). I have yet to be disappointed by any of them. I have a feeling that day won't actually come either. I will only come here to get a cut anymore. No exceptions.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,9/20/2014,98,58,2,7,4>Well, move over OK Joe's, Arthur Bryant's and Jack Stack, there is a new BBQ joint in town, and it's going to kick all of your asses!It's name: Q39.  Right off of 39th and Main, heading towards the 39th and Volker area of town, this new BBQ haven is pretty amazing.  I've tried about 9 or 10 BBQ places in KC, from famous to obscure, and Q39 has everyone beat, hands down!So let's talk about this meaty extravaganza:This is the restaurant for the Munchin' Hogs BBQ team.  They have won numerous national and local BBQ competitions throughout their inception in 2002. The restaurant is their first foray into the BBQ restaurant culture of KC.The restaurant looks like a re-purposed autobody shop.  It has that industrial feel to it, and actually reminds me of the new popular style of Texas BBQ joints and bars found in Dallas.  Lots of wood and metal around the place.  This gives it a really fun and laid-back feel to it; it looks like an inviting place to eat.  It has a full bar, and has an open kitchen with a full view.  Patrons can watch the BBQ masters work on making their meals!  The service was incredibly friendly.  The waitstaff have a lot of pride in their food and know the menu well. The drinks were always full, and service was prompt and always with a smile.  Multiple waitstaff, the cook, and the owner also checked-in on us to made sure we enjoyed the meal.The drinks: a full bar with an extensive list of bottles and drafts.  I can't wait to try them for happy hour!And now...for the food:  I seriously have to say that the meat is done better than anywhere else in KC.  Yes, you diehard OK Joes or AB fans, you may be accusing me of blasphemy, but Q39's meat is much much better, both in flavor and quality.    We tried the Q39 burger, which was a juicy burger made from brisket.  Flavorful, moist and juicy.  The toppings of onion strings and cheese and bacon were amazing.  Everything was cooked to perfection.   As for the BBQ, we tried the Judge's plate.  It has a serving of 2 ribs, brisket, and pulled pork.  The brisket was amazeballs. Typically, brisket in this town seems to be rather dry, and the BBQ restaurants cover that with their sauce to mask the dryness. Not Q39!  Their brisket was very tender and juicy - I could have cut it with a butter knife!  It didn't even need BBQ sauce, but the sauce gave it a perfect finishing touch.  The pulled pork had a hint of apples in it, and was also juicy and packed full of flavor.  And the ribs were by far the best part of the plate - their honey glaze deviates from the typical BBQ sauce found in KC, but was so much more satisfying.  That couples with the fall-off-the-bone-tenderness of the meat absolutely made the meal.    There are tons of sides to choose from, but I would recommend the apple coleslaw, which was fresh and crispy, and the white bean cassoulet, unique to this restaurant.Overall:Ambience: 5/5Food: 5/5Service: 5/5Total: 5/5!  Excellent job, Q39!  It's no wonder you've won so many BBQ competitions!  I'll most definitely be back.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2014,9/19/2014,56,174,5,9,7>Background...  Spike from Pho Hoa (one of... if not the best Viet in KC) has created this bar/restaurant.  Apparently staffing is a little short after dealing with integrity issues.  Spike took care of us after a miscue with the service.  *Keep in mind they are getting their staffing up to par and keeping with the integrity and class of pho hoa*  That being said...  This is NOT Pho Hoa...The neon lights and bar up front with a nice selection of a mix of beers on tap.  Although its a short list...  Its what I would drink.  They also have a full bar.  This reminds me of Hawaii.  Great for shots and classic bar type place.  You can sit with your friends and enjoy the night.  The food was 5 stars!!  Fusion beef stew was seasoned with the french/asian=viet flavors.  Fantastic.  Small pieces of beef, red potatoes, carrots, cilantro, fried french onions and white rice.  It was a joy to taste!  The grilled pork spring roll was so good.  The grilled pork was tasty and a good mix with the rest of the veggies in the spring roll.  The "fish" sauce or dipping sauce was THE BEST!  No joke!  The perfect blend of heat and acidity!  The shrimp rangoons were good.  On par with other cream cheese based rangoons.Bahn Mi  House Special Sandwich...  I think...  Grilled pork, fish cake, Chicken with the fried baget and normal cucumber and mayo...  Crunchy, Titillating and Satisfying.  On the weekends they have MudBugs... Aka Crawfish!   They are seasoned very well.   If you know anything about asians and mudbugs...  They are on par with their southern counterparts.  Seasoning is complex and spicey!  MMMMMmmmmm!!I didnt even get to try the Pho!!!  Will be back.  Must be back!  I cant wait till all the small (very small) issues get ironed out.  *They have a great lounge in back for KARAOKE, dancing on the weekend, or a private party!...   Im definitely going to reserve the back end soon!!!*
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2014,9/18/2014,553,763,1,6,3>No plans on a Saturday, so plenty of time to haul butt out to BFE and eat Thai.  All the great reviews drew me out to this location, especially the pictures of the food.  I also was sucked in by the pictures of the modern and clean decor AND outside seating!  How many Thai restaurants have outdoor seating?  I can only think of 2.When we walked in around 8 pm, there was only one table left.  They quickly got it cleaned up for us and we were seated in 2 minutes.  Service is swift and attentive, but not overly so.  It took me years to realize that there is no stopping the Thai kitchen express train.  Instead of hoping that any Thai restaurant in America will pace our food, I have learned to pace my ordering.  This place is no exception.  My soup came out and 2 minutes later, my entree.  I did not pace my ordering this time....I just forgot.  The food.  The food is super fresh, beautiful on the plate and bursting with mouthwatering flavor.  I tasted my husbands entree and while it looked very similar, they flavors were worlds apart.  However, we both had "medium" spicy and my husbands entree was definitely less spicy than mine.  I had the Tamarind Chicken With Green Beans.  It had all the components I look for in Thai food, sweet/salty/spicy.  We started with Crab Rangoon and I had a bowl of the Tom Kha Gai.  Both perfect.The space is clean and modern with contemporary music playing in the background.  I will definitely head out there again when the temps cool down and we can enjoy dinner on their large patio.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,9/17/2014,153,77,5,4,5>ABubbles!!!!!I've been here number of times now and it is one of my favorite. Especially early, when it's still a little slow. The have many sparkling wine options. Love the Cava.Their cocktails are excellent, especially the Death in the Afternoon. It's a whoozey. Really looking forward to the completion of their adjoining patio.Go here. Or don't, so I can have it to myself.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2014,9/16/2014,16,86,6,3,5>I have drove past here my entire life and always said next time I will stop there and never did....well today I did.Now mind you I had no preconceived notions I truly hadn't the first idea what to expect, I had not looked on yelp or anywhere else for reviews and have never that I can recall spoke to anyone about it.I pull up and within a matter of 15 seconds a very nice teenage young lady comes out to my vehicle to take our order and of course being a first timer I had questions as to what a whizz burger and a couple others were and a black cow...(note to self, get the really big one next time) but I digress ....we ordered and within 5 minutes we had our order....I had the whizz and my daughter had the chili burger ...it was great, now it isn't the best in Independence when it comes to burgers but it is a solid second.One of the things that absolutely impressed me and it had nothing to do with the food is the ability of that young lady to count change back to me..(I have yet to see them do it at the corporate drive up joint...you know who I mean!)oh I am forgetting one thing the old fashioned on the wall menus, to me that is really neat and nostalgic and they are easy to read.  You know they say first impressions are everything and this place made a great first impression. ..I will be back....my name is Bill Lockhart and I approved this message.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,9/15/2014,65,258,2,5,5>BRGR is not an obvious choice for a vegetarian. When a co-worker requested it for a vendor lunch, I was not enthusiastic. But, they do have some veggie friendly option, like salmon, a lentil based burger, build your own mac and cheese and the Lobster Grilled Cheese - lobster, shallot butter, three cheese sourdough bread, organic fried egg and truffle fries. I ordered that, as did several colleagues, and was pretty excited to try it. When we got the food we were all pretty underwhelmed. The sandwiches we had were saturated and oily and mine had a lot of shell fragments. Fast forward to a couple weeks ago when I was staying in P&L, had a short time frame for dinner and was closest to BRGR. BF and I decided to try it. I told the waiter about my last sad experience with the the Lobster Grilled Cheese and he convinced me to give it another try. Hot and fresh from the kitchen, minus travel time, this was a great sandwich. No shell, tasty, lots of lobster, yummy. BF enjoyed his more traditional burger as well. He got the tots and their garlic aioli sauce was out of this world.The truffle fries were good as well. So hooray for second chances,
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2014,9/14/2014,52,63,1,5,5>One of the few BBQ joints that is consistently on point with their food.  I don't know how they do it but SH5 has it figured out. I haven't had a bad meal here, or at any of their locations for that matter.My favorite is the Carolina sandwich with pulled pork, spicy slaw and Bubba sauce. The portabello Z-Man is my go to when I'm in a non-meat (what tha...) mood.  As for sides - you can't go wrong with the fries or onion rings but if you are in the mood for something different go for the smoked white chicken chili and BBQ dirty rice.  The BBQ dirty rice is OMG good and beautifully spicy.My only desire would be to see something more interesting for the salad options.  The base of the salad is like something from a bag and very uninspiring. When people visit from out of town, this is the first KC BBQ experience they get and so far, not one of them has been disappointed.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2014,9/13/2014,48,264,1,6,6>Boom. This place is the bomb.Came in on Saturday morning before the weekly Costco trip and am SO happy we did.  It took some convincing but once the boyfriend saw lots of cars in the parking lot, I think he was sold.The half order of biscuits and gravy were large and plentiful. The biscuit was very apparently made in house and the gravy was delicious.  I ordered the biscuit sandwich with egg, cheese and sausage and the boyfriend had the breakfast burrito.  I'd have to say that I enjoyed the biscuits and gravy along with the sandwich better than the burrito but that's just my personal preference.It was a cheap meal and we were both stuffed.  AND not to forget... the service and staff were awesome.  Check it out.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2014,9/12/2014,30,269,2,5,6>Unk's Burgers has been on the scene for at least two years and until a chance remark during the Food Critics broadcast on KCUR I didn't even know it existed.  But now I know and, even better, I really enjoyed my visit at lunch time today.The menu is dominated by burgers, starting with a basic four choices (one of them a double) but also includes some others on the menu board that might be worth exploring on another visit (such as "the Crazy Nephew burger"- - I think that was the name).I decided to keep it simple for my first visit and order an Unk with the addition of bread and butter pickles that is called "Sweet Auntie".  I added cheddar cheese for a small up-charge and chose to also add mustard and ketchup from the generous list of 'free' additions that also included mayo, lettuce, tomato, onions, raw or grilled, and a few other items.  There are also many interesting up charge add-on items, bacon, for instance.  But like I said, I wanted to keep it simple so I could judge the burger by it's flavor and texture.What was served is a quality, hand formed patty with a smoky grilled flavor.  It makes a good upscale burger.  I ordered beer-battered onion rings that were tasty and had nice crunch.  And since I was a first time customer, our sweet little server, Lisa, offered me a tasting sample of baked beans.  OKAY, I'm getting baked beans next time, for sure!  They are yummy sweet with a nice spicy kick.Dear Daughter #1 had an Unk's burger with cheese and loaded with most of the additions from the 'free' side of the menu.  She paired her's with sweet potato fries and was very happy with the results.Unk's is family owned and operated.  It isn't a late night joint, never opening before 11 a.m. and even on Friday & Saturday they close by 9 p.m. And they are closed all day Sunday.  They serve a few other items including a catfish sandwich, a chicken sandwich and at least one salad selection, plus several sides and they do serve beer, for those who have to have beer n burgers.All in all, Unk's Burgers is a cool little place and I'm glad that I  finally found it!  I'll be back!
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,9/11/2014,74,1211,1,4,5>Considering other theaters/cinema venues as I review this place...How can you find a theater with food this tasty? You can't.Where can you find a bar this cool in a theater, with an oval screen above showing movies and sports and such on conjoined screens? You can't.Where can you find bathrooms this nice? Only a few places I've ever been have restrooms this swanky.And then you have super comfy small theater rooms. Wow!Try the burnt-end meatballs. Have them make a sandwich of them for you. (Mouth watering right NOW!)Try the burgers... the bacon burger I had was delicious. Brioche bun. Shoestring fries. Nom nom.The fried banana peppers (ordered by my companions but unseen by me on the menu) with BBQ sauce to dip. Sinful... in a good kinda way!
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2014,9/10/2014,26,41,1,4,8>When was the last time you saw an art deco robot open the curtains to reveal a movie screen? This is just one of the few quirks that await at Screenland Amour. Personally, I think this is a bar with the greatest beer selection in KC masquerading as a movie theater. And it does a great job at both. While I never have a problem deciding what movie I'm going to see, I will stare at the large chalkboard of beer selection for at least 10 minutes before choosing which to imbibe. Usually, Screenland has a seven to eight beers on tap and a huge variety of bottles. Now, I've only been in the main theater room in Screenland, but I love it. It's massive and, thanks to the leather couches in the front, it's comfy. Basically, it's like watching a movie at home with a large screen and pants on. Since, you know, society has yet to let us do things like not wear pants in public. Screenland also has some other quirks like an arcade of your favorite late 80's and 90's games (I'm talking Rampage here, people!). They also have an impressive Sunday morning brunch buffet that starts an hour before the movie showing. Just don't eat so much you sleep through the flick. They also, like Alamo, will screen older movies and have special events, just keep a look out for them. Overall, Screenland is one of the two or three theaters I will go to in KC (the others being Alamo Drafthouse and AMC Ward Parkway). I don't see this changing any time soon.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,9/9/2014,43,227,3,5,6>Brunch buffet status!We were seated in about fifteen minutes after our arrival. This was right after church around 12:30 on a Sunday so I think that's not too bad. We had the brunch buffet that was complete with everything from a waffle station to yogurt bar. They had bacon, sausage, eggs, hash browns, veggies, some chicken dish and sausage gravy and biscuits I couldn't eat because of gluten, and a make your own omelette station. They also had a huge variety of baked goods and desserts (all with gluten, sad day). I'll say the bread pudding at least smellllllllllled awesome. All that being said, the stuff I could eat was yummy.Alcohol wise (because it isn't brunch without it, right?) we had some mimosas. They offer pineapple, orange, or grapefruit options. I had a grapefruit one. It was fine, strong, and small. It cost something like $6 for maybe five swigs. Honestly, I wouldn't ever do it again. I'd go down the street to Louie's Wine Dive and pay $6 for a wine glass full or $11 for their bottomless version.Overall, it was a nice brunch. We easily spent two hours there just munching and chatting. :) The service was nice and prompt and never made us feel like we needed to be getting a move on.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2014,9/8/2014,151,400,1,6,5>There was a beach picture that was close to what I was wanting to paint (with French doors).  I signed up with Grapes and Paints, as of all the ones I'd seen locally at this type of paint store was the most attractive of all.Mandy was our artist of the evening, and she was fun and encouraging.  We were encouraged to branch out on our own if we wanted to adjust our painting. I did, and I'm glad. I left out the doors, and added another palm tree, and some starfish.  I'm very pleased with how it turned out, and now I might even be able to paint a similar one on my own, thanks to getting out of my comfort zone, and Mandi's tips.  It isn't Monet by any means, but it means something to me, and I like it.It was a busy two hours, but I think everyone had fun. I really enjoyed seeing other people's paintings as well, and the liberties that they took with theirs.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2014,9/7/2014,109,469,1,4,5>I went to the museum for their monthly Tots on Tuesday program this past week. While we've been before, this week's adventure really motivated me to review it and the museum. The program caters to preschool-aged children and this past week, there was a monsters theme. The fantastic storyteller read several monster-themed books and got all of the kids to participate. She also had the kids join her in several songs and talked about some of the art in the room where the storytime took place. After that portion of the program ended. we all went outside and the kids created their own monsters with materials they provided. They didn't rush anyone out once the hour was over either.How much did all of this cost? NOTHING!!This is one of the best kid-friendly programs I've discovered and it doesn't hurt that it's in such a beautiful museum. My three-year-old also enjoyed looking at many of the paintings and sculptures after the program ended. I think the size of the museum made it a lot less overwhelming for him than the Nelson typically is for him.I look forward to returning more frequently!!
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,9/6/2014,118,260,1,7,7>After a Yelp event and a couple happy hours, we were happy to make the Ambassador Hotel the place we spent our wedding night. The tiny little wedding was in the afternoon, followed by tapas and booze for the 28 guests at our house. We didn't plan an immediate honeymoon but didn't want to spend our wedding night cleaning up after a party. The Ambassador fit the bill. We arrived around 8, made our way through the gauntlet of parking and back around to the only entrance - in the front of the building. This may be the first downside, to me it's unfortunate to park in the rear and have to walk back around to the front to enter. Lucky for us it was May 17th and not February 17th. The front desk receptionist asked if we were doing anything fun for the weekend and this was the first time we told them we had gotten married. She congratulated us and we were on our way to our room. We dropped off our bags, hung out for a while, and headed downstairs for our first husband and wife cocktails. A fitting location since this was the first place we had pictures taken as a couple at a Yelp event about two years earlier. It was a long day. 9 pm felt like 2 am so we headed back to the room in our marriage fog and soon crashed. The next downside happened at 3 am when the bar across the street closed it's doors and the occupants emptied onto the street within shouting distance of the hotel. Though no fault of the Ambassador, I really hope that can be fixed soon. I've stayed in hotels in busy cities but this crowd was just jerks. It wasn't until the next morning that we found the card. The card they must have snuck into our room when they saw us in the restaurant. The card from the staff congratulating us on our marriage and thanking us for choosing the Ambassador for our stay. For all the great decor, fantastic food, great cocktails, friendly staff, and overall wonderful vibe, it was that card, virtually free of cost, that sealed this 5-star rating. Thoughtfulness has no price and yet has unlimited value.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2014,9/5/2014,86,112,1,6,4>Stopped in here for lunch this week. Not disappointed at all.5.99 got me a "slice" of their combination special pizza.Slice is in quotes because a single slice here is the size of a dinner plate.Well cooked, good quality pizza for cheap, and right across the street from work!I'll be back.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,9/4/2014,94,61,2,8,6>The Farmhouse does brunch right, starting with one of my favorite wintertime libations - spiked hot chocolate. Made with homemade marshmallows, rich chocolate and a hefty portion of créme de menthe, the spiked hot chocolate ($10) is absolutely necessary for a cold winter morning/afternoon/evening. I felt pretty warm (and tipsy) after one and would've easily gone for a second if I had a designated driver. Dang.I'm a big fan of The Farmhouse, so when I heard their new brunch menu was introduced Feb. 1, I stopped by the next day to check it out. One of the new dishes you must try is the Earl of Biscuit ($11.50) made with 3 oz. of fried tenderloin, bacon-cheddar biscuits, fried eggs and chicken gravy. This is a stick-to-your-bones dish. The crispy seasoned tenderloin was my favorite part. Having a sweet or savory dilemma? The French Toast Sandwich ($10.50) is both! Two slices of thick French toast sandwich your choice of ham or bacon and a fried egg. Drizzle your own maple syrup and enjoy the best of both worlds.  Once my brunch buzz has worn off, I'll be back for more.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,9/3/2014,30,44,5,6,6>My wife gave me a GC for my birthday to brew my own, and I was very impressed with this place. The beer? I have to wait 9 more days for secondary fermentation then we'll see.The operation is in a small storefront in old OP. Right near the farmer's market. They have retail home brew supplies, but focus on "home" brewing for the veteran or novice (me) in the store. They have all the muckety muck and you take home the beer. Brilliant!And there's a lot of muckety muck from jars, to tubes, to burners to ingredients. I don't want it in my basement, trust me.When you schedule a brew session, they'll ask if you want to do whole grain or extract. What? It means do you want to start your batch with a shortcut, that most homebrewers think it totally fine, and will save you an hour and a couple of bucks. If its your first time, just say "Extract".From there, they'll ask what type of beer you like. I said "Yes."Unless you have a recipe, Tyler or someone else will suggest one. Its kind of greek mumbo jumbo, but he insists by the third time you'll know what hops you might want to try, grain etc.Then you follow the recipe, adding malt extract (think syrup) to boiling water, the hops at various times for an hour.There is a lot of down time, and plenty of good restaurants nearby, or bring a book and a friend and a sixpack. The staff will watch your brew while you're out.Then you put yeast in a big bottle with the brew (wort) and come back to bottle in two weeks. Then you wait two more weeks (me now).I had fun. They don't mind if you bring a bottle or two in (if you share), and my kids were welcome too, when we bottled. Don't tell child welfare, but my 7 year old daughter loved bottling beer, and she was good at it too.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2014,9/2/2014,160,440,6,8,5>Pork, mango, cilantro, and salsa.. do I really need to say more?On my way back from being out of town and not having tacos for a week, I needed one (ok, two) quick! I didn't want to wait to go to my normal place because it was all the way across town from where I was. I was actually heading to different place in KCK, but it was closed. After a quick internet search, I decided on El Camino Real. These are some of the best tacos you can get! I walked in and wasn't sure what the system was. It looks like a sit down restaurant, but the guy at the grill right inside the door took my to go order and started preparing my food. I went with two al pastor tacos. I was excited when I opened the container when I got back to the car to see a slice of mango along with the requested salsa and cilantro. After one bite I was ready for more! Two tacos came up to $3.30. Throw in a side and how many places can you eat for $5?? I gave a piece of the meat to the pug. He barked at me as I devoured the rest, demanding more! I am glad the other place I was going to try was closed. El Camino Real was just what I needed!
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,9/1/2014,123,113,1,5,6>So I haven't had a spa day in years and, after a day of pampering here, it was well worth the wait.  I received a gift certificate for a spa "experience" for Christmas.  This included a massage, lunch, a pedicure, and a blow out.  I tried to get in on a Saturday but they were pretty booked for what I needed to schedule.  The gal suggested a Tuesday so I took a half day from work and off I went.  After reading some of the reviews here I was a little nervous but from start to finish this was an excellent experience. I arrived for my appointment and was greeted cheerfully.  I was brought to the spa area and given a robe and some slippers and directed to change and a waiting room.  I had just changed when my masseuse, Daniel, came and got me.  After an hour of bliss (seriously he is awesome), I was told I could change back into my clothes for the rest of my visit.  I had added a manicure when I made the appointment so that was next.    Caradee met me in the hallway for my manicure.  I picked my color and she went to town and, in my opinion, did a great job.  Then we went and did my pedicure and boy howdy did I need it.  Bless her heart, Caradee did a great job with that too. Again, Caradee did a terrific job and my feet feel and look great :)  Next up - spa lunch.  This came from The Classic Cookie in Kansas City, MO.  Delicious chicken salad, spinach salad with walnuts and strawberries, muffins and cookies.  Really delicious.  The final piece of my visit was getting a blowout from Livia.  She asked what i wanted and I said just do what you want.  And she did.  And I really love it.  What a seriously great day.  The staff was friendly and courteous.  The services were all first rate.  Best Christmas present ever.  :)
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2014,8/31/2014,530,119,4,5,5>While "A Brick" may be hard and cold, "The Brick" is the exact opposite : It's nice and comfy.  And by that, I don't mean that it's "posh and pillowy" like some ultra-lounge...in fact it's the exact opposite; it feels "of the people", a neighborhood joint that's just fine doing it's own thing.  That thing being having some really great food, hosting great music (and even art), and just being a cool place to hang out.As a musician, I've always loved the vibe of The Brick as a venue; The room just is what it is, a standard rectangle, but there's something about the stage (and the really great soundpeople who run it) that's really great to see musicians on.  I don't know if it's the height or the depth, but something about it that just says "Music belongs here" about the venue, itself.  It feels like a rock-and-roll bar, but it's also your neighborhood hangout.And while the music is done right, so is the food.  I've never had a bad plate of chow at The Brick.  Ask anyone, and they've got "a favorite" from there : "Oh, The Brick?  I love the Meatloaf Sandwich" or "Dude, that Patty Melt..."So, Music and Food.  And booze, right?  I mean, they have booze, it's a bar, and a cool waitstaff.  And Music...always a good time to watch shows there...even though there's that weird supporting column on the one side of the room.  But, ya know, that's part of the charm of the place; it's the character of the joint that makes it so special, and such a great place to bring folks from out of town who want to grab a drink and some tots and see some local music.Oh, and, yeah...get the Meatloaf Sandwich.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2014,8/30/2014,159,346,2,6,8>Hobo's is a great addition to the neighborhood surrounding Knuckleheads!The place itself is better looking on the inside than the outside.  There are booths, tables and bar seating.  There are plenty of TV's if you want to watch a game.  The menu is extensive with plenty of burgers and sandwiches.  I ordered the BLT and a small side of cheese fries.  Both were heavenly.  The cheese fries, similar to another local favorite restaurant are smothered with queso.  In my BLT snob opinion, the BLT was perfect.  The bread wasn't too toasted, the bacon was just right, the lettuce and tomato were fresh.  I couldn't ask for a better BLT.I have another show to go to soon at Knuckleheads.  I've already planned to stop here before the show for dinner.  I need to remember to keep Hobo's in mind for when I'm not going to Knuckleheads.  I hope more people take the time to search Hobo's out.  It's definitely a winner on its own.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2014,8/29/2014,16,120,4,5,6>I left work for a lunch spot yet to be determined.  I just knew once I seen it that that would be the place.  Driving and scouring the signs I saw Empanada Madness.  There it was, my future lunch spot!I parked and walked in to an empty place.  I honestly walked back out to look up and the sign to be sure I walked into the right place!  Yep this was it!  I sat at the counter and was served quickly with a glass of water and a menu to look over.  I decided to go with the lunch special ($7.99 for your choice of Arepas with beans and rice) I chose the "Harry One"  (shredded beef with shredded gouda).  my food arrived a few minutes later and it was fresh, hot and gorgeous on the plate!  It tasted as good as it looks the Arepas crust was crispy, crunchy and prefect.  The filling almost made me fall off the barstool it was so flavorful and good.  Then they added melty gouda cheese!! What is not to like!  The beans and rice were great.  They also gave me three bottles of sauce to add to my meal.  Too be honest I went straight for the hottest one and never tried the others.  It had excellent flavor but could have had a touch more heat for my liking, but at this point I am splitting hairs because this place is great!So my first explore my new workplace area for lunch food was a success and I hope to continue this luck in the future!
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,8/28/2014,52,49,15,13,9>Hahaha pot pies!  Pot pies!! Om nom nom nom!!!My first experience here and can I just say I am very pleased with the food!!Started off with the black mussels...delicious!!! The beer buttered broth tasted even better with the sliced  baguette! Went with some friends last night... and i was so tempted to order everything off the menu. And by menu i mean chalkboard on the wall! It was cute!Of course we got the chicken and vegetables pot pie, NY strip cooked as asked, and the pan roasted chicken. Yumm!! *NOTE* these portions are nice for the pricing. The pot pie... gahh talk about comfort food! The pan roasted chicken and mash was amazing;  off the bone tender and nicely whipped mash. And the steak! I'm pretty sure that was more that a 12 oz steak! Oh oh and the  dauphine potatoes!!! Just writing this review is making my MOUTH WATER! And no dinner date with me is complete until dessert... doughnut holes with espresso Nutella and chocolate chip bread pudding with creme anglais! I can't even!! #orgasmic! Like mouth pregnancy-i-know-the-baby-daddy good!!!!!! Lol Now this place isn't great for large parties (5+) it's very small. It is however a very good place for a relaxing date... very dark and intimate. Pricing is great! $6 to $22 (?) I personally didn't think it was too pricey, in fact I thought it was pretty cheap for the amount you get.Over all grade: ADefinitely will be going back!
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,8/27/2014,202,441,3,7,7>I could eat at Blue Nile Cafe every single day and never get tired of it. The food, the service, and the atmosphere were all divine and Blue Nile has made it on my list of "Best restaurants in KC." My friends and I got the Groupon and were able to try the sampler platter with an extra side of lamb for pretty cheap. We also tried the coffee ceremony. (It's me - I had to!) If you are even remotely interested in coffee, the coffee ceremony is something you must try. This culture drinks their coffee with popcorn and the seasoning they use at Blue Nile is phenomenal They also light incense at your table while pouring your coffee. The smells alone put you into a coffee bliss. Our waitress explained the roasting and brewing process that was occurring and explained the Ethiopian coffee culture very well. Blue Nile is perfect and I can't wait to go again.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,8/26/2014,87,56,9,7,9>In the words of Goodie Mob: "Didn't come for no beef cause I don't eat steak,I got a plate of soul food chicken, rice and gravyNot covered in too much""A heaping helping of fried chickenMacaroni and cheese and collard greensToo big for my jeans"OMG "Soul Food" by Goodie Mob should be the theme song of this place LOL. All my friends know how much I love fried chicken, but this place takes the cake for having white rice drenched in gravy. Lord knows how many times I've taken Church's or KFC fried chicken to go along with big cups of gravy, only to take home and eat it with some steamed rice...well this place makes it all the more easier, I can just eat here and be all like long hair no care and eat my fried chicken just the way I like it.My friends got the mac and cheese. Now I'm not a big fan of mac and cheese, but them pairing it with chicken strips in a sandwich was genius! Of course the star of this place was my fried chicken with spicy gravy rice and cabbage. Chicken had a great crunch when you bite into the skin. The gravy was excellent (Oh by the way I love how they give free gravy, unlike other places...ahem KFC that charge you for standalone orders of gravy) and the rice in it was a perfect combo. The boiled cabbage was great together with the meal too!Boy was this some Southern Soul Food realness goin on up in this place! Definitely gonna have to come back here for their Chinese Fried Rice and jambalaya/ gumbo! I Love Love Loved our waitress, I believe her name was Christian? Anywho, she was a hoot! Loved how bubbly and funny she was! Plus while we were waitin for food, she gave us fried bell pepper strips battered like calamari for free! I close this review with hip hop realness by Goodie Mob:"Come and get yo' soul food, well wellGood old-fashioned soul food, all rightEverythang is for freeAs good as it can beCome and get some soul food"Happy Eating Ya'll!
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2014,8/25/2014,117,117,5,2,3>I love Japanese food.  I mean REALLY love it.  I have heard friends rave about Nara before and had never been.  Since we had a Yelp Event East of downtown, my Yelp Event Stunt Date and I decided to try it.  I got there early and ordered their happy hour specials which were super inexpensive.  I started with a Cosmopolitan and Spicy Tuna Rolls.  Both were outstanding.  I then ordered a hot sake and Inari.  Now Inari is something I usually do not care for as it is way too sweet.  Nara's was really good.  Not so overly sweet like I always seem to get elsewhere.Stunt Date arrived and we were seated for dinner.  Our waitress was the incredible Sara who was very knowledgable, friendly, and uber social.  She was a highlight of our dinner.  I ordered the Ban-Gohan Combination and the Conch Roll with a nice house Pinot Noir.  My date had the Crab Rangoon and sushi off the Ladie's Night Special listing.  The Crab Rangoon were light and crispy and very flavorful.  My sushi was fresh and very tasty. I'm always surprised when I find quality like this in Missouri (I lived on the West Coast so I've had it seriously fresh and I'm spoiled.  The win was a very good pinot.  It was their house wine and very good too. My date finished with the Lava Cake and was satisfied.  My only two complaints about Nara is the seating was insanely uncomfortable, though very appealing to the eye. The butt not so much.  I also have to agree with several other reviewers, it is a wee pricey for what you get.  I will still go back as there is much more on the menu I want to try though.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,8/24/2014,150,498,4,6,7>Knucklehead's is pretty much the perfect dive bar.  The outdoor stage has hosted a wild variety of jazz, rock, country & blues acts over the years...  never seen a bad show here.  The sound system is top-notch, even though the place looks like it's held together with baling wire, so you're going to hear it perfectly.  Cheap beer at the outdoor bar, or a wider variety of mixed drinks & such at the larger indoor bar.  The food is standard bar-dive food -- fried mushrooms, nachos, burgers -- but it comes out fairly quickly after you order at the window.  No wait service, they give you a buzzer & you go to the window to pick it up when it's ready.  Cash only, don't try to use your credit card here.  Parking is pretty decent, they have three gravel lots across the street that they'll direct you into, so it's not totally haphazard.  Check the calendar, they always seem to have a ton of interesting shows coming up.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,8/23/2014,58,256,1,5,6>My friend's boyfriend wanted to throw her a small surprise party at ....Caddy Shack? Wasn't that a movie?Map it, and it's kinda off by its lonesome, but not far from familiar spots like City Market and Le Fou Frog. The place wasn't too crowded on a Wednesday night -- we walked into a cute little hole-in-the-wall bar with a pool table and some TVs. Service was pretty good, and both food and drink were cheap and delicious. I didn't get to try the rave-reviewed pizza because *someone* (my husband, sigh) wasn't in the mood for pie and I didn't want leftovers that night. Plus, I was disappointed not many reviews mentioned Caddy Shack's non-pizza selection, therefore nervous it might be sub-par to their crazy best seller. Hubby had the Philly (mmm, I had a bite), while I tried the club sandwich -- it was all delightful, a perfect meal with a GIANT basket of tater tots to accompany. I will officially vouch for the other bar food, have no fear!In addition to our waitress, the manager (owner?) was sweet and checked in a couple times, both while we were waiting and after the birthday girl showed up. It was a perfect, low key evening at a solid bar, a great place to go out with friends. I know the birthday girl had a blast hanging out with her friends and learning to play pool.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2014,8/22/2014,116,60,1,6,4>Upon driving up to Wayside Waifs i was amazed by how big and appealing it was just from the driveway!! Then I walked inside and was simply impressed by the cleanliness and orderliness!! Everything seemed to have its place and easy to find what i was looking for! For the past few months I have been thinking about getting a new kitten, as I felt I was now ready to do so! (My kitten passed away over a year ago now, shortly after his first birthday). There were soo many pets to choose from. Of course I started out by looking at the dogs up for adoption (as I want to get one when I have a bigger place :) ) Then I moved on ready to see the cats! Low and behold I felt a bond with one litter of kittens in particular and walked out with my new friend Gabby! :D
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,8/21/2014,78,53,2,11,11>I was very impressed! Cleanliness was impeccable. I got all new, unwrapped tools for my visit. I got a gel manicure, by a guy - which surprised me! But he was really great. Very precise, and used a detail paint brush to clean up any imperfections as he went along. My nails are so short these days because I just haven't been keeping up with them on my own lately. Even how tiny they are, I feel like they're really pretty! Couldn't be happier with my experience. Will definitely be back for a pedicure once spring rolls around too!
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,8/20/2014,39,31,2,8,6>I love pizza. I can't explain it. I really do. Pizza Studio is a win for me and my family. Everybody got the pizza that they wanted and for about the same price as eating anywhere else.There are 5 types of crusts. Let me say that all of the crusts are thin crust but the two that I tried were delicious. I had the firecracker crust which has cayenne pepper and later I had the rosemary herb.Both times I had the tomato blend sauce but one of my kids had the BBQ and she enjoyed it.The toppings are unlimited and they have a nice selection, from traditional toppings like pepperoni and mushrooms to items like turkey fennel sausage, sweet chicken sausage and corn and broccolini. They also have things like truffle salt or Old Bay seasoning. It's only in the oven for about two minutes so it's pretty fast.It's s relatively young staff and they are highly energetic. They yell a greeting when you come in the door and are pretty jazzy. It's brand new so I don't know how long that will last but I love it. My only problem was there is only one stall in the women's bathroom. It seats about 90 people so I question that but other than that, I love it.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2014,8/19/2014,15,89,4,6,5>Slappin' yo mama never tasted so good! You Yelpers convinced me to give Wings Cafe a try, and I'm sure glad I did. These wings are awesome. I mean, like, really awesome. As others have noted, they're lightly breaded and perfectly fried to have a crisp outside and tender, juicy inside. The sauce flavors are delicious. My personal favorite was the Slap Yo Mama dry rub, but the voodoo and durango were also kicking my taste buds into high gear. It's true that the fries are the frozen, crinkle-cut variety, but this is about as good as frozen fries get. They're nice and crispy and don't have any awful freezer taste to them - i.e., they taste freshly made. I heartily recommend adding the slap yo mama or garlic parmesan seasoning to them for some serious flavor. The place itself is tucked away in an unassuming strip mall and is really tiny. However, it certainly isn't cramped, and the staff were exceptionally pleasant. They were very patient as I hungrily bumbled through my order, changing my mind a bazillion times. This is a townie joint, to be sure.I could go on, but the rub is this: Wings cafe is in a bitter contest with The Peanut for best wings in the city. If you want a flavor other than the traditional hot sauce/butter, you're pretty much forced to go to Wings Cafe, and that is definitely not a bad thing. Prepare to have a chicken-induced party in your mouth.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,8/18/2014,532,417,3,5,3>This is such a cute boutique clothing and accessories shop. Frock moved to downtown Overland Park just about 6 weeks ago from downtown Olathe.If you're into unique and trendy clothing and accessories, go in and check it out. There are so many interesting items, adorable tops and summer dresses. The clothes are reasonably priced for a boutique shop. Plus they have a good amount of variety.Don't miss the table with bracelets, earrings, scarves, hats and other accessories. They also have a few nice home decor items too.It's a family run shop for the most part and the gals were very friendly and helpful.I can't speak to the quality of their products as I didn't purchase anything during my first visit. But I will be back to shop again because there were so many items that caught my eye. It's certainly worth popping in to take a look. My guess is you'll walk out with something you love.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2014,8/17/2014,35,139,2,6,4>My husband and I had our first date at the original Paradise Diner at Oak Park Mall in 1995. You can imagine how excited we were to see that a new incarnation of the PB&J restaurant was opening at Prairiefire! We went in just two days after they opened for business. The staff was quick to greet us and immediately showed us to a table. Our server was very friendly and knowledgeable. We each started with a soup - my husband with the chowder and me with the tomato bisque. Both soups were very good. Just as we did on our first date, we both ordered the Cory's Chicken Salad - a specialty that has been featured at several PB&J locations over the years. The salads, as expected, met our approval. We were able to take advantage of the beautiful spring evening on the lovely little patio. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,8/16/2014,148,216,1,5,7>Thank goodness for an alternative to Penn Valley Dog Park!  I can't believe I'm so excited for a 2nd off-leash dog park in Kansas City!  Why is this only the 2nd?!  Ugh...anyway...Boomer, my grumpy and unenergetic cocker spaniel, is indifferent to dog parks.  I used to drag him to Penn Valley once a day but he's just not into it.  Maybe because of all the big dogs trying to hump him?  He won't even play with other dogs, he just kind of sits there and silently judges them.  So the first time we went to Swope Park, I didn't have any high expectations.  We walked through the gate and at first it seemed like the same old thing.  I threw the ball down the hill, which he ran after, but he never brings it back so he's kind of an asshole at playing fetch.  But the real treat was when we started walking around the trail.  The hills and trees and the terrain apparently thrilled Boomer!  He took off running and leaping through the landscape like I'd never seen him do before.  He was so excited and happy!  He even made a couple of rounds around the same area, hopping over a small creek bed as if we were out hunting in the woods.  As we made our way around the outside of the park on the trail, he ran around happily, always keeping an eye on me before running ahead.  I've never seen him like this, certainly not at Penn Valley where I have to practically force him to walk around with me.  He turned into a completely different dog!The only problem here is we can only come when the ground is completely dry.  Boomer is, after all, a cocker spaniel with hair like a sponge and ears that pick up everything off the ground like a Hoover.  This is absolutely our favorite park to go to now!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,8/15/2014,86,438,6,8,6>I still love Longboards. I will always love Longboards. If you can call ahead, I think that is the best option, since these are made to order. These aren't exactly the quickest to whip together (sorry, this isn't Subway)... but man, that wait is worth it. I'm mainly updating this review because I have since had the infamous Mac Wrap. And it was amazing. Spicy, cheesy, and packed with everything glorious known to man, it was definitely the hands down best thing on the menu, but alas it is only a special so it isn't available all the time. A word of warning, however, while almost everything on the menu is customizable to be vegetarian (you can sub out any protein for tofu or just more vegetables.. just say, for example, Cabo Tofu or Cabo Veggie instead), the Mac Wrap is tragically not an option to make vegetarian since the sausage is cooked with the mac and cheese. This news was the worst I've ever heard in my life. I stared at the poor worker creepily for far too long without saying anything while I questioned in my life what vegetarian really meant to me. I almost gave it up for the holy Mac Wrap, but managed to pull myself together and kept my morals in tact. So please, eat 12 Mac Wraps for me the next time you see them on special. And when it doubt, Cabo Tofu. THE BEST.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,8/14/2014,421,655,7,9,6>Okay I know what you are thinking five stars and it's the DMV, Scott you have lost your freaking mind! I have to tell you I think this is one thing Kansas government has gotten correct.Gone are the days you queued up in this ridiculous single line and then get sent to the waiting area from hell. Gone are the smileless DMV automata, who never hear a single word you say. Gone are the we take one form of payment and it had better be filled out exactly as we want it to be.You always approach your license renewal with some trepidation. Because your past experiences burned upon your neural network come racing back with color images, ill feelings and the smells of humanities mass all coming to do the same thing. But use the new text ahead feature. You don't have to even leave your house. You will get text updates as to your position in the line. When you get to the warning which represents your drive time head on out.Be sure you have your documentation in tow. Kansas requires more than one piece of documentation assuring you are you. Your driver's license is not enough. So grab a couple of utility bills with your name on them and your address and you are good to go. Now the oddest thing about this licensing station is it's inside the Great Mall which is not so great. However, I applaud the state for picking a place where rent is sure to be lower and hey it brings a guaranteed steady flow of people to a struggling business environment which I know the business owners trying to get a start at that mall appreciate.You do have a brief queue when you arrive. The person greeting makes sure you have your documentation and that you have gotten in line. Your queue number is the last four digits of your phone number if you have texted ahead. If you have not, well now you go to the kiosk and get a line number. You will have an estimated wait time. I timed mine pretty well and waited less than 10 minutes. If you get in the kiosk line it will tell you how many are ahead and give you a wait time. Here is where the mall is nice. You don't have to wait in those dumb plastic chairs. This mall has the strangest collection of shops, services and food establishments. If you have a long wait and brought the kids there are a lot of kid entertainment options near by.  When I was called to window 5 I was greeted by the friendliest workers. She asked what I needed. I told her. She said read line 5 on the eye chart machine. Then sent me to the light blue background. She said smile if you'd like and flash. We chatted a bit as she clipped my old license and printed out my temp. I paid with a card. They take all of them. And BAM I was done in less than 10 minutes. This was Soooo awesome. I am glad there is one thing our government has done to make a drudgery better. I could not have been more pleased. I don't know what they will do in the next six years until my next required visit, but I do not have any animosity about heading over and doing it now.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,8/13/2014,247,223,2,10,3>Better than I had expected, for many reasons.First the parking:  a large lot directly behind the bar.Then the jazz: excellent.  Three of us met to have dinner there, and we all agreed that the jazz was first rate.Then the prices.  Happy hour is until 7 pm, but they start serving dinner at 6 pm.  We arrived at 6 pm to have dinner with happy hour prices on drinks, including discounts on the house wines.Then the food.  The menu is not upscale, but the choices are varied and the ingredients high quality.  The salads included very fresh veggies, the tilapia was good, as were the black beans and brown rice.  We asked for changes in preparations, and they were very accommodating.We were there on a day when there was a band starting at 5:30 pm.  But it is best to call in advance to make sure you know who is performing and when.  What they have online is not always accurate.  For example, when we looked, we found a statement that there is live jazz from 4 pm most days.  When we called, that was not what we were told.  But since we called in advance, we knew what to expect and on what days.  We were completely happy about everything. We'll be back, for sure.  If you call in advance, I think you will be equally as happy.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,8/12/2014,29,29,3,6,2>Myself and two of my friends are transplants from San Diego. They introduced me to this place as "one of the only places to get real tacos." They're tacos are street-taco size (meaning, on the smaller side), but BOMB. Their meat is flavorful and not dry at all, and tastes quality (sometimes cheap Mexican food can have waxy or chewy meat - NOT the case at this place!) Their tacos have a good balance of moist but not greasy. I also had a torta, which was super good. I had their cake as well, which was really good and creamy (but if you aren't used to the texture of this type, you might not like it - it's not a regular fluffy cake). My friends go here so often that the guy knows them! I think we'd all recommend it.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,8/11/2014,15,38,2,6,2>Best late night food anywhere in KC. There is nothing bad about this place; I have no complaints. I usually wind up there at 3am on a Saturday or Sunday morning, eating breakfast foods smothered in spicy, southern-style gravy. This is how to do YJ's. Walk in, ask the person behind the counter what they have to eat. If it's late-night they usually have a couple plates of food left from their dinner special. If it's the weekend, they likely have food prepped for the next morning, so you can get breakfast. They'll customize your breakfast anyway you want it. Want the biscuit gravy on top of a egg sandwich instead? Done.  Get a cup of coffee - it's delish. And grab a fizzy drink or a juice to go from the drinks fridge in the back - you'll want that later. The menu is small, but EVERYTHING is delicious. My favorites are the African Dinner plate and the Fried Fish with red beans & rice. Place your order, fix your coffee, have a seat inside or outside, but keep your money in your pocket. Someone will bring you your food and you'll pay when you've finished eating. I suggest trying YJ's at different times of day and different days of the week. Try a Sunday breakfast, a Wednesday lunch, and a late-night snack on Friday. See which you prefer - I dare you not to become a regular.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,8/10/2014,31,184,2,7,2>I have been going to Don for over 15 years now, with every Honda that I have owned, going all the way back to my 89 Accord, my 98 Civic and my 08 Civic.  Don will not do unnecessary work.  Don might call you after he works on your car to make sure it's doing ok.  Don will do little things for free, because he appreciates you as a customer and wants your business.  Don will squeeze you in when he already has 15 other cars ahead of yours.  Don will drive your car around the block to see if he can hear that strange noise you've been hearing.  Don will not nickle and dime you.  Don will not over charge you.  Don will not ask you if you want an airfilter with your oil change.  Don is the man.  period.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,8/9/2014,146,179,5,5,4>New favorite bar? Yes!  New favorite drink in the city? Yes!  Best place to watch the Kentucky Derby on the whole plant?  Well, no that's clearly Churchill Downs... In all seriousness though, this place is legit.  Not to self promote too much, but as a Tar Heel, I know a good Julep (it's a graduation requirement), and Julep makes them up in spades.  We landed there this past Derby Day and it could not have been any better!  I'm pretty sure I was blown off my feet with my first Traditional order, and then enjoyed each of the next 6 just as much.  I really could not be happier that I can get a quality, well made Julep here in KC.  With that said, I have sampled a few other drinks and these guys know what there doing with Bourbon.  Of course if you are anything like me or well, anyone, you have to have a bite or two of something when you hit 4 or more stiff drinks.  Well they have that covered too.  I highly recommend their deviled eggs.  The bar itself is right up my alley aesthetically, and quite a few others too from how busy it always is.   I have though been able to grab a seat or get some space at the bar each time I have visited.  The staff make sure that everyone is taken care of and the level at which the bar tenders perform their craft is just, well awesome.  Well now I'm craving a Julep so....
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,8/8/2014,292,268,5,7,5>Beautiful store filled with awesome product all wrapped in the sweetness and passion of the owner can be found at Season + Square!What an amazing boutique store specializing in kitchen and pantry goods found tucked in a corner of Brookside.  All a big bonus to me since I can walk to the shop!  This store makes it easy to buy a beautiful gift for a loved one or a great local store to supply ones own need of specialty food, drink, spices and kitchenware.Great customer service backed by knowledge and passion.Go check this place out, it's a treat.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2014,8/7/2014,144,123,4,7,3>Nothing gets my rocks off more than a tiny burrito shop with questionable cleanliness. I mean... the place was clean yes, but its tagged onto a gas station which gives that wonderful trucker feel. This place specialized in burritos, including breakfast ones, but has a few appetizers and other options.Basically if you can think of a burrito, this place has it. There are a ton of combinations. I got a spicy chicken burrito with a green sauce. It was big, came with chips and had just the right amount of spice to it. The green sauce was heavy on green peppers (probably why its green, hu?) and the chips were solid. Its served in a paper bag so you know its legit.It just so happens that BTG is a decent bike ride from my place so its a great motivator to get on the pedals. Theres no better goal than knowing a big fat burrito awaits you at the midpoint. Check it out and if you so desire get drunk at Helen's JAD first!
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,8/6/2014,48,107,8,12,11>Wow, did Jon Taffer from Bar Rescue transformed the old Velvet Dog?  The Velvet Dog was dirty, smelly, and sticky.  This is a complete 180 degree change, the rooms are now opened up with rustic bar decors and beautiful furnishing.  It is now considered a proper Whisky house, with in house barrel aged spirits and lots of whisk(e)y options.The apps and happy hour menu are very good as well.  The Pub Nachos consist of homemade potato chips, the Confit (HOT) Chicken Wings are loaded with habanero, and the Calamari  was delicious.  I'm looking forward to come back to try the barrel aged whisk(e)y (when it's ready) and supper dishes.Overall great bar, great drinks, and amazing service (kudos to April for taking care of a big group of us, service was prompt and professional).This is a needed change for this area.  Come check it out KC.Cheers...
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2014,8/5/2014,57,364,1,4,4>One of my coworkers, he's my new favorite now, brought in breakfast burritos for the department. Oh. My. Gawd. That was just awesome. For one thing, they were still warm when the burritos got here. They were packed especially for traveling in a large, lidded aluminum container. It seems like a small thing but what a huge difference over a plastic bag when it comes to keeping things warm. The tortilla was grilled, sporting a little bit of char around the edges, and filled with egg, onions, peppers, potato, and bacon. There were 2 sauces, a red and a green. The green is the big star, bright and tangy and rocket hot. Looking over the menu I see that they have a good variety. Everything from tacos and enchiladas (including mole!), to cuban and brisket sandwiches. I can't wait to try this place out for lunch!
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,8/4/2014,87,110,3,2,4>I heard about Em Chamas through a relative who, upon hearing us grieve about our financial trouble after eating away a months worth of groceries at Foga de Chao, suggested it as a more affordable option with just as high quality food and still getting the awesome Brazilian Steakhouse experience. Em Chamas does not disappoint! A fun, friendly, and courteous waitstaff alongside wonderful food, what more could you ask for in a restaurant?! I also love that this place is locally owned and operated. You can see that they take pride in the restaurant. Goodbye Foga! I appreciated the meal, but I'm sticking with Em Chamas in the future!
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,8/3/2014,33,25,13,48,10>Myself and four friends ate here on April 2nd while celebrating a handful of April birthdays. We decided to go family style so we could try as much of the menu as possible. We began with a round of cocktails. I ordered their Boulevardier but requested that the bartender make it with Aperol rather than Campari. I was politely told this was no problem and the resulting drink was excellently made. Call me what you will but I like a sweet finish with my rye. For our first "course," everyone at the table ordered a dish and we proceeded to split each item evenly over the table. I'll review each dish below:Chile Relleno, Crab filled - holy decadent and rich. This was absolutely delicious. By the end we all just wanted to pick up the last bit of our hands and bite right in.P.E.I. Mussels and Calamari - exactly what you would expect. These were cooked well but the real highlight here was the bread and thai coconut green curry that filled the boat. The freshly grilled crusty bread and the sweetness of the coconut was a perfect finisher. We had to ask our server for more bread to really get after it.There was a quesadilla special last night that we tried, which was also quite good but the ingredients are eluding me. Perhaps beet and kale served with a sweet-savory sauce that paired nicely.A member of the table also ordered the soup which I was unable to try but the reviews on that end were all positive. We finished our cocktails at this point and ordered a bottle of red to go with our second round of selections.Trofie Pasta - this was amazing. I'm a bit biased as a life-long carb fan but the flavor here paired with the egg was perfect. I would swim in a pool of this stuff and die happy.Steak Diane - oddly enough this was my least favorite that came with my highest expectations. Hanger steak can be a little tough but some places really do it right. At Voltaire, the meat just wasn't tender enough for me to rate it highly.Banh Mi - first and foremost, I was surprised that this dish is quite literally a sandwich. While good, I think some time spent reimagining this dish would serve it well. All of the ingredients fit together as planned, I think I was just thrown by the fact it was served almost deli style.Fois Gras - We called this the Fois-ffle by the end of the night due to the unique way of serving the liver on a buckwheat and chive waffle. Very unique. I think ultimately my favorite way of crushing fois gras is on brioche with a little bit of pomegranate but this was an interesting remix and all in all, was quite good.There's one more dish in here that I'm forgetting or not recognizing from the current menu. We may have ordered another special.For dessert, the group went with the creme brulee, lemon tart and chocolate walnut cake. I would push new diners toward the first two as the cake was a little stiff and not as rich as we were hoping.Our service from host to bartender to server was timely, friendly and accurate. She did a wonderful job. All in all I would highly recommend Voltaire for drinks as their cocktail menu is well fashioned, or dinner. Great place!*edited because I failed to proofread.*not editing but I was politely informed that bahn mi is supposed to be a sandwich and I'm an idiot. #honesty. Thanks fellow yelper and buddy Mike Farrell.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,8/2/2014,28,134,6,6,6>Holy Moly I can't believe I've lived in KC for a decade and hadn't been to McLain's yet. My girlfriend lives right down the street and kept insisting that I needed to try McLain's but it never seemed to happen. I am so glad it finally did. On my visit I gracefully ate (who am I kidding..inhaled) a butter roll (like a cinnamon roll minus the cinnamon), some kind of almond cheese danishy thing, and an M&M cookie. All three things were delicious. The butter roll was filling without being dense and the danish was flaky with just the right amount of cheese. The cookie was delicious as well--I ate that later that day with a glass of Shatto Root Beer Milk--highly recommend that combo. I feel like I should just go out now and buy new pants because I forsee quite a few Saturday mornings starting at McLain's.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,8/1/2014,62,87,3,13,7>Korma Sutra is an Indian buffet that is a very good value for the money and is a fantastic lunch.Korma Sutra is hidden in the shopping center just off of College and Metcalf in Overland Park.  It's a small space, with about a dozen tables, but you can put the spacing issues aside for the caliber of the food.  I don't know if there is a menu for ordering because every time I have gone I just get the buffet.  As with traditional buffets, there is a stack of clean plates and flatware that is adjacent to the bar of hot dishes.  I'm not sure how often the selections change on the buffet, but on my most recent visit I had tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala, a chicken fried rice dish, goat curry, saag chana (spinach and chickpeas), mutter paneer (peas and cheese in a cream sauce), vegetable pakorahs, and a couple of other selections, all rich and flavorful, and I think there were still a couple of items I did not sample.  The tandoori chicken was especially good with plump drumsticks and thighs evoking a smoky flavor from their time in the hot Indian oven.  The vegetable pakorahs were good, but I tend to prefer mine a little more crispy-brown, whereas these were about 30-60 seconds short of that.  In addition to all of the entrée items, the buffet bar also features several sweet items including gulab jamun (fried milk balls in a sweet syrup, served warm), rice pudding, and fresh fruit.  For the vegetarian-conscious, I believe that four of the dishes were vegetarian, with the non-veg dishes primarily containing chicken and goat in the curry.I like that inclusive of the lunch buffet one also gets mango lassi, chai tea, naan bread, and ice cream (though I would argue that this was probably ice-milk, but it was pistachio, so I'm not complaining), all of which are brought to your table during and throughout your lunch.  In fact, it is almost like having an overbearing grandmother feeding you, since the tea and lassi are re-filled frequently, the ice cream comes out at fairly regular intervals, and hot fresh naan will get deposited at your table even as you have pushed back your chair to rub your belly and lament your over-indulgence.  One small word of warning at this full-court food press - when we were last there the owner / manager was playing a joke on customers by distributing what he termed "sweet naan", even going so far as to say that it has brown sugar in it.  Well, it may possibly have brown sugar, but it's really stuffed with spices and ground chiles - a hot bite to say the least, though one that can be quenched with lassi and more food. Just a warning, especially to those who aren't expecting it.All-in-all, a very good lunch buffet experience, good enough that I would consider making the 35-minute drive from Lawrence just to have it.  We had lunch there on a Sunday, and after tax our bill was ~$13 per person.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,7/31/2014,64,41,15,6,3>Guys. I'm a carb nut. A carb enthusiast. Okay, I'm a fatty and wish I could bake a giant house made of bread and eat my way out of it.Bloom Baking Co. is a GREAT place. On weekends during the farmer's market, they have a stand out in front of their bakery with samples you can taste. I ALWAYS get the Olive bread, it's delicious! I'll seriously stand over my sink and eat that delicious loaf made from angel dust and mermaid tears.Also, their balsamic vinegar is to die for! They even have a raspberry flavor. Now, the prices are... meh. But, I'm telling you, this place is worth it. If you love bread. Go here. Be Happy.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,7/30/2014,83,68,6,5,6>In the heart of Westport, Beer Kitchen brings a casual and hipster eatery at the most hipster place in Kansas City. This place was poppin' when my party and I stopped by for brunch on a Sunday afternoon after Easter Mass at our church down the street. We had called in advance to check on seatings, luckily we beat the rushed and their was one table left for us. I've been to Beer Kitchen several times before for late night outings and bar hopping (they have TONS of beer), never for brunch. Excited as I was, hearing great things about their brunch menu the reviews and word of mouth did not disappoint! We were greeted with a lovely hostess whom I swear looked no other than Taylor Swift! Thus the start of our brunch started off well! The table next to us ordered the Chicken and Waffles plate that looked amazingly delicious, it sold me for wanting to try it. My 2 friends ordered the Green Eggs and Ham and I forget the other dish. To spice things up I also went for a mimosa, and boy were those strong! Definitely getting your monies worth! We started off with Stockyard Fries (bbq burnt ends, smoked Gouda fondue, caramelized onions and pickled relish) on top of fries! My Chicken and Waffles were one of the best I'd ever had, crispy chicken and fluffy waffles. Can not go wrong there. My friends dishes were amazing as well and they pack on lots of food! The only thing that probably bothered us were how greasy everything was. Our brunch was for sure not for those with heart disease!Overall we had a great brunch experience at one of KC's finest casual eateries. Our server checked on us often but was not over baring, food came out quick! Probably what I was impress with the most. With how busy they were, we probably waited no more than 8 minutes for our food.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,7/29/2014,46,82,3,7,4>So, think you might be dying? Stop by here. I have had pneumonia for the past couple months. I have been making my rounds through the different departments and I have a VIP card in the ER now. I spent time in the cafeteria. So, I think I can give a fair assessment. I really like it. They are very technologically advanced. They are apart of the coolest app called MyChart. It keeps track of everything. You can bring up your all your medicine and statistics. You can send emails to your doctors. You can bring up all your test results. Forgot when you had a tuberculosis shot - it is there. When do you need to have a yearly physical or mammogram? Yep, that is there too. When did you go to the pulmonary doctor? Boom. At your fingertips. I never wait eight days to get in the ER. I never have that feeling of dread. Like the person helping me might accidentally kill me. They are proficient. My veins are temperamental like me. I don't get stuck five times. They communicate within each other. I don't have five people coming to get me for the same test. All my doctors are pretty good. They still call you ( isn't that old school) to check up on you. The nurses call on appointments. They have everything you need. It's rare that you have to go anywhere for something else. The one time I did, I had a ever better result. So if your third party people are an example of who they are as a staff. I will continue to never go anywhere else or even be concerned with another specialist. I will stay in house, thank you!
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,7/28/2014,182,452,5,7,8>GuaranaFarofaFeijoadaThree things to familiarize yourself with because in Brazil, damn those people know how to eat!I started coming here several months ago to just stop in and pick up Guarana which is sort of the 7-Up of Brazil I call it. It's very popular there, a refreshing soda drink made from the juice of guarana which is a climbing plant native to the Amazon (river, basin, not the web site, nitwits!). First had it on a trip there about 25 years ago and have been hooked on it since. Now my daughter and her friends request it so two cases in the car today. NOTE: pricey at $20 for 12 cans but it's made in Brazil and shipped here. I don't touch Coke, Pepsi, 7-Up or any sodas but I will drink Guarana.Farofa is a a toasted manioc flour mixture that is commonly served with meals there. I love it over rice and beans and that was exactly what was on my plate today for lunch there. Unfortunately they were out of it in the small grocery section or it would have been making the trip home with me.Feijoada is a slow cooked, savory bean dish made with all kinds of smoked and "offal" cuts of meat in Brazil. It was a slave dish originally dreamed up out of necessity and is typically served only on special occasions these days. TOBM will be serving it next weekend and unfortunately I can't make it which irks me to no end!So, I officially fell in love with this place today during lunch over a plate of perfectly wonderful black beans and rice, seasoned just the way I love them, a couple of cuts of nice garlic-laden sausage and a small salad. Nice scoop of Farofa over the beans and rice. Heaven.The sandwiches and other dishes served here now have much more of my attention and after a brilliant lunch eaten outside in the sun today I was ready to melt. Take me to Brazil, please. Or if not, the River Market in Kansas City will do just fine.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2014,7/27/2014,54,211,4,4,5>I can't believe I'm reviewing a restaurant, albeit a tiny one, on a cookie. But I am.I noticed an Open sign in that long-empty stall as we were leaving the City Market and had to investigate. "Another sandwich place?" I thought. "How will they make it here?" Then I saw "Build your own tamale" on the menu board and had to find out more. Since we'd already Blue Niled for lunch, ordering anything today was out of the question. Then I saw it.Bourbon Bacon Chocolate Chip Cookie.They'd just sold the last one, but even though it was 2:30 and Market was packing to go home, the guy offered to bake us some more. Pray that happens to you, because they were warm and still gooey in the inside, a little bit chewy around the edges. Instead of bacon pieces mixed in, they're topped with a strip of bacon, which requires a bit more work on your part, but you really do taste the salty-sweet magic. And unlike so many allegedly "spiked" desserts, you can really taste the bourbon. The sandwich list looks intriguing, especially the crab cake and salmon. I've already built my tamale in my head-sweet corn with short rib. And a bourbon bacon chocolate chip cookie chaser.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,7/26/2014,43,112,2,4,4>For my 100th review I wanted to do something that is near and dear to my heart.  I cannot say enough good things about Sporting Park and Sporting KC.  I wish all professional and college sports took fan experience as seriously as Sporting.  The stadium itself is a remarkable, first class facility.  So nice throughout and the seats are better than any stadium I've ever been in.  Plenty of food options (BBQ, Grinders), bathrooms, Sporting KC merchandise, and seating options.  They have the Coors Light Corner where you pay about double what a regular ticket costs, but it includes food/drink.  The Cauldron is a wild group of passionate soccer fans.  All of them have plenty of leg room.  Also they have FREE parking!!!!  For what it costs to park your car at Arrowhead you can buy a ticket to the Sporting match.  Two large video screens on each end line, interactive fan experience, not to mention a great product on the pitch itself.  My wife and daughters could care less about attending sporting events, but the product is so good with Sporting they get excited to go to a match.  It is also family friendly as opposed to going to a Chiefs game.  Really, really enjoy going and spending an evening.  I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN...I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN...I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN!!!!!!!!!  GO SPORTING.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,7/25/2014,96,108,5,5,4>Sunday night is Zen Zero night in our house and draught beer is on special for $3.00 a (American) pint. Not a huge selection, a pale ale, a wheat, and a seasonal (Oktoberfest, Irish Red), I ordered the Irish Red Ale (normally $4.00), a flavorful deep amber ale.The Fried Pork Momos ($4.79) are much tastier and less healthy than the steamed variety, coming with four dumplings and two sauces, a mildly spicy red tomato chutney and a spicy sesame chutney that reminded me of very well-blended hummus.  The Fried Chicken Spring Rolls (chicken spring rolls that are deep fried - $4.29) come with a sweet and spicy sauce infused with chili peppers, but for the price I would expect more than two, both of which were consumed post haste.  They were savory and crunchy, containing cabbage, bean sprouts, and a few other unknown vegetables, and, beside the small portion, they were also excellent. The chicken satay ($4.99) is also good with four skewers of grilled chicken accompanied by a decadent peanut sauce and zesty onion and cucumber relish.On a recent visit I wanted to try the Green Thai Curry ($7.69 - green curry with bell peppers, eggplant, and bamboo shoots), but I hate bamboo shoots because they have the consistency of Styrofoam and zero taste, so I asked the server (Zana) if I could substitute potatoes.  Yellow and green Thai curries are excellent and normally are served with chicken, pork, or beef (chicken is the norm) with potato and peas, so I was dismayed when I saw bamboo shoots as an ingredient. Bamboo shoots and water chestnuts, another dreaded ingredient, are usually found in Chinese cuisine, not Thai, so I thought potatoes would be a rather benign request. I was told that there would be a $1.00 up-charge for substituting potato for bamboo shoots!  Considering the fact that potatoes are one of the cheapest staples in the produce department and much more pricey than an equal weight in potatoes, I declined and simply asked for the dish minus the water chestnuts and plus beef ($2.69 extra).  The green curry was delicious, spicy enough for the pallet but not too much for my acid reflux.  The bell peppers (red and green) were a bit too crunchy (raw) for my taste, but the dish was excellent. The "Jasmine" rice, which accompanies most dishes, seems to be merely white rice because I could neither taste nor see any hints of Jasmine.  The beef, which I paid nearly $3.00 extra for, consisted of 3 or 4 pieces of thinly sliced beef and 1-2 inches in length, nearly non-existent.  If there had been MORE MEAT, the dish would have been perfect, beside the fact that a couple of chunks of potato would have also been nice!The Phad Thai ($7.29), a classic Thai stir-fry with rice noodles, eggs, bean sprouts, scallions, cilantro and peanuts in a mild red curry sauce, was robust and delicious.  Looking much like an Italian pasta dish, it had nothing else in common with Italian cuisine other than the noodles, and was perfectly seasoned.  The vegetables were well cooked and not raw, the dish was sprinkled with small chunks of peanuts and stir-fried in a mild red curry sauce, for a vegetarian dish it was scrump-diddly-umptious!The Dry Chicken Curry Thakali-style ($8.99) is a traditional Nepalese curry made with onions, ginger, garlic, garam masala and tomato, served with jasmine rice, rahar ko dal (yellow lentils) and potato achar. The achar sat atop the dish and was oddly cold, so I asked the server if that was the intention and it was, looking and tasting like Nepalese potato salad. With quite a few chicken chunks throughout, the dish was my least favorite of all my meals so far, somewhat boring with a bit of bite and too much jasmine rice for the amount of sauce.Zen Zero has become a staple in our house and we will be returning frequently in the future, so expect updates to this review as I try the red, yellow, and "dry" curries, among other dishes, in upcoming months. Good restaurants are not abundant in Lawrence, particularly downtown, but Zen Zero is a welcome addition!CombatCritic Updates Zen Zero To 9 OUT OF 10 BOMBS ... Bombs are good!
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2014,7/24/2014,103,158,2,6,6>So, on a whim we find out that they open the gates early and have a fireworks show before a movie double feature on the 4th of July.  You can bring your pet, you can bring your own cooler, and you can bring your own dinner in (but gas or charcoal grills are prohibited).  It costs $10 per adult.  Kids 11 and under are free.I knew to show up early to get good parking.  The gates opened at 7PM.  We got there at 7:10PM, and the middle of the amphitheater from front to back was already full.  We still got a good spot though.  We were able to bust out the tailgate chairs, open the hatch, and turn on audio to the Royals game in the car.  We enjoyed a few beers and munchies while we watched the place get full to the gills.They play oldies music on their in-house sound system all the way up until showtime.  We were still able to clearly hear the Royals game from our hatch, and it didn't seem to bother the people around us that we were listening to the game.So, my thought is that this is gonna be a cheesy, neighborhood quality fireworks show.  Was I ever wrong!  Not only was it a professional fireworks show, it went on and on and on and on and on and on.  The fireworks show lasted 45 minutes or better.  Not at all what I expected from an independently owned drive in theater.  To be able to tailgate outside my car, sit comfortably, and watch a fireworks show that is so close to you that soot from the fireworks lands on you is nothing short of kick ass.This will be a new tradition for us.  Boulevard Drive In does 4th of July up right!
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,7/23/2014,181,143,2,13,2>Having lived in Southern California for more than 17 years of my life, I have grown accustomed to authentic Chinese restaurants. I have to say that ABC café is one of the few in the Kansas City area that can be labeled as an authentic Chinese Restaurant. To be specific, ABC Café serves Cantonese cuisine so don't expect Panda Express type dishes. The menu is not separated into meats, rice, noodles, or starters. Instead, it is structured into different price ranges. You have dim sum that ranges from $2.88 per dish to $5.88 per dish. The main entrees (or labeled as Specialties) are broken down into $7.88 to $10.88 price ranges. Notice that the prices end in the number 8, a lucky number in Chinese culture. Their dim sum is served all day but not via traditional carts. It is made to order like other dishes.The dim sum is quite good. I prefer it much more than Bo Ling's, which is the only other restaurant that I know of that serves dim sum. The siu mai (steamed dumplings) is my favorite. I have heard that the chicken feet is also good. There are other typical dim sum dishes such as BBQ pork buns, scallion pancakes, egg tarts, etc.Other dishes worth mentioning:-ABC chicken: kind of a mix of orange chicken and sweet & sour chicken. Pretty good-Salted fish hot pot: delicious flavor and served in a hot pot so be careful.-chow fun: a very good blend of noodles and soy sauce based seasoning.-Salt & pepper tofu: my favorite as it is hard to season tofu well in my opinion.-shrimp & egg fried rice: good amount of garlic and seasoning but I wish the shrimp was de-veined.As with most Chinese foods, you will be consuming a hefty amount of oil. That is why they serve you Jasmine tea instead of water, a must in Chinese cuisine. Of course, you can request water or order pop products. The service is pretty good. I overheard a party complaining at a table in front of me about a mistake in their to-go order and the owner came by and was very apologetic and even offered them free dishes. Chinese hospitality! ABC Café is a restaurant that I can frequent as I crave authentic Chinese food on a regular bases. The only negative I find is the very small location. I wish they would expand to a larger space as it is difficult to find a seat during high peak service.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,7/22/2014,76,303,4,6,6>This is my favorite liquor store! Just freakin' amazing! Why? Maybe let's just start with a list:-Fairly extensive wine selection of varying price ranges and varieties to make any wino happy!-Ability to build your own 6 pack-Rum, rum, rum, rum! Holy crap, people! An entire row of nothing but various types and flavors of rum! Who does that? -Overall selection: If they don't have it, probably nobody else in the area does, either!-Clean store that is laid out well so you can get in and out in a hurry if you like.-Friendly and helpful staff-They sometimes even have tastings during the day on the weekends. It's totally MDL's fault that I now know that I love limoncello. Probably wouldn't have ever known that if I hadn't tried it there.Yes, I do check out other liquor stores every once in a while, but I have never found one that I prefer to MDL.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,7/21/2014,88,148,3,3,2>I love this place. The food here is always good and the owner/cook is awesome. They make everything here from scratch and I've never had a bad experience. I usually stick to the Ethiopian portion of the menu and it's some of the best I've had. They also have a Jamaican/Caribbean section on the menu as well. If you are looking to make your taste buds happy, check out Awaze. (They are closed on Mondays)
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,7/20/2014,151,486,1,7,4>As the only World War I museum, I'm very proud that it's in KC. This by FAR has the best view of the city.  You can spend as much time at the top and enjoy the view, but there's not a lot of room and if you are claustrophobic, this may be a huge problem.  There are so many cool things.  It starts with a short video, then you make your way in a circle that follows the timeline of how the war started.  In the middle, you watch another short video about how the US got involved.  Then you end the circle with more history and even get to see a tank.  There are some great finds along the way and they do a great job of pulling you in and keeping your attention.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,7/19/2014,43,125,1,10,6>Second Best:    "It means inferior, next best, next to best, nothing special, second-rate"                                      -or-"A less adequate or less desirable alternative"                                                                              The phrase "Second best" also implies being next in quality or importance to the best......Like Scott T mentioned, Second Best Coffee is runner-up to who? Are they second-best to every coffee shop south of Westport? Are they second-best to all specialty coffee shops west of the state line? Or could 'Second-Best Coffee' actually be looked upon as the second-best coffee shop in all of Kansas City?........... Interesting questions.After three visits (and many more to come), I'd put this debate to bed by simply placing 'Second Best Coffee' in the same category as the Elite coffee shops stretching from St. Louis down through Springfield and Tulsa, in addition to encompassing everything back up into Topeka, Kansas. No hyperbole. Owner Nathan Anderson and IMO one of the top three Baristas in the Midwest; Phil are an every day presence in this Waldo masterpiece of a coffee shop. Nathan pulled no punches by bringing in some of the finest coffee shop equipment in the entire coffee industry. Just as important is the demeanor and attitude present at Second Best. Don't come expecting to receive the ever-present pretentious and/or stand-offish personalities that are common in other coffee shops. These guys love coffee and openly share their passion with customers. Watching Phil work the customized espresso machine known as the "Slayer" and topping off the drinks with skillfully crafted latte art is worth every visit. The espressos are wonderfully sweet and void of bitterness. The cappuccinos are made to perfection evident with PROPERLY steamed milk resulting in micro-foam that produces the creamy matrix of tiny bubbles you see in the picture posted.  Rarely will you find a properly prepared cappuccino in these parts outside the well established coffee players in KC. Likewise, the pour-over coffees, lattes, cortados (e.g. gibralters), and macchiatos have all been excellent on many levels. Second Best offers a rotating variety of coffees and espresso from some of the best coffee roasters in the United States. Olympia Coffee, Kuma, Dogwood, and many others will make their way through the coffee shop. The major concern with rotating different coffee roasters in and out of any coffee shop is "consistency". Each variety of coffee bean from different roasters has unique profiles which require familiarity in addition to tweaking/fine tuning to produce the best cups possible. This can often take weeks or months to perfect. But, Second Best has shown no signs of inconsistency on my visits or from what others are saying. Again, this screams of skillful knowledge and the constant pursuit of quality regardless of guest roaster.The giant pastries are always on point and freshly prepared on a daily basis. What more needs to be said about the burritos? Who would have thought "Local Pig" and coffee would be a match made in heaven? Obviously PT's at the Crossroads has taken notice because word is out that PT's is using Local Pig exclusively for their new KC location.  The exterior of this Waldo strip mall does NOTHING for the true beauty that awaits walking inside Second Best Coffee. One of my favorite company's in Kansas City; Utilitarian Workshop did wonders on the inside. Absolutely love the dark wood panels/planks that adorn the walls. The darker reddish paint scheme pops when paired with the rustic wood and soft lighting. The white wall behind the counter actually meshes well by breaking up the dark schematics for those of you insistent on brighter interiors. The bike theme is a nice touch indeed. The bar in itself is a thing of beauty. As mentioned, the Slayer espresso machine is a beast and jumps out with it's customized deep orange paint job! I could stare at that thing all day ;) Without a doubt, if Second Best Coffee were located in Midtown KC; the River Market area; Westport;  or even the Plaza.......they would be the talk of the town! But for those that can get beyond the modest location and somewhat cluttered neighborhood that people think of when you hear "Waldo", Second Best Coffee is without argument another jewell on the Kansas City specialty coffee scene.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,7/18/2014,56,75,3,7,5>This place is awesome!  If I could give it one million stars, I would. The staff is always friendly and very knowledgeable on ALL of the products that they sell.   My husband and I subscribe to a weekly 5lb butcher's box.  This box is perfect to feed the two of us for one week.   The boxes come with an assortment of meats, plus a sausage, a charcuterie and prepared meal.  Getting this box has made weekly meal planning a lot easier and provides us with an opportunity to eat local delicious meats.The Local Pig also offers an assortment of meat preparing classes to the public.  For his birthday, my husband took the sausage making class.  He really enjoyed his experience and the staff.  He walked away with a variety of sausages from this class.  All of them were delicious.  We look forward to taking a whole hog butchering class soon.Again,  I can not say enough good things about this place.   The quality, service and just the overall experience is awesome.   We enjoy our weekly visits to this place and plan on being loyal customers for years to come.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2014,7/17/2014,47,38,,4,2>Just what the Northland needs!I live in midtown but work in the northland quite a bit and if there's one thing lacking up there its locally owned and operated joints. I'm tired of searching for 'coffee around me' and only getting Starbucks and Caribou.The name really says it all! This place is loaded with direct and fair trade coffees, teas and other goodies. Like most of these places the owner has been to the plantations and visits the family's that directly touch and impact his coffees so his passion and care radiates throughout the shop. The friendly staff and instant recognition really start your visit here off with a since of belonging :)The drinks are all very affordable priced and the smoothies are simple and delicious! They make allot of the baked goods in house and even offer a frequent shoppers card. By the way, when you order a large to enjoy there you better be prepared for a Giant ceramic mug that makes you feel like you should be sitting on a Colorado back porch.  Overall the coffee is pretty good, the prices are just right and location is right where it should be. Also there is a EV charge point at the Price Chopper right behind the shop.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,7/16/2014,65,171,2,5,4>Blue Koi is one of those restaurants that come up as an option whenever my husband and I are trying to decide where to go out to eat but ultimately go somewhere else. However, we finally decided to come back here for lunch the other day wondered why we didn't come here more often.We started off our meal like we have done the other times we have come to Blue Koi--with pork pan fried dumplings and lettuce wraps. The flavors both appetizers were wonderfully savory and the textures were spot-on. My husband's Chinese Pot Roast with handmade noodles was delicious as always. I decided to forgo my usual order of duck soup with noodles (which was always outstanding when I ordered it) for the lunch special of Chinese pot roast sliders with a side of Kimchi and sweet potato french fries. I loved the meal, and got a lot of food (it was around $10) for the price.I wish that there were more kid-friendly options--my kids aren't the blandest of eaters but they aren't the most adventurous, either, so some kid-friendly options would have been nice. We ordered them a side of noodles, which they didn't like (not a problem because my husband and I ended up devouring them later on) so we ended up feeding them lettuce from my MIL's house salad and my sweet potato fries (yes, I now realize my Mother of the Year nomination must now be revoked).I also finished my meal with a blended Almond Joy boba. Although it isn't a traditional flavor, it had just the right amount of sweetness and the right amount of tapioca balls and brought me back to my college days in California and our late-night runs to the nearby pearl tea shop.Blue Koi is easily one of the best, if not THE best, Chinese restaurants in the KC metro area. It's probably one of the best area restaurants, period. My husband and I should save ourselves the trouble of figuring out where to go for dinner by going here a lot more often and enjoy the delicious, flavorful, homemade Chinese food here. The food is so good we'll even forgive them for letting Guy Fieri into the place.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,7/15/2014,165,132,1,10,5>I cannot say enough good things about Dr. Thompson and his staff.  Most recently I was sent to the Thompson Eye Clinic from my Urgent Care physician.  I had injured my eye and needed the care of an ophthalmologist.   I was seen first by Dr. Ertzer and later by Dr. Thompson.  My condition was very serious and Dr. Thompson suggested that I come back the next day and every day for the reset of the week.  On my Christmas Eve visit the Dr. called home to find out when he needed to be ready for his family visit - this way he could schedule my time accordingly.  When I came in on Christmas day another patient came in a few minutes behind me.  I joked with Dr. Thompson about being a busy guy.  His response, "Eye disease doesn't take a day off!"On my first visit to the clinic for this issue I was worked in and seen very quickly due to my emergency situation.  On my follow up visits that were scheduled in advance I was pleased with how promptly I was taken back to my exam room and then seen by the doctor.  He did a very thorough examination and let me know immediately what to expect from my treatment going forward.  What I also appreciated about his style of care is that he sets expectations about possible changes in the course of my treatment early so there are no surprises.  I think its important to know exactly what is happening with your health.  He is extremely knowledgeable but not above answering any common questions.  Dr. Thompson does an excellent job providing enough technical details and then providing a concise explanation so that my head doesn't explode.  The office staff is friendly and courteous.  The clinic itself is clean.  I've never purchased eye glasses here, but they do appear to have a wide variety of styles.  I would definitely go back when I have a need for new glasses.  Overall I've been very impressed with the care provided by Dr. Thompson and his staff and I will definitely be back.  Hopefully it wont be in an emergency situation!
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,7/14/2014,109,117,6,6,6>So I've only been once but they made such an impression on me I know it'll take a lot for them to drop below 5 starts, ever.I've been trying my hand at paleo homemade beef jerky, my first go around I sliced the meat myself, it was a huge pain in the ass. So I decided to call a butcher and have them do the work. Tim was very helpful on the phone, had no qualms whatsoever with my request, and was timely, same day pick up. 3 lbs flank steak cut about 1.5 in wide, 8 inches long, 1/10" thick, in case you were wondering. The first thing I noticed when I walked in was that it smelled AMAZING! My mouth immediately started watering. I mentioned this and they stated it was a duck broth they were working on for a sausage...WHY DID I NOT ASK WHAT SAUSAGE IT WAS?!? My mistake. Then you notice the place, it's put together, clean, and not what I remember my hometown butcher looking like (or smelling like). So they're racking up brownie points left and right by this point. Once I got home i opened up my meat package (giggles), exceeded my expectations, there was parchment paper between every layer for easy handling and storage. I was so impressed in fact I called them to thank them for being so awesome. I'll be back, all the time! Me love you long time, Broadway Butcher Shop!! p.s. Tim's easy on the eyes. You know if you're into that sort of thing. ;)
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,7/13/2014,117,917,1,9,4>Quite delicious Thai food! My wife and I have a soft spot for Thai, having spent out honeymoon in Thailand eating some very authentic stuff in various parts of the country, and feel like we are decent judges of what's really good Thai food...and this is probably the best in JoCo. The former tenant of this location (whose name I forget) was the best, and we were truly sad to see it go. This replacement is almost as good. We went on a quiet weekday evening and it was pretty much dead. Service throughout wasn't great. Our waters were refilled, but nothing was done with a smile. Our server seemed miserable being there. Always a bummer, but the food is more important. We started with a papaya salad, hot - and it was HOT. It's always hot, of course, but this had me in tears and my wife practically unable to eat it. If you like hot food, like I do, it's a winner. It was even better two days later after sitting in my fridge, fermenting in its own spiciness. We also got a yellow curry rice with chicken, which was very delicious. Finally, we both love massaman curry, so we got an order of that (with beef, of course) - very, very good. Excellent flavor, quite close to what we've had in the muslim areas of Thailand. All of this, with water, was around $30 with tax but not tip.So, would we go back? Absolutely! Food was great. Might consider takeout due to the so-so service, but the space itself is quite nice, open, clean.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,7/12/2014,102,158,3,6,4>I have been nothing short of blown away with my meal AND the level of service I experienced each time I have been to Story.  My initial visit way back when started off with a bit of hesitation on my part, which was completely unfounded.  I thought that perhaps this place was too "fancy" for me.  But I was wrong.  When it comes to me finding food that is top notch, with attentive service that includes a wait and kitchen staff who put consideration into my dietary restrictions, I am no longer even going to notice if there are white tablecloths and dressy attire.  It simply can't be a part of my criteria.  I felt welcomed when I walked in the door, and have been returning ever since.I love that they do the $10 Sunday entree special.  And I love that they have such a diverse (even if it is somewhat small & ever-changing) menu.  I was on a kick recently with their short ribs.  I had the breakfast version, and ended up craving it daily for days on end.  So we went back for dinner, & I managed to get something similar for dinner.  The kitchen prepared an alternate sauce to ensure my dish was gluten and dairy free.  And I could not have been happier.This is a great date spot, brunch option, place to take the out of town guests, etc.  All I can say is that the food pretty much speaks for itself.  I am delighted to be able to say that our service has always followed suit.  But the food is definitely the draw for me. I can't even imagine how addicted I might be to eating at Story if I did not have so many dietary restrictions.  The bread looks and smells insanely good.  And the gluten-FULL items offered the last time I was there for brunch looked incredible.  And judging from my dining companions, they tasted just as good as they looked.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,7/11/2014,34,123,2,8,10>This place will make your heart cringe, jump from one side of your chest to the other as soon as you walk through the doors.  You see all these sad faces staring at you begging for you to be their next beloved owner.  Or their only beloved owner, just someone to love & care for them... a pat on the head, a smile or a twinkle in your eye that says YES this one is it.. this one will fit well in our family.That is the utterly most heart breaking place to walk away from.  I'll tell you something though no other shelter have I left & felt that the dogs were cared for and loved than this place.  KC Pet Project has an amazing staff who truly & compassionately love the animals and want homes for them.This place has went from a kill shelter to a place that will do everything in their power to make sure these pets find homes!  I've talked to Animal Control specifically about KC Pet Project and he's assured me what a wonderful place this is.  He speaks highly of the owner (new owner) and talks about his/her compassion and love for animals.  It's never been truer! When we pulled up... we seen at least 4 people outside with huge smiles on their face sporting the Kc Pet Project logo t-shirts with happy wagging tails at their feet along side of them... happy dogs, that looked as if they belong somewhere & were happy to be there.  These pets had bigger smiles than the volunteers walking them.  I'm sure volunteers make a huge effort in making these dogs feel loved & needed as well as the staff.  Of course I left their heartbroken at all the animals left out in the streets or abandoned by their "owners" but this is like their safe haven until they do find a home.   I just can't say enough good things about this place.... the list could go on!  You must stop in, volunteer, be of help, donate! :)  That is if you love animals as I do!!
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,7/10/2014,49,45,,5,2>I know it's unusual for me to get all excited about anything which isn't food.  With that said, as far as I'm concerned, if you're needing any plumbing needs, you need not look any farther than Snake n Rooter.I've had to call on Snake n Rooter for their services a few times over the past few years.  The first time I used them was because I had a coupon, and I don't even remember what the coupon was for.  I do remember, however, WHEN I called them.  It was a Saturday afternoon and I had some unsavory business going on in my basement.  Being that it was a Saturday afternoon, I was expecting to get raped (and not kissed!) with weekend rates, or I figured I'd have to put up with the unsavoryness (is that even a word??) until the following week.Well, the first thing that impressed me about Snake n Rooter was the fact A REAL PERSON ANSWERED THE PHONE ON THE WEEKEND!!  AND THERE WAS NO AUTOMATED, PRESS THIS BUTTON, SAY THIS THING NONSENSE!!  It's been a love affair ever since.  So, a real person answered the phone, she was extremely pleasant and let me know she could have someone out to my home the same day and, wait for it, WITHIN THE HOUR!!!True to her word, a very polite and very clean gentleman showed up not long after I got off the phone.  Not only did he take care of the basement issue, but he gave me a suggestion of what to do to prevent that situation from happening again.  And for the coupe de grace, the charge was extremely reasonable AND there was no extra charge for the weekend appearance.I was sold!Most recently, I had to use their services again today, this time for a clogged tub.  Once again, a very nice young lady answered the phone (on a Saturday!) and let me know she'd have someone out as soon as she could.  After maybe an hour, the plumber was here and had the issue taken care of in about 20 minutes.  And once again, the plumber provided some insight on what could be done to help prevent the issue in the future.  In short, not only is Snake n Rooter fast, reliable and reasonable, but they don't look to rip you off either.  They will provide cost estimates over the phone, but remember, it's an ESTIMATE.  to that end, the estimates, at least in my experience, have been pretty spot on.I am definitely a fan and I would highly recommend Snake n Rooter for any plumbing emergencies.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,7/9/2014,160,211,,4,3>Holy cow! I was blown away by this place. The location is a little iffy, and for us it was difficult to find (aided in part by the subzero temperatures and snow). However, once we got into the restaurant, it was an absolute treat.The decor is fun, very orange, and simple. It's a cozy place with pretty low ceilings and a warm atmosphere. We asked the cook for something special, since we had a large group, and we were treated to a three course meal that knocked our socks off. My favorites were the black rice + vegetable stew mixture, pork chop plate and the mango cheesecake. After I left there, I sort of felt like dying from eating so much, but it was worth it. If you're even considering going here, just do it. The chef came out to check on us, and he was a great guy. Support a local business and eat here instead of a chain!! We will certainly be back!
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,7/8/2014,44,520,3,4,1>This place is perfect for a special occasion or a romantic dinner.  We took our little girlfriend here for her birthday dinner and we all agree that the food, the service, the ambience and the martinis were above and beyond.  Our server was very personable and friendly.  'We had a hummus plate and crab cakes for starters.  My GF and I had pomegranate martinis.  YUM!  The hummus included a roasted pepper and a cilantro pesto and oh boy was it GRAND!  My GF and I ordered the fried lobster tail.  OH MY HOLY JESUS!  I expected the police to burst in at any moment and arrest me for daring to eat something so debaucherously (is that a word?) delicious.  My mouth was blurting out all kinds of obscenities....it was THAT good!  They serve it with a little fingerbowl of clarified butter. OMG, I did make an appointment to have my arteries augured out the next day but who cares?  The lobster tail is sinful and obscene and a must EAT!  It was served with a huge pile of garlic mashed potatoes and haricots verts.  One of my GFs had the pork chops and they were so tender and tasty.  The other GF had some kind of seafood salad that I didn't get to try.  Ok, this place is waaaayyyyy pricey for a simple person like me but it is such a fun and delightful place to dine for a special occasion.  Don't come in looking all shabby.  I don't think they'll say anything but you may get a few disapproving stares.  You don't have to wear a coat and tie or anything like that though.  Oh, one downside...the crab cakes were boring....I'm not downing my rating just because of that.  I LOVE THE GASLIGHT GRILL!
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,7/7/2014,44,213,,4,3>Whenever I get a chance to hang out on the Plaza, I try to stop into TDB to pick up a treat for my furry friend at home. TDB is the kind of place where you are immediately made to feel welcome and you can't help but smile when looking around at all of the unique treats and accessories. I appreciate TDB's baked goods, though you get more bang for your buck when you buy treats in their pre-made boxes/packaging. It doesn't however, replace the "from the heart" sentiment of gifting your four legged friend a cheese pizza, or cat shaped baked good. Though there are locations throughout the US, this small shop on the Plaza makes you feel like it is a mom and pop organization with one thing in mind - the dogs. Don't pass up an opportunity to check them out. Prices are reasonable, employees are always friendly and attentive to your needs, and the people/dog watching is top notch.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,7/6/2014,56,174,6,16,5>$30 Asian massage parlors like this are everywhere in other big cities... Luckily for me... They're right down the road in Westport. Nestled between Blanc Burgers  and the ice cream shoppe...  Many seats in a smaller room. It's not pitch quiet but it's peaceful. Start with soaking your feet... Then head... Then reflex feet and calves with oil... Then table folds down and turn over and you're on your back... They put towels over your clothes. It was more than worth it...  Rookie Tips... Since its getting warmer... Wear shorts...If you can't take heavy pressure on your back... Wear a sweater... Or ask them to ease up... Or ask them to get that elbow up in your glute! Mmmm. Cash is king... A few less $ with cash. If you got problem areas tell them. Or if you got a bad shoulder let them know. Whisper.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,7/5/2014,19,55,,9,2>Q39 is a new barbecue joint on West 39th Street in Kansas City. Q39 is the concept of National barbecue champion Rob Magee and his wife. The Magees hold dozens of first place awards for original barbecue from various competitions across the country and two championships from the Kansas City Barbecue Society. We visited Q39 on a Monday evening, and needless to say it wasn't busy at all. The décor is rustic and woody. It's roomy and there's plenty of tables; but, nevertheless, it's still inviting ...and the smell of barbecue that coats the air is toothsome. We started with the Tallgrass Cheese Fondue and Smokey Bee's Knees cocktails. The fondue was tasty (the pretzels perfectly warm) and the cocktail is a winner (especially if you're a gin-lover) that I'll always have to order on any return visits.As far as actual barbecue goes, I ordered the Competition BBQ Plate Combo with Sliced Brisket & Dark Smoked Chicken and the sides were Apple Coleslaw and Beans. The meat is very smoky. If you're not into smoky barbecue then this probably isn't the place for you. I happen to love it and I loved both meats, especially the brisket. Both meats were tender, flavorful, and not smothered in sauce; in fact, there is not sauce on the table nor did the waiter bring any sauce with the plates. I imagine you can ask for some. The meats, in my opinion, did not need extra sauce - the light dabs were sufficient. The coleslaw was ambrosial, but the beans (although cooked well) kind of missed the boat. I much prefer sweeter beans to spicy beans which these were. Very minor complaint and a matter of preference.The service was top-notch and the best I've had in a while. He was attentive and affable. I will definitely be returning to Q39. Not only to try new things, but because I know this is quality barbecue.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,7/4/2014,275,317,2,6,3>I was really in the mood for some soul food. Being disappointed in that most of the soul food places I once knew of in KC were not plastered with the CLOSED message on YELP. I then remembered Peachtree. I have visited once to the Peachtree on the vine. I remember that being good food but was not in the mood for a sit and proper eating. I wanted a buffet to get all and everything.Cut to my dining experience here and I was not disappointed. I usually go to buffets with high hopes with usually receive a let down, and trying to decide where else to eat because I am still hungry. Leaving Peachtree I way overstuffed myself without even getting to try the desserts. I left full for hours on end. All crew was polite, even on a super busy holiday Sunday lunch hour. Feeling welcomed with great food, I shall return. Thank goodness  this is not close to my home or I would be here nearly everyday.Advice: come in starving and realize you will master the sin of gluttony.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2014,7/3/2014,72,73,4,6,3>I have been eating at Spin since it first opened! It has come a long way since it's old days out on 119th street! Today, if you are looking for unique pizzas with good ingredients then this is your spot! Plus, if memory serves me they have a gluten free crust-(so if you are the .01% of the US population with this extremely rare congenital condition-you will not be eating here-b/c there is gluten all over the place & if you have Celiac then you could die! However, if you "believe", based on NO scientific research that you have a gluten sensitivity -then Spin will satisfy your placebo!:)) Now, hopping off my soapbox, I would say that Spin is in the top 3 of thin crust style modern pizzas in KC. I go back and forth between here and Pizza Bella. The choice is yours; which you will have more of at Spin, i.e. all the different salads, sandwiches, & combinations! Plus they have cool beer on tap and Gelato:) Fun fact: spin is owned by a MD-gastroenterologist! Colonoscopies & pizza-a match made in Heaven!
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,7/2/2014,155,128,4,7,5>OMG. Dinner here was amazing!!! My boyfriend and I came here for dinner a couple of weeks ago as a belated Valentine's Day Dinner Date.  I heard nothing but great things so when it came time to pick a location it had to be the Rieger.  Plus, having previously been to Manifesto, I wanted to see how the restaurant compared.  And boy it sure did!!So, since we were at dinner about 2 weeks ago, the menu has likely already changed...but I can say that whatever the menu is now is probably amazing!! This review will be for what we had for dinner (obviously :P).   My boyfriend was ravenously hungry by the time we arrived for our 8:15 reservations (we need to make earlier reservations for dinner...he's always starving when dinner is this late in the day!), so we were excited to be seated immediately upon arrival.   First we ordered drinks (because it's date night!) - he ordered the Chocolate Ale and was very excited about it and I ordered a drink called "That Kind of Woman".  The only word I have for my drink is Phenomenal - seriously drinks are as good as Manifesto!!! Unfortunately I can't really give an opinion on the Chocolate Ale...I don't like beer so my opinion is usually...ewwww.  We started with the Braunschweiger Mousse which was delicious.  In fact it was so good that my boyfriend would start on his next bite before even finishing the first one (I did mention he was ravenous right?).  We made short work of our appetizer and started in on out basket of bread!  Thankfully our entrees arrived fairly quickly - Leg of Lamb for him and Crispy Beef Cheeks from me.  Both were fabulous!! The Beef Cheeks were sooo delicious; I made sure to savor every single bite.  The creamed hominy paired with it perfectly.  Lastly we ordered dessert...the spiced chocolate ganache and the crepe cake.  The ganache was perfectly smooth and melt in your mouth decadent with the perfect amount of spice.  The crepe cake was not too sweet or heavy and tasted wonderful.  Next time I'm here I want to try their Coffee mouse and doughnuts - I sort of eavesdropped on the waiter for the table next to us raving about it!Service was amazing - we were well taken care of without being hovered over.  Which really says it all of me.  I cannot wait for us to come back, but it'll probably only be for special occasions as we try to avoid eating out to much.  Definitely worth a visit...or maybe four?
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,7/1/2014,56,253,,7,2>Myself and my two "+1's" ventured to Ca Va after a Yelp Event a few weeks ago. We were looking for some food and drink in Westport and I mentioned this new champagne bar had opened recently - we were all in!Another reviewer said that their slower time is after happy hour and before 9. She was absolutely correct. We got there on Wednesday night shortly before 8 and there were a few tables that were filled, but the bar was completely open. There is currently only one 4-top table, and it was filled, so the 3 of us belly'd up to the bar.Speaking of the bar, it was gorgeous - marble and wood - and it runs most of the length of the venue. This is a very small place, but it looked like they might be putting a patio to the  side, so that will double the space. This spot feels European and I really liked the vibe.For employees, there was a bartender, a server and a "cook". The bartender approached us immediately, gave us menus and brought us waters. She was very helpful, answered our questions and was friendly and efficient.  We ordered The Classic, a French 75 and a Veniziana Spritz. All 3 drinks were great. We were pretty hungry so we ordered some food. It was a hot day (for early May) and was in the mid-80's. However, I still ordered The Reiger Pork Soup which was A-mazing. YUM! My friends had the Green Dirt Farm Prairie Tomme (local cheese) Raclette and the Croque Madame (grilled ham & cheese sandwich with runny egg on top). We also shared the Jambon (i.e., ham) Plate and had the Iowa prosciutto. I thought it was cool that there was some local or midwestern items on the menu. All the food was very good and we couldn't eat it all.The only downer about this place is that it was VERY HOT!! We were at the bar and the grills/toasters and other methods of heating up food were right in front of us. I can't imagine what this place will be like in the summer if people order hot food and the place is packed. Other than that, it was a great time.As we were leaving - about 9:15 or so - it was starting to get crowded. I will definitely be back to check out the patio. A very nice and original place.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,6/30/2014,21,97,7,5,4>This is the worst case scenario - a Vietnamese restaurant one block from my house.  iPhotower has already become our default when Husband or I don't feel like cooking.  We've had takeout probably five or six times since the place opened and I don't even know where to begin... EXCELLENT pho (no surprise there, since it's Spike from Pho Hoa).  The thing we were most excited about was the Banh Mi... and iPhotower has many options on that front.  We're defaulting to the House Special; no reason to mess with perfection - which it is.  A massive, generous, delicious monstrosity. Their sweet potato/shrimp fritters are the usual Vietnamese specialty - basically a monster pile of sweet potato fries with plenty of delicious shrimp scattered throughout.But there's an item on the menu that's going to be the death of me - barbecue pork buns, sort of a variation on cha siu bao... but somehow sweeter? And with a more crisp outer shell before getting to the soft, steamed bun part and the delicious barbecue pork center?  I can't even, you guys.Anyway, one time when we stopped in for our takeout, Spike gave us a bit of beer and spiced peanuts while we were waiting, and ended up showing us around the kitchen.  He was so generous and welcoming, and we were just delighted that he recognized us from our few times in.  Just amazingly generous and friendly, a great vibe, REALLY wonderful food at reasonable prices.  And Spike knows how to make regular customers feel at home.iPhotower will bankrupt us within six months, and I am 100% fine with that.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2014,6/29/2014,39,104,2,4,2>Providence Pizza is a cool drink of water for Grandview.I and many others have LONG awaited the full opening of this place. I am hoping that it will usher in an era of good dining to the area. I walked in and was impressed with the ambiance and decor.  It is a turn of the century industrial type look. The Chairman of the Board playing on the sound system puts you in a mind set of a by gone time in American culture when life was simpler. The wood fired oven is front and center in this mostly open kitchen. You get to watch you pizza being hand tossed put in the oven. I'm talkin ring-side seats here. I was dining alone so I passed on a whole pizza and I wanted a fresh dish. I decided on one of their many grinder sandwiches.  The cheese-steak was recommended and I ordered one. It was a nice sandwich, but I thought a side would have been good to have. It had great flavor, but a little under seasoned and it could have used another minute or two in the oven(as I personally like them). The service was nice and efficient. They may have been a slight bit slow taking orders, but not a problem. The store was very clean and orderly with staff clearing and wiping down tables. I will be ordering a pizza very soon from Providence Pizzeria. Manga!
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,6/28/2014,30,269,,5,1>I just love when I discover a "brand new" place and get in on the ground floor by telling everyone what a hidden gem I have found.....  Thomas is NOT that place since I'm coming pretty late to the party and I'm writing the 101st review!  However, Hubby and I are "brand new" fans after a late lunch this afternoon!Hubby went for his idea of a guaranteed indicator of whether a restaurant will be worth further visits:  A Hamburger and fries.  And Thomas serves up a beauty.  All the way from the outside-in:  starting with a Big, beautiful bun, choice of cheese (he chose Havarti, which is not offered just anywhere), lettuce, tomato, onion and all the way to a juicy,  incredibly flavorful beef patty cooked to order.  I almost wanted his, except that I was very pleased with my own choice:  a Fried Green Tomato BLT, complete with crispy fried green tomatoes, sliced hot house tomatoes, leaf lettuce, bacon, sprouts, sharp cheddar cheese and dill mayo served on toasted sourdough.  We both ordered crisp french fries as our side.We were seated just before 3 p.m. and although the lunch rush was over and it was very quiet except for the soundtrack playing over near the bar, our service was friendly, cheerful and casually top scale.  Attentive when we needed something without hovering but giving us privacy and space.The lunch menu included several other sandwiches I would love to try at another time, so I expect we will be back at Thomas' soon.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2014,6/27/2014,26,41,,6,4>Ok, if you pay attention to my other reviews (which if you don't, why aren't you?!) you know I go to quite a few concerts. And by a few, I mean two to three a week. Since some tend to be at The Midland, I tend to hop next door and visit Indie before or after a concert. There are quite a few bonuses, in my opinion, to visiting the Indie:1) Go in before a concert instead of waiting in the line outside. You don't shiver in the cold, you don't swelter in the heat, and you can just enter the venue when doors open through the side entrance. Basically, you get to cut in line and drink a bit beforehand. You can even bring in your own dinner if you'd like. 2) Get a guitar. Yes, on concert nights the price drinks go up. Go figure. But, go there on an non-event night and ask for a guitar. It's a keychain shaped like a guitar and it gives you non-concert drink prices on concert nights. I think you have to give em your e-mail address, but it's worth the savings. 3) The beer selection is decent. They have more than just the standard venue beers (Boulevard, Miller Lite, etc.). Plus, the same bartenders tend to work inside the venue as well (they just rotate around). Getting on a first name basis with them pays off in the long run. Same as any other bar. The Indie also does other stuff like karaoke nights, but that's not really my scene. Well, maybe making fun of the ones that do participate after a handful of drinks, but that's about all of the participation I'll do.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,6/26/2014,118,260,,6,4>For Yelp Review Number 200, I wanted to save it for a special occasion and Waldo Pizza is more than special enough. There's simply nothing critical I can say about them. They have two locations - one in Waldo (go figure), and one in Lee's Summit. I've been to each dozens of times and I've never felt anything other than joy. Yes Joy. The kind of feeling that a corporate restaurant can't offer. True, not every experience was perfect, but each time they reinforced why I drive twice as far as I would drive for any other restaurant. They have a generous beer menu with a lot of specialty beers by bottle and tap. There are a handful of wines as well. There's a good assortment of appetizers and salads and they're probably the most vegan friendly of the non-vegan restaurants in KC. They have several options of vegan "meats" and cheeses - none of while Ive tried would disappoint anyone. Amazing owners, great product, wonderful staff. Waldo Pizza just sets the bar.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2014,6/25/2014,43,227,4,9,2>Bottomless mimosas? Four varieties? Yes, please, to each and every, all. :)So, clearly that's how the day started. The ladies and I ventured out after church on Super Sunday. This place closed at two, earlier than usual for them, so we were grateful for our noon reservation.  The service, for being rather packed, wasn't super fast but wasn't super slow either. I didn't mind it, honestly, so that tells you it wasn't tooooo sluggish.Food: the day's special lobster frittata. It had chunks of lobster, mushrooms, and maybe a cheese on top? (Sorry, I clearly came a bit late to the party and missed the explanation but as soon as someone said 'lobster' to me, I was sold.) The only thing it seemed to be missing was a tad bit of seasoning. I added salt and pepper and it was lovely. I had the potatoes on the side. They were killer and, for all you gluten-free peeps out there, the chef is super awesome about it. In fact, the server mentioned this to us, that the chef has a friend with Celiac disease so they take it very seriously. They even have a separate fryer. That is a gold mine! Awesome sauce.Drinks: ruby red bottomless mimosa. I mean, really, did you expect something else? They also have an original flavor, a grape juice version, and a cranberry flavor called hibiscus. Best thing about bottomless mimosas is that you can change flavors by the glass. I liked the ruby red (made with grapefruit juice) the best, admittedly, but I also tried the original and the cranberry ones. All in all, $11 well spent if you're going to hang out for a while a chat.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,6/24/2014,100,160,3,9,3>I loved everything about Novel and can't wait to go back. We were running late, so had to cancel our reservation and sat at the bar. Which was fun as we had the pleasure of getting to know Vic, KC's most-famous bartender. He helped us with suggestions on bar and food orders and made the hubby a craft cocktail off the menu. I am still dreaming/salivating about those scallops. I have never tasted a more velvety piece of shellfish. Cooked perfectly and melt in your mouth. I love the ambiance and how they have given it a bit of a face-lift since Lill's.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,6/23/2014,82,53,,8,6>Downtown needed this, in so many ways.A building saved from the brink of demolition, artfully restored into a space that wraps its arms around you. In a not creepy way. A space with a panoramic storefront that delivers a great view of a small section of preserved turn-of-the-century streetscape, including the city's first skyscraper. The Deli transports you to another time.A vibe that is lively but chill, where a conversation with a stranger can happen when you're in the mood, or where you can find a nook to have an intimate chat. I've made new friends and reconnected with old ones in the short time the Deli has been open, in a way that spaces haven't enabled for me since the earlier days of Harry's Country Club.Bartenders that help curate the conversation and make connections between patrons, making everyone in the bar feel like part of the family. And with much of the neighborhood bellying up for the small but carefully selected beer selection, this is something our our living room.Excellent pizza in the downtown loop, available by the slice, so an individual can stop in, or a group can pig out. With a variety of toppings and specialty pies, there is something for everything, though the veggie pizza is one of the best anywhere.You can say plenty about how good the food is, but this place is magical in the intangibles. Milwaukee Delicatessen Company is the kind of place that extends your living room into the neighborhood, or it provides a warm and welcoming place for the traveler or outsider. It is the kind of place I always hope to find when I travel -- the place where you can connect with people if you want, or at least absorb something unique about a place.It is hard to stay away, and I don't plan to try very hard. Neither should you. I'll see you there.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,6/22/2014,238,295,,5,3>This delightful treasure trove is deliciously packed from head to to toe with a well organized assortment of liquid adult refreshments. As described to me, by the ever helpful owner, bolder, full bodied wines are at the front of the store, and get progressively lighter towards the rear of the store. There are 3 different levels of shelves in the side walls, each shelf has it's own price point. The higher the shelf, the lower the price range. So...decide your price range/ shelf level, and then move to either the front or the back of the store to determine the body of your wine. There is a tag displayed below each wine, to aid in your selecting the perfect wine for your picky palate.  The tag lays out the 1) Varietal, 2) Aroma, 3) Palate, 4) Body, and 5) Finish.There is a special shelving unit designated to "6 for $60"; a combination of any 6 bottles for $60. For those of you that are bargain hunting. There is a central unit stocked with an assortment of liquors for those who prefer a stiffer libation, and If beer is what you desire then you're in luck, there is an area consigned to the brew.No matter what you seek, the Underdog has made every effort to please  in a way that just makes sense.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,6/21/2014,86,112,5,4,4>"Put your shoes on, we're going to Chuck's."This was the rallying cry of my college-age roommates. They would wake me up at 9pm on "school nights" and drag me down here where I would inevitably get very drunk and full for very cheap. That trend continues to this day...Charlie Hooper's isn't a place I generally stop in on my own accord. I'm always invited by others for a birthday, graduation party, or "I'll buy you a beer if you drive to Brookside" sort of way.I once had a friend that would bring men here to break up with them, because the jukebox, cheap drinks, and above average bar fare would "soften the blow" for them.Like most midtown bars, I'm far less prone to enjoying this place on weekend nights, particularly during the school year, as UMKC and Rockhurst students fill the place up quickly and make me feel like Rodney Dangerfield in "Back to School," but any other night of the week I'm there (if invited, of course.)The smoking patio, while technically a patio, is more like a heated add-on room. If you long for the days where you come home and your entire person, clothing body and all smell like smoke, this is the smoking patio for you!Sunday nights are great, my favorite night here. Mexican beers are 2.50. Happy hour prices 4-7. Cheap tacos and other food specials. They've even got vegetarian stuff. The food is much better than I remember from the 90s and early 2000s. Better quality and more variety.Check out Charlie's sometime if you have not. Just beware if your boyfriend or girlfriend ever asks you to meet her there "to have a serious talk."
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,6/20/2014,182,367,,9,1>The place was packed on a Tuesday night after they'd been open 1 week, but we were able to get the last 2 seats at the bar. They were already out of the 2 house-made brews we'd wanted to try (the Samsonator and the Saison). I was disappointed, but I hope that is not a common trend here.  We were able to try their golden, stout and IPA in a flight for $10 (Five 2oz beers - we subbed in other brews to replace the 2 house-brews that were tapped out).  The IPA was overly bitter, with hop oils coating my tongue in a rather unpleasant manner; a let down since I typically enjoy crisp IPAs.  The stout was pretty good, my favorite of the three beers.  The golden was very, very light but had more flavor than a Budweiser, though this is just about my least favorite type of beer. They do offer a really wide variety of other craft beers including several from Bell's, Founders, and New Belgium. The beers are sold at a standard price ($5.50 - $7) per pint/snifter.   We joined as new 'beer club' members at Rock & Run prior to the place even opening, but we were not informed of the soft opening nor given the opportunity to sample the beers prior to the taps running out.  I know there are always kinks when opening a new place, and hopefully the minor issues during our first visit to Rock & Run will smooth out and the place will be a great bar on the Liberty square.  People by us got food & the personal sized pizzas looked good. We'll definitely be back to try the food and beers again.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2014,6/19/2014,65,258,,5,3>A nice neighborhood bar and hang out with yummy food specials and a friendly staff. I've been here once for a beer and once for dinner as I've been moving in Columbus Park. Service was very good both times, with nice waitstaff.On the second visit, BF and I ordered dinner. They have an eggplant sandwich which is technically off the menu, but a good vegetarian alternative. It come served with eggplant or pasta, as do all the sandwiches.BF had one of their other sandwiches, covered in meat and was quite pleased.We also tried the crabby cake appetizer since this was a Friday night. The fry level was just right, very crispy, and I loved the butter sauce it was served with.I feel I might become a regular patron here.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,6/18/2014,52,63,,6,6>As a native Californian living in the Midwest, good, authentic Mexican food is hard to come by. I'm so in love with their tacos. They hand make the corn tortillas when you order. I've tried the el pastor, carne, carnitas, pollo, and rajas. While all are excellent, the el pastor and rajas are my favs. The rajas is poblano peppers and cheese and have amazing flavor. The el pastor has little bits of pineapple. Btw - these are more like taco truck tacos, not American tacos filled with all the lettuce, cheese, tomatos and other crap.I generally make it a practice to not eat beans. Imagine mine and my husband's surprise when I scarfed a bunch of his refried beans! They are beautifully seasoned and delish!Chips are cooked perfectly. I add salt and a bit of lemon juice to mine.  The salsa is fresh and perfectly spicy. The guacamole is hella yum! They make it chunky with a good mix of avocado, tomato, onion and jalapeño.  They have an assortment of glass bottle soda, some beer and a margarita offering. I asked for a margarita on a Sunday morning at 11am and was told something in Spanish that must have translated to no because I clearly made the waitress upset and I kinda felt like a godless devil for asking. ;) lolThis place...oh this place is the real deal!
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2013,6/17/2014,55,63,5,6,2>I figured it was time to update my review after another stellar order of delivery pizza. First, let me set tonight's scene: My family is visiting for Christmas and it's one of those pajamas-at-8-PM-hulu-watching nights, and I place my online order for pizza (score for online orders!). I have a very, very old house with a very, very broken doorbell, so I have a sign that reads "Doorbell is broken, yell 'ding dong!' really loudly... or knock, but where's the fun in that?" We pop in an episode of Parks and Rec and wait. Thirty minutes later, we hear a loud "DING DONG!!!!!" outside my door. I've had that sign up for a year and can count on my right hand the number of times people have followed those directions. Amazing.It was my family's first time trying Wheat State and they all agreed that it was the best pizza they've tried in Kansas.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,6/16/2014,530,119,3,8,4>Co-worker says to me, "Let's go get Chinese Mexican Buffet!"Mind-blown, I ask, "Where and when?!""It's down by Paul's Drive-in.  It used to be a nightclub."  'Nuff said.So, we drive down into the further depths of Armourdale to El Calateco, which has a banner outside of it saying that they Chinese and Mexican Buffet.But, ya know, what I really wanted was just to have a heaping plate of Chinese food to feel like I have fully committed myself to this experience.  So, dive in, I do, I get the Kung Pao lunch-plate.It's good!  Chinese food in Armourdale seems incredibly bizarre, but the owner says he's cooked enough Chinese food in Chinese joints that he might as well serve it next to his Mexican fare!  But yes, having a very inexpensive, close by Chinese place in Armourdale (Hey, I work here) is a nice change of pace.  I should mention that everything I tried (I sampled my co-worker's' plates) tasted REALLY FRESH for this kind of meal! And, normally "Americanized Chinese" has really super-sweet sauces (which I hate!), but these plates ("Mexican American Chinese"?) don't have that issue, and I am very thankful!So, anyhow, if you find yourselves down in the depths of Armourdale, check out El Chalateco!
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,6/15/2014,202,441,,7,3>A friend wanted to come here for her birthday dinner, so my meat and cheese loving self braved the snow and arrived at FUD with no expectations. FUD is a small restaurant that accepts cash only and reminded me a lot of Cafe Gratitude. My group had fun trying to pronounce the ingredients listed on the menu; a translation would have been nice. I know nothing of the vegan life style, but thought that my loaded nachos were tasty and tasted like the real thing. They don't joke around when they say "loaded." These nachos were piled high with all sorts of toppings! There is a candle-light ambiance and a giant rainbow heart painted on the wall. The wait for water, food, the check, etc. was extremely long. With nearly an empty restaurant, our food (for a table of 4) took nearly an hour to come to us. Our waitress gave my friend a free birthday ice cream and took a picture of us which I appreciated. For those who live a vegan lifestyle, FUD is a great option for dinner (just remember to bring cash!)
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,6/14/2014,160,440,4,11,2>Delicious thin chips, warm with the perfect amount of salt come with possibly the best salsas I have had. The creamy salsa has amazing flavor and a touch of heat. The red salsa also has a touch of heat and is the perfect blend of flavor. Not your typical tomatoes, onions, peppers, and cilantro thrown in a blender that you find at most places. I have to suggest whatever you order, order with pork.  Super tender and marinated nicely. I could eat just a plate full of it alone. Make a chimi with it and pour both green and red sauce on and you are pretty darn close to perfection. The beans and rice are a couple of notches above standard with more flavor and I like the addition of corn to the rice. Service is ok. They take care of you, but don't become your friend. It is a huge place so if busy you might have a wait. Tortillas are fresh made. The restaurant is clean and the decor nice tacky Mexican, but not over done.The two best Mexican places in Olathe are right on this corner. If you want street/peasant food, go next door. If you want a more Americanized style, but with amazingly more flavor, this is your spot. Wear your fat pants or be prepared to walk out with your pants unbuttoned!
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,6/13/2014,159,346,,6,4>What a great store! I came in to find a special birthday gift for someone who can be quite particular. I wanted to buy something representing Lawrence or Kansas or KU; something unique.  I found plenty of items to choose from.  They have glasses with kitschy phrases, cutting boards with Kansas emblems on them, coasters with KU and KC landmarks.  I really enjoyed chatting with the person who was working Friday afternoon.  He was really nice and pointed out some great items.  I love supporting locally owned businesses.  I will definitely go back.  They had plenty of lovely and funny items for those hard to buy for people in my life.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,6/12/2014,186,104,1,9,7>Potpie has that nice homey, feel about it without being sloppy.  It's like going to dinner at your friend's house, if your friend is a bit of a perfectionist.I recently had a wonderful meal there, the spinach and brie tart, the beef and mushroom potpie (more about this later) and chocolate bread pudding.Everyone was very nice, the server was able to make a very nice wine recommendation, which I always appreciate.The star of the show was the beef and mushroom potpie, which was richly flavored and contained tender beef and vegetables and was topped with absolutely the FLAKIEST pastry crust I've ever encountered.  This crust should be served on it's own as an appetizer item, its THAT good, crispy, flakey, buttery and savory.  OH YES!
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,6/11/2014,87,56,6,12,10>Shout out to all the Filipinos out there, this place has gravy that tastes just like Jollibee (a famous Filipino Fried Chicken Chain Restaurant), which in turn makes the fried chicken quite delicious! My only gripe is that I didn't bring a Tupperware full of rice! I love my fried chicken paired with rice with gravy poured on top, that's the way that it is served at Jollibee, which you can find in California, Vegas, Texas, and of course back in my home country of the Philippines.Ok, now let me explain why I just had to give this place 5 stars! Upon arriving  in the parking lot, I immediately knew this place would live up to the hype, because of how packed this place was inside and through the drive thru! The workers here have such vibrant attitudes and made me laugh so many times. It was a great atmosphere to be  especially since the weather has been so frigid lately. The place is obviously brand new and clean all around. The menus are on LCD screens and there were plenty of workers that ensured your food would be out in a jiffy!I ordered the 2 piece fried chicken (leg & breast) for about $3.50, mashed potatoes, and onion rings (each about $1.50 for a small side). The fried chicken was to die for! The skin was coated with a perfect crunch and the whatever they seasoned it with, exploded in my mouth and sent my taste buds on cloud nine! The chicken was ridiculously juicy and cooked thoroughly, none of that uncooked pink patches that can be sometimes seen if not cooked properly. The star of this place for me was their gravy. Without that gravy that chicken wouldn't have been as good. Mashed potatoes tasted real and not boxed; The onion rings were plentiful and huge. I also loved how nice the workers there was when I asked for a side of gravy. I was expecting to pay extra, just like KFC or other places that charge extra for gravy, but was surprised to get it for free and in a huge cup! Generosity at fast food joints is rare these days!My partner in crime got the special of the day, which was a fish sandwich with fries and a drink for $4.99. Great price for such a great tasting sandwich, none of that frozen fake fish patties like Mcdonalds...that is if they even use real fish, haha. You would think that we would be full, but I just had to try their apple pie. At the counter they had a freshly baked pie on display. I ordered the ala mode version of it for a little over $2, a bargain for what we got. They gave us a huge slice and also offered to heat it up which I took them up on, since I love my desserts warm! They topped it off with vanilla ice cream and it was all like a dream from there on. Each bite melted in my mouth. It was a great juxtaposition of dining, first class dessert in a fast food restaurant...who woulda thunk it that they would have such a decadent dessert! Flaky crust and fresh apples...YUM!I will definitely come back here again...and again...and again. So dangerous! And...if I want a break from this place, I can just walk over to Mr. Le's sushi and get some pho or sushi, or may I could just get rice to go and walk back to this place. haha I am crazy, but man was I a very satisfied customer coming out of there! Props to the manager who went around to each table, asking how our meal was. This is definitely not like no other fast food joint in all of Kansas City. Top notch service and food. Can't beat that!Happy Eating!
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,6/10/2014,260,182,6,11,5>You did not hear this from me but, Chicken Macaroni & Cheese fry chicken wings better than my Mamma!  (Sorry Mom) I ordered their 5 piece fried chicken wings, green beans, baked beans and lemonade.  The presentation was great and the food was hot and delicious!  I thought the cost was a bit pricey...but well worth the price.  There were television screens throughout the restaurant and down to earth muzak.  I found the entire staff to be very professional and courteous.  I highly recommend Chicken Macaroni & Cheese!
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,6/9/2014,58,256,1,6,3>Any other visit I've had has hovered around four stars, but my last visit went well beyond five. I'd give them another star if I could.Christmas night, mentally and physically exhausted from family visits, our group of friends was looking for a place to eat. Our plan was Chinese, but the place we had in mind wouldn't let you make reservations and the wait was an hour and a half! We didn't have a plan B.Thanks to a helpful tweet from VisitKC, we were tipped off that Snow and Co was open til midnight -- they had food and drinks in one stop, it fit our bill.When we arrived, we pretty much had the place to ourselves. We were greeted by the owners; Jerry, who served us, said that it was his pleasure to stay open on Christmas night, and it was just the owners running it -- they'd given his employees the night off to be with family.He went above and beyond to provide us stellar service, checking up on us just enough and making conversation with us, which ranged from the menu, to liquor, to even drums (two of our party are professional drummers) and memes. Anything we had a question about, he was happy to bring us a sample, stat. At the end of the visit, he even brought each of us a taste of mezcal, as well as a discount on our next visit if we could make it before the end of the year!Now for the tummy fillers -- did you know they have food? Did you know they have GOOD food?Everything on the menu was tasty. We ordered a couple orders of skewers; I'm gonna apologize I can't remember the names of things, but this one had veggies and salami and was excellent. The boys opted for pizza, which was fabulous; my friend and I split two paninis, the roast beef (superb!) and the "sweet and spicy" (superb and unique!)But my favorite edible? RUM. CAKE. Holy cow, I finished the first and realized I'd rather have another of those instead of another drink; it was fabulous.  You can get it with mezcal -- a sweeter mezcal than I've had before, though I'm no conniousseur -- either for dipping the cake in or to sip.  Fabulous.The drinks? They've probably been mentioned a hundred times in the other reviews, which is why I didn't mention it sooner. They're adult slushies -- can you really go wrong with adult slushies? I like to get a flight and not commit to one. This time I had a rotating "flavor of the moment" -- Cloud 9 (a little sweet and creamy) -- as well as their usuals, Miss Scarlett (tangy) and Sunshine Boulevard (beer and lemon, not sweet.) The men ordered full pours of the Rockafeller (whiskey based, but not ridiculously intense), an egg nog drink (duh, it's Christmas), and a couple people had hot drinks.... yes, they have those too.We left with our bellies and hearts full and warm, eager to come back. We have declared Snow & Co a Christmas night tradition.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,6/8/2014,49,99,2,6,2>After losing a rabbit at another clinic during her spay I was VERY gun shy about getting any of my rabbits altered. I am however a firm believer in getting your pets fixed so I went off of recommendations from the ladies at the Missouri House Rabbit Society, and decided to schedule my Rex, Glen for his neuter with Dr. Placke. The poor receptionists/technicians when I called. I grilled them pretty hard about the procedures they use for rabbit spay/neuters. I did not want a repeat of my situation with the previous clinic. The girls were very patient and understanding with me and gave me a step by step process on how they handle pre, during, and post neuter/spay. I dropped Glen off yesterday morning at 7am. The girls discussed with me a little further about the neuter, and I left him. I felt like I was going to be sick all morning thinking of him being there and going through surgery. Luckily Dr. Placke doesn't like to keep his exotics at the clinic too long so he gets their neuters/spays out of the way super early, and lets them go home within an hour after surgery. The technician called me at around 10am and said all was well and that he was up and eating, and we could come get him in an hour. I worked until 430 so I did not go get him until about 530, but Dr. Placke came out and talked to me about Glen and rabbits in general. He said they had at least 6-7 rabbits in that day and he sees quite a few of them. He has a good rapport with the ladies from the house rabbit society. He warned me that Glen had been paying attention to his neuter spot and to keep an eye on him.Glen came home and ate up a storm. By this morning you would have never known he was in surgery the day before. I would recommended Dr. Placke for your rabbit if you need a good, reasonably priced exotic vet that has a lot of knowledge with rabbits.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,6/7/2014,52,79,3,4,3>I love me some BBQ!!  When we first moved to KC, we basically OD'd on BBQ and have stayed away unless someone is coming in from out of town.  Due to the OD, it look me over a year to get to Jack Stack.  My boss took our team, who were in from out of town, here for our team dinner and I'm oh so happy he did.  First, I loved the atmosphere!  Unlike most BBQ places you get a real "fine dinning" feel from this spot.  Being located in the old freight house doesn't hurt, the charm is amazing.  We started with a round of drinks, beer and martini's.  The tini's were good, and boulevard is always a great option.  Our boss started the table off with an order of burnt ends and onion rings.  Let's start with the burnt ends - these are my absolute favorite BBQ option EVER.  Most at the table had never heard of them, so it was a great way to introduce them to KC BBQ and of course they were AHHHMAZING.  While I'm not usually a huge fan on onion rings, these were delicious with the BBQ sauce.  They were crispy and the breading was great - cornmeal if I'm not mistaken.  Everyone loved their entrees, three out of the 5 at the table ordered the burnt ends for their entrees!  I ordered the single pork chop with a loaded baked potato.  The chop was perfectly cooked and seasoned with just a touch of smoke.  Potatoes are my absolute favorite veggie - yes they are a veggie!  This was a perfectly fully loaded tater!  The perfect amount of cheese and sour cream, and it all even made great left overs because there was no way I would be able to finish it all in one sitting.   Cheesy corn and beans were also ordered for the table.  CHEESY CORN = CRACK!  Seriously, you will not be able to stop!All in all - this was a great BBQ experience! The prices may have been a TAD higher than a cafeteria style, but totally worth is for the experience.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2014,6/6/2014,532,417,2,7,5>What took me so long to visit this place?! It's a great grocery store with a lot of imported items. The produce looked pretty good and very reasonably priced. I only needed limes so I got 7 for $1. Oh the bakery is so tempting, the fresh, sweet aroma will draw you in. I'd had a few of the treats and enjoyed them. One challenge is that they aren't descriptions. So it's a bit of a guessing game, however I haven't been disappointed. You can ask an employee, but they may not speak much english.They have a good size meat market, both raw and cooked. We got some freshly ground chorizo. It's about $1 more/lb but it's doesn't have all the preservatives in it. Some of their raw meat is also pre seasoned. If you go in, wether you're hungry or not, you should go try a taco. Seriously, even as a mid morning or afternoon snack. You won't be sorry. They have several meat options, again not well labeled with descriptions. This is where it would be great to bring in a friend who knows the food and/or language.I like the tacos al pastor, or with chorizo or carnitas (kinda fatty here). Then get some refried beans, the flavor is terrific. You can also get a pound or two of meat and beans to go with some fresh tortillas. We do this for dinner on occasion.They also sell beer here, yes in the grocery store! I think it's because they are attached to a restaurant so they can do it...not totally sure. But they have some imported beer and domestic. It's really convenient.If you're in the area and you like authentic food, you've got to come check this place out.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,6/5/2014,48,264,3,13,1>Very clean, VERY busy and very nice.  I had a good manicure and liked the girl that did it but it was just the average $35 gel manicure.  I HATE the color that I picked and because I got convinced that it wasn't sparkly enough, I feel like it's extremely thick and I'm just going to have to put up with it for 2 weeks so I don't feel like I wasted money. The crowd that frequents here is extremely interesting... One girl and her friend seriously smelled like they had smoked pot in their car and come in to get a pedicure, a little odd but to each their own.They have a ton of colors and lots of gel polishes so it's a good place if you're picky with polish choices.  Overall, I picked a bad time of day to come and made a bad polish decision but the salon was very well kept.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,6/4/2014,421,655,10,16,10>So today my Dad and I are out and about near the lunch hour when I glance over and say hey are you hungry. He says yea I could go for something to eat. So here we are two young bucks out on the town with no destination in mind. I say what about a burger? He says pizza? So what else does a loyal Yelper do but break out his trusty phone with Yelp App installed and enter the keyword pizza. Some of the usual suspects pop up and then this unknown entity Pie Five. I glance at the number of reviews and see it is at my magic 20 or greater for the star rating to be a reliable indicator without having to scrutinize individual reviews and Pie Five is at a respectable 4.5 stars. I say hey Dad what do you think Pie Five? He says why not?So we enter. I am somewhat concerned about the length of the line which is to the door, but in for a penny in for a pound. I think to myself, self they must be serving pizza by the slice as there is no table service. Buzz... Wrong! They are making everyone a pizza in the line. I do my Yelp check in and I am greeted with a Yelp Offer of Any Pizza $5. I'm thinking assuming I can survive a line where everyone gets their own pizza pie sometime this year $5 is awesome. Amazingly it takes only about five minutes to run a pie from construction to cashier. My Dad and I decide to share our pie and get two drinks. With our Yelp Offer we are in under $10 with tax. We ordered the High Five Pie. It is a combination of Tuscan marinara / cheddar / pepperoni / Italian sausage / bacon / ham / beef in a pan pizza crust. We had ours topped in magic dust. The staff works in a assembly line method. Everyone was friendly, fast and efficient. The pizza was pretty darn good. The ingredients were fresh and tasty. The soda is all you can drink. The seating is a combo of Johnson County we have our own table and no one is allowed seating and European community style seating where you sit next to someone you have never met. Dad and I opted for Euro style. The one pizza was plenty of food for two hungry guys.We give Pie Five two thumbs up. Next time we are free wheeling bachelors on the town we have decided this could be a likely dining destination.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,6/3/2014,86,438,2,11,4>If my March Madness bracket had been the billion dollar winner, I would eat at Cafe Gratitude every day. I love this place and I wish it was feasible to live off of their menu. The names are kinda foofy, but that is just the theme of the place. I mean,"Big Mac" and "Whopper" are just as ridiculous of names if you think about it? Whatever, this place is seriously good. I went a few weeks ago when my sister in law was in town and after previously having my mind blown at Eden Alley, I was surprised to find that this place was just as good! Maybe better? We went around 2pm on a Saturday and the place was still packed, but the wait wasn't bad at all. I started with the "I am Beautiful" Creamsicle milkshake. AUGHGHGHGHGH. This was so good. I had to physically push it away in attempt of not just quaffing the entire thing in 3 seconds.. I mean, it is $8.50, so I needed to pace myself.. but crap! I NEVER would have thought a non-dairy milkshake could be so good.Our appetizer was "I am Honoring": Live Nachos with spicy sunflower "bean "pâté, guacamole, salsa fresca, nacho 'cheese' & homemade crackers. This was another win. The crackers were a bit crumbly, but we almost literally licked this plate clean.My meal was only okay. I ordered the "I am Transformed": Two seasonal corn tacos with brown rice, black beans, guacamole, salsa fresca and cashew nacho cheese and honestly found it a bit too spicy for me to enjoy (I am a wimp, more or less, and well, it DID have a chili pepper next to it on the menu, so I should have known). My husband, however, LOVED it. So, we traded plates. The next 4 words will sum up this review: Toasted chipotle-maple coconut. OH BOY. He had ordered the 'I am Extraordinary' which is a CLT sandwich (Toasted chipotle-maple coconut, Lettuce, Tomato with spicy cashew aioli. Normally, I wouldn't touch this with a 20 foot pole as I don't do sliced tomatoes. I don't know what it is: I like salsa, I love pico, but sliced tomatoes make me want to gag... but the thing is... I've never had Toasted chipotle-maple coconut. Lordy. Amazing. His meal, now mine, was incredible. The coconut was a bit messy to eat, but hey, I Am Not Being Judged, right? I scarfed this sandwich down and enjoyed every last flake of toasty coconutty chipotly goodness. Big win. Loved it.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,6/2/2014,40,211,,8,2>I cannot say enough about how thrilled I am with the service I received at Joslins. My wedding ring is 20 years old and came from Helzberg. About 10 years ago Helzberg told me I needed my prongs retipped and charged me over $100 to do it. When it was done I wasn't thrilled with how it looked and the tips no longer covered the corners of my princess cut diamond but they assured me it was done right. In November one of my prongs broke and my husband suggested I take it to joslins since he has heard good things about them. On December 31 I took my ring in and sure enough one of the unprotected corners now has a chip. They suggested I have the diamond remounted in v prongs that are white gold. It will hold the diamond more securely and mostly hide the chip. Hold my breath for the price......$85. What??  That can't be right. I said do it. Was told it would be ready in 2 weeks which seemed reasonable to me. They called 2 days later. It was done!  I picked it up this morning and it is gorgeous!!!  From now on all of my nice jewelry purchases will only be made here!!!
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,6/1/2014,74,1211,2,10,9>It's hard to believe there has been no entry on Yelp for Brookside. Maybe the reason is in what defines Brookside. Brookside is two things. First, it is a shopping and commercial area centered around Brookside Boulevard and 63rd Street. Second, it is the collection of neighborhoods located around that area. If you ask those native to Kansas City "What is Brookside," the vast majority will tell you it is "a neighborhood." So... let's treat it like that, even though it is technically a collection of neighborhoods. :-)So, from 51st south to Gregory.And from Holmes west to Wornall.Some would restrict this geography a little, but this is basically it. Notably, to the south of Gregory is the Waldo area. The commercial districts are literally 2 minutes apart, and easily accessible without a car via the Trolley Trail. Many people say Brookside/Waldo when describing the area.So what does Brookside have? Just about everything but an amusement park, and much of it privately owned. Unique restaurants abound. I can only think of four chain restaurants/cafes in the entire area. Some of the restaurants are notable... Julian, Bella Napoli, Osteria Il Centro, Aixois, and Cafe Europa are probably my top five of the area. Watering holes are plentiful. The Peanut, Charlie Hoopers, and the Bier Station are my top three for beer. Great cafes include Bella Napoli and the Roasterie. There are even notable ice cream places such as Glace and Foos.Outside of dining and entertainment, just about every service you could want is here. Tailors, spas/salon, shopping, grocery, gas/auto, pet services, churches, etc.Again, the area is linked to Waldo (south) and Country Club Plaza (north) via the Trolley Trail. This greenway is enhanced by small parks sprinkled about the neighborhoods such as Brookside Triangle Park, Brookside Park, Arbor Villa Park, and the crown jewel just outside the area (Wornall@51st to 55th... Jacob L. Loose Park.Annual events like the Art Fair, the St Patricks Day Parade, and the Trolley Run are all fun to go out and see.Are there drawbacks? Sure. Real Estate is more expensive here. Public schools here are not well thought of. And access to major highways is a pain in any direction. But two of the three don't matter too much. First of all it's worth it to live here. I have moved around a lot in my life and the quality of living in Brookside is the best I have experienced. Second, access to highways matters for a few minutes a day... IF you need to go somewhere. But if you come home to Brookside you really don't need to travel too far for anything. You do not need to drive if you are an active person. The schools are an issue, but only if you have kids. And as good as Brookside is, the surrounding neighborhoods are beautiful as well! I can't think of a better place to visit or live.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,5/31/2014,21,101,5,8,2>We arrived with a small group and sat around for over an hour, as the rest of our group joined us. The waiter did not hurry us and kept our water filled. I came in, ready to attempt the ghost pepper ramen challenge, PHEW! Never will I be doing that again. I'm one to do very well with spicy foods, after all, spices were heavily added into our food at an early age. I can handle Thai hot from Thai restaurants and order the Blazing wings from BWW every time. I assumed this would be cake, boy was I wrong. After my first bite, I immediately regretted it. I lasted about 10 minutes, with 5 bites in before calling it quits. I have never experienced sweating when eating spicy food, but I did that day. My lips were numb, and the left side of my face was numb... I couldn't hear out of my left ear!! Another individual who had attempted the challenge told me that he believed they made my ramen much more spicy than normal, as he had tried it after I was done. I ended up having the worst stomach cramping shortly after, due to this epic ramen. The waiter let me take home regular broth, and poured out my spicy brother before boxing it up. I attempted to eat my left overs the day after for lunch... 4 bites in...nope, I had to just throw it away. TOO SPICY!! I'll be trying a normal ramen the next time I go.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,5/30/2014,39,31,,6,3>I will say this. I like the idea of a fresh made personal pan pizza under 5 minutes. I had no idea what I was walking into when I went there. I just know that the kids like pizza and I wasn't cooking tonight. It is a cute, little spot.  The people were pretty helpful with trying to figure out what to get the kiddos. They make the pizza as you watch. They have a pretty sweet menu and I really appreciated the choose your own toppings option. Oh at the end, they called their Parmesan/Romano blend "magic dust." They put it on for you if you request it.After I paid, I checked in here and it gave me a deal for $5. I mentioned it in passing to the kids and the lady at the checkout overheard. After she quizzed me about Yelp and I showed her my app, she actually refunded me the difference. She said someone had just called there about it but she had never heard of it before. Anyway, what they lack in flavor (which isn't a lot considering the style of store that it is) they certainly make up for in customer service. That is awesome for me. I'm all about the service. The kids gave the pizza a four. I'm bumping the rating up to 5 because of the service. Good times. I know that we'll be back.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,5/29/2014,33,25,2,8,4>This is without a doubt my new favorite place in Kansas City. I've been here a number of times now, including Belfry's opening night and have never been disappointed. I'm sad to see other Yelpers citing this spot as boring or strange. I'm not sure if they really understand the point of the Belfry.To me, this is a place to gather, to discuss, imbibe and enjoy and otherwise remain undistracted from the usual clutter and mess of televisions and digital devices that otherwise dominate our world. I've gone here by myself and made beer-friends at the bar or otherwise chatted about whatever with the bartender or Chef Tio. I've also been with friends and the environment is perfect for diving into conversation without having to holler over loud music or blaring televisions. Tio is often floating through the crowd here serving customers or fulfilling orders at the bar. It's quite obvious she's absolutely focused on solid service and customer engagement as this new venture is still quite new.The walls are sparsely decorated but the bar itself is warm and richly lit by a bevy of glass bottle lights that hang above. The entire south wall features floor to ceiling windows that do get a little cold in the winter time so you may want to keep your coat with you. It feels very speakeasy once the sun goes down.The Belfry offers a perfect variety of hand selected craft beers that range from the super interesting - Stone's Sublimely Self-Righteous Double Black IPA, to the Kansas City expected - Boulevard Tank 7. Their taps are often rotating so don't expect to see a beer you had last week still on the menu the next. Their whiskey and rye list will make you dizzy. The standard affairs such as Jameson, Buffalo Trace et. al. are available all the way up to the snazzy 20 year Pappy Van Winkle for those that enjoy both flavor and burn with their choice. I've yet to dive into the food selection here but if the offers are the same quality I've come to expect from Chef Tio, I have no doubt the food would impress.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,5/28/2014,292,268,4,8,8>To be clear, my review is for the KC Symphony Uncorked Series, not the traditional Symphony usually directed by Michael Stern.  Let me just say, I popped my cork with excitement after discovering the Uncorked Series, it's amazing.Aram Demirjian is the conductor for this series and is brilliant.  He is smart and funny while introducing classical works for the not-so-versed in the crowd to classical music.  He's so charming.  He is exciting to watch as his body thrashes to the music, his hair bounces as if it has a life of its own.  His excitement is contagious.I've never been to the traditional Symphony (but hope and plan to) but I have a feeling the Uncorked series is a more relaxed, casual abbreviated version of the real thing.  It's a perfect introduction to this kind of music.The pricing is crazy cheap.  Every ticket is just $25.00.  We sat front row for $25 a seat and were able to see Aram's hair conduct up close and personal.  To make it even crazier, a glass or two of wine in the lobby of the Kauffman is part of the price of the ticket.  Amazing!  Go check out this series and this talented group of musicians.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,5/27/2014,50,183,3,7,3>My first visit here was immediately after opening, and I was so disappointed I didn't go back until a few weeks ago. It was the banh mi which, at the time, came on ciabatta and just didn't do it for me. I complained about it on another forum and someone involved in the business replied that they couldn't really tell a difference in taste tests and the ciabatta had a longer shelf life and so was a better value proposition. Fair enough, I thought, just not for me. Then recently, I went back. At long last. Tried a meatloaf sandwich. It was awesome. So I went back again and tried the double cheeseburger. It was so good that as I was eating it I thought to myself, "I must have had a burger this good at some point in my life, but I can't remember when," before deciding that I may not have. I can't even remember what was on it now, but there was something purple that seemed sort of oniony. I'm pretty sure of that.Then I went back today. Ordered a cheesesteak, and it was also awesome. I don't think I would call it a cheesesteak, technically. It didn't taste particularly steaky and didn't have Cheez Wiz on it, but as far as a beef sandwich with some kind of cheese, it was outstanding. There was some kind of tangy dressing I could not identify, as well as mushrooms and onions, and it all worked excellently. The bread was the perfect crusty kind of roll I associate with a proper cheesesteak; fortunately it was also the perfect container for this not-exactly-a-cheesesteak-but-still-really-­freaking-delicious sandwich.I also saw someone eating what looked like a banh mi and it appeared to be on a baguette, so I'll have to try that again, too. Just an excuse to go back. Again. Finally.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,5/26/2014,31,184,4,10,7>there's a new sheriff in town, across the street from my beloved Tower Tavern, and his name is Barrel 31, where at 6:47 everyday, happy hour ends with a shot of jack daniels, if you got the 3 bucks for the shot that is.  why more bars in town don't extend their happy hours to 7, I have no idea, Union Hill sure knows what's up, for sure.so we stopped in last night for happy hour, found a seat right away, and were waited on fairly quickly by our slightly overworked waiter, who was not only super helpful, but full of the kind of information about the joint that a newcomer needs to hear, like what's good.  we made some good and poor choices, but we will return to try more things shortly.the happy hour menu is divided into $4, $5, and $6 offerings.  the onions rings ($4) were delicious, the bloody mary oyster shooters ($4) not so much, the bbq pork sliders ($6) were fantastic, and the fondue ($6) which came with some pretzel bread sticks was fantastic, though the flaming bit of it was a bit underwhelming.  other things on the menu that i'd like to try are the wings ($6), the calamari fries ($5).being a whiskey bar, I felt obligated to have some whiskey, but not being much of a straight shot of kinda guy, i had the boilermaker ($5) and one of the barrel aged drinks, a fig infused whiskey manhattan, which was tiny, with a large ice cube.  they were both fine drinks, even if the manhattan was rather small.  the one barrel aged drink I really wanted, they were out of, so when I come back, I'll try it.after our dinner, we tried their version of a freaky apple pie, which was actually a cored whole apple filled with oats and brown sugar and baked.  I'm not sure why anyone feels the need to re-invent apple pie.  seriously folks, nothing beats a warm piece of apple pie, so quit messing with it and just give us some freaking apple pie already.we had one minor glitch in the service, which was quickly rectified by pretty much every owner/manager/waiter in the place, so I won't even go into details, only to say that we were very well treated and the food was pretty ok, so we'll be back to try more.  brunch sounds good too, we'll have to try that next maybe.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2013,5/25/2014,64,41,3,8,4>I'm probably biased...Okay, I'm super biased... I love bookstores. I think bookstores are the inedible equivalent of chocolate; kind of hard to mess up. This little store has an upstairs and a downstairs, with books stacked haphazardly around and only sort of organized. I love it so much. It's full of nooks and crannies and has oldies and new books and how to guides and anything. From paperback romances to Michael Crichton and John Grisham to philosophy and religion...seriously, if you can't find at least one book you want to take away, then you're an idiot and probably don't even belong in a bookstore. Also, they have DVDs and CDs (and old vinyls, of course) there. But who goes to a cute bookstore looking for a DVD?....No one. If that's what you're looking for, go to Half Price Books.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2014,5/24/2014,146,179,,7,7>Family Tree Nursery is an excellent place to prepare for any season or event.  I say event because my man and I bought them out of large herbs for our wedding reception.  And why wouldn't we, they were beautiful.  The staff here has been very helpful on every occasion that we have visited.  We have been quickly guided to what we have asked for, and received expert advise over every question.  I especially like the recommendations that are always given.  Just explain what it is that you are looking for and be guided to your answer.My favorite part about Family Tree Nursery is the selection.  First the pots and planters.  A huge selection of plastic and ceramic and they come in all shapes and sizes.  Secondly, all of the soil, gravel, rock, and mulch you may need.  Third, a wide variety of hoses, nozzles and other gardening needs.  Finally, forth and most importantly, plants!!!  So many to choose from and just about everything you could hope for. My favorites are the succulents.  My husband and I enjoy growing our own succulents and I have found no bigger selection that the one here.  Different varieties I have never seen and the size of some of them are amazing.  True inspiration I have to say!  They also have a great variety of pre-potted selections.  Just beautiful!!Don't miss the koi pond either, they are massive!  So even if you don't think you are in the market for something to grow, drop by here and be inspired.  If you are in the market for something, make a stop here and you are sure to find what you are looking for!
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,5/23/2014,31,50,2,6,4>Really delicious food. Had the guacamole appetizer and carne asada quesadillas that was loaded with steak and chorizo...heaven! Their salsa was good though I could've gone a little spicier. Mom got the green enchiladas and, although she was thinking it was going to be something else, the spotless plate she left made me think she loved what she had. Our server and busser, Didra and Maritza, were phenomenal and attentive even though the place was crowded and busy. I would have given this place 5 stars. My only complaint is that we seemed to have come in the back door, which looks like the front door facing 119th street. There were several people standing there that were waiting for a table but no clear indication of a hostess stand or anyone that immediately greeted us and took our names. It's not until I decided that the whole set up was odd and I walked to the other end of the restaurant that I realized there was actually another entrance with a hostess stand...then all was right with the world again.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,5/22/2014,57,364,,8,3>Back today for the first time since "the change." You will all be relieved to know that it's the very same wonderful Happy Gillis that we all love, now with more seating options. I also like that the website is being updated with the daily special and there's a page for the menu as well. Good job guys!I had the bacon-date melt (half) and a half order of the butter lettuce salad. It was about $11. My sandwich was served on fresh bread, loaded with thick-cut bacon and a generous schmear of dates. The grainy mustard gave it the bright zing needed to keep the sweet dates in check. I'm not kidding about the loaded with bacon part. If you order the whole one, you might want to consult your cardiologist first!My salad was crisp and fresh. The veggies were in perfect order, love the fennel on top. My order was carry-out so the dressing was on the side. I can say without shame that I would go back right now and give them another $11 for another little cup of that buttermilk-dill dressing. I may have eaten some of it right out of the cup. The only ding I can give them is that it does take a bit of time to get your order, I waited about 20 minutes for mine. However, I was there just a few minutes before noon on a Friday. I guess I was sort of asking for it. :)
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,5/21/2014,150,498,,8,2>Restaurant Week made it affordable, but the American made it 100% magical.  Yes, we all know it's the best view in the city, no such thing as a bad table.  We had a table off to the side (sounds bad, I know) -- it was overlooking the ice rink & the courtyard with the trees still lit for the holidays, just stunningly beautiful.  Don't think that the decor is dated unless you're the type of person for whom classic elegance is passe.  Every dish was beautifully presented, like plated works of art, and perfectly delicious.  I had seared scallops, The Guy had the chicken; both exquisite.  Portions are not large, but we both felt that this is cuisine to be savored -- if you want to stuff yourself silly, head to Golden Corral next time.  We lingered over dessert, and the view... the deconstructed tiramisu may have been the best dessert I can remember.  We also shared a creme brulee, rich and delicate.  Service at every moment of the evening was attentive and completely on-point, even with the Restaurant Week crowd.  All in all, a very memorable evening, and I won't hesitate to recommend the American to anyone looking for a truly special dining experience.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2013,5/20/2014,46,37,,6,2>I ordered pizza from Downtown Pizza Company today for a meeting with my neighborhood association and was super pleased. They seem like a really new business, and I was excited to try them out. They only offer delivery; you cannot pick the pizza up at their location. (This seems odd to me, but delivery to my downtown location was FREE so no complaints!)They offer a different deal every day of the week - woot! Today being Wednesday it was 2 mediums (with 2 toppings each) for $16 -- not bad! The sizes were a little smaller than, say, a Minsky's medium, but still had average-sized slices. I'd wager one medium pizza would feed three adults, maybe four if they'd had a big lunch. And when I said I just wanted a cheese pizza, he offered to add extra cheese since technically the deal was two toppings. Nice touch. And I thought the quality of ingredients was just fine for the price. There were a couple quirks in operations that I think can be chalked up to growing pains. I called them around 3pm for an order to be delivered around 6:30pm, and they were accommodating but you could tell they weren't really used to call-ahead orders. However, when I called back to give them my credit card info (bad caller for not being ready, I know, but I assumed payment on delivery!) I had to give the second employee all of the delivery info again. They still had my order, just not the address, phone number, etc. Delivery was about 10 minutes late, but I also said "around," so I'll let that one slide, too, for now. Oh, and they deliver until 4AM!! So glad to see a downtown place open super late!TL;DR - great new downtown pizza spot that will hopefully be solid with a few more months of operation.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,5/19/2014,144,123,,7,3>After being a loyal fan to my favorite Ethiopian place in midtown I decided it was time to branch out and try some other to have a better perspective. Blue Nile is amazing. They have spiced tea and the coffee ceremony as well as the benchmark Ethiopian dishes. We went with a veggie sampler and the Doro Wat. The food was just as good as any other Ethiopian I've had.I also had the honey wine which was served in a weird vial that looked like a science vessel. It was good though, not overly sweat and heavy like some that I've had but light and crisp with a back end of honey sweetness.The spiced tea was a little below par. It didn't have enough spice to it I don't think. I used honey to sweeten it. It was just tea to me were other places have made me love the Ethiopian spiced tea.Makes for great drunk food too and it heats up well. After drinks it was about 20 a person which I think is about right for the experience.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2013,5/18/2014,31,80,4,6,2>Ended up here by chance because Nick and Jakes had to long a wait and we were hungry...you know you gotta feed a hungry Italian girl or there's gana be trouble!!!I was a little scared at first when we walked in and it was a little dark...But it all turned out good! We got the pretzel appetizer and I have to say it was yum yum yum just moist, warm and soft enough with yummy honey mustard and a cheese sauce!!! Drink were a little pricey..but stout!  The dinner was really very tasty I got the Chicken griller the portabella mushroom and gouda was very good :-) the potatoes were done just right too!  We all enjoyed are meals...On another note, we sat in the bar area it was very small and quaint but I wasn't at all impressed by the service I think our waiter was a little overwhelmed and new so we were tolerant but he was VERY slow!!  We will go back and give that burger a try for sure!
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,5/17/2014,123,254,3,11,7>When it comes to food, no cuisine quite compares to that of the French.  And all of us have beautiful dreams of whipping up some French delight for an evening at home, our kitchens fragrant with the aromas of sauces, roasted vegetables, savory meat....  However, life does not always lend itself to hours spent lovingly slaving over a meal.  Sometimes one just aims to get the food on the table.  It is for those evening that The French Market comes to the rescue!  Let me share with you a story: My husband and I were trying to manage our two year old twin daughters and supper time was rapidly approaching, but we could not figure out anything to eat for our evening meal.  Roasting a chicken takes an hour.  Same for baking a potato.  There are steaks in the freezer, but as they were frozen solid, there was no quick way to manage that.  And the idea of boneless skinless chicken breasts in another of the boring 20 minute preparations was enough to make me consider carry out Chinese (which would have been fine, but I wanted something more home-like, more comforting, more "real").  And then I remembered about French Market!  The food at French Market is prepared by the kitchen of Café Provence, a wonderful French restaurant located in the Prairie Village Shops.  The food at French Market is prepared and needs only be heated to serve.  It is the happy medium between cooking at home and getting carry out.  The Coq of Vin ($11.50) easily serves two when served with buttered noodles or potatoes.  Once home, I made us some spinach as a side, but The French market sells vegetables and soups, potatoes gratin, etc.  and everything is delicious.  Some of the food is sold in glass jars and can be kept in the refrigerator for several weeks.  It makes a lot of sense to keep a jar of Beef Bourginon in the refrigerator (and some noodles in the pantry) when winter brings bad weather and going to the grocery is too unappealing.  Beef Bourginon served over hot buttered noodles is a perfect comfort food!If you sign up for The French Market's weekly newsletter they provide a recipe of the week.  Most often, this features an ingredient available for purchase, but it is worthwhile to step out of your comfort zone and try cooking with these easy new ingredients and flavors.  I made Lamb Navarin with a jar from The French Market and a selection of fresh vegetables bought from the recipe.  It turned out great!  If you are out and about in the morning, a cup of coffee and a croissant will make you feel like you are visiting your neighborhood shop in France.  If you want to pick up a wonderful lunch item to bring home, you will be thrilled with the Curry Chicken Salad (it is head and shoulders above that of The Classic Cookie).  For my family, The French Market provides a safety net for the evenings when I otherwise might not manage to get supper on the table.  Because we live nearby, I can rush over to Prairie Village before 1830 knowing that I need only spend about 15 or 20 minutes heating up my meal on the stove when I get home.  You too can make believe that you have a French kitchen in your Midwestern home!
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,5/16/2014,57,168,1,7,5>Grunauer.When I think of German food, I'm not really sure what to think.  German chocolate cake, german potato salad.  But what else?  Lots of yelling.  Oh and sausage.  Meh.  Not a fan which is why I didn't race over here, and that's my fault because my prejudice about what is German food was delightfully put to rest.My biggest fear as someone who's primarily a vegetarian, would I find anything I'd like?  This was a paradise for me.  Sure they are known for the "wurst" family as well as meaty stews such as goulash BUT they also have a delightful schwammerl (don't even ask me to pronounce that) which is mushrooms in a paprika sauce and potatos.  It's vegetarian paperkash.  Yeah!  If you are a mushroom fan though you gotta start with the fried mushroom appetizer.  It isn't  your bar-type fried mushrooms but a variety of mushrooms in a light batter served with tartar sauce.   For a main appetizer, I get the salad sampler complete with vegetarian sauerkraut  (often times it has pork so thanks!) and of course some beer.  The menu changes frequently but they always have some great salads.  Other visits I've gotten their version of Mac and cheese:  Kseptzle which is spatlze (german pasta) along with Swiss cheese and fried onions.  It's pretty decadant but soo good. The atmosphere here is hard to describe.  It's both romantic and lively.  Subdued lighting and outstanding service and classic furnishings such as darling chandeliers are combined with the energy of great people and great beer.  This isn't the place to propose to that special someone but clearly the place to have a great time.  It's weird but when I go with my spouse it feels very intimate in spite of the vibrant atmosphere.  I blame the beer for both.Speaking of the beer, I started right into the food but the drinks here are equally important and you should start there.  A great assortment of Eastern European beers along with a few domestics for those less adventuresome -- but always served in the proper glass.  Being a beer fan, I rarely look at the cocktail menu, but other reviewers tuned me into the "dirty" martini which is essentially a Bloody Mary but served with pickle juice.  Rockin!For dessert, no German Chocolate cake or Black Forest cake.  That's ok because you can get that anywhere.  They do have some Apple strudel, but I usually opt for the crepes.  You gotta get the coffee though because it's deep and dark and best of all served with fresh whipped cream.  Actually all the desserts are served with fresh whipped cream.  Someone is doing a lot of whipping back there and I believe his name is Dieter after he retired from Sprockets.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,5/15/2014,182,452,7,15,5>La Hamburguesa Loca - translation: the crazy burger. They got that right.1 - There are good hamburgers.2 - There are great hamburgers.3 - There are stupidly great hamburgers.So what's #3 doing at a Mexican joint on slightly creepy and run down Independence Avenue a mile or so East of downtown KCMO? I have NO idea, but what a lunch experience THAT turned out to be. Power and Light District take note: this is how a hamburger should be put together. You're all pretenders. And the fries, great googlymoogly, done perfectly with a little crunch, just the right amount of seasoning. Dare I say, approaching Oklahoma Joe's quality, but not quite there. That's high praise.They say it's 8 ounces of hamburger, bacon, ham, avocado and it had some kind of sauce and lettuce and was slathered inside a ginormous poppy seed bun (see photo). Crazy. And 5 stars all the way, no, 6.Before you go: this is not particularly an area of town where you're going to feel comfortable. If you don't want to park at LC's BBQ you won't like it here either. Move that Lexus on along brother. An Applebee's awaits you somewhere. Doesn't bother me so much but I know many of you it will.The place is literally a hole in the wall with tables and chairs, faux brick wallpaper, bars on the windows, devoid of decoration, nothing fancy, mom/pop kind of place. The TV is set on a Hispanic channel and it might (did for us) distract the server. Next door is a combination Halal and African grocer. You're not in Johnson County. But it's clean, and that's it. Not particularly cheap. Two burgers, two fries, one soft drink, $25 before tip. But worth it. Best burger I've had in a long time and Westside Local in KC and Burger Stand and Dempsey's in Lawrence would be wise to see what the man in the back can do with meat and bread. Extremely filling, but not in a sickening way that some places send you.They take credit cards, no alcohol. Street parking is limited. Not a date destination unless your love interest is your gullet. Must return to see what that cat in the back can do with his native food.P.S. special shout out to Yelp pal Marcellus S. whose review nudged me into making the trip here.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2014,5/14/2014,56,75,,8,4>Let me preface by saying that there a few things that will automatically bring me out of a bad mood: 1. baked goods, 2. ice cream, 3. fresh French bread, 4. bacon.  Baked has all of these things under one roof! My husband first stopped by last week to get some tarts for dessert.  The lemon tart was mind-blowingly good!  Then the next day, my sister and I decided to grab brunch.  Everything was delicious.  The French bread was crispy, hot and delicious.  The bacon was perfectly cooked.  Finally, this morning,  I had a pain au chocolat and sausage roll.  Both are highly recommended.  I think the pain au chocolat may be the best I've had in KC---and I've tried just about everyone in KC's pain au chocolat.   This place is so good, I've been here THREE TIMES IN ONE WEEK.  I really enjoyed the French bistro motif and homey feel of the whole restaurant area.   The staff is very attentive and friendly.  I especially enjoyed talking to the girl who stands in the front area by the baked goods and coffee, this morning.  She was so sweet and helpful.   I'm really looking forward to the warmer weather, so I can enjoy brunch on their patio.   I'm definitely recommending this gem to anyone who will listen to me. *Every night for two hours before closing all of their baked goods on display in the front coolers are 50% off.  That's pretty awesome!
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,5/13/2014,43,125,,13,8>Walking into a new or established business, you sometimes just get that "feeling"..............."You never get a second chance to make a first impression."Freaking awesome first day experience at Lawrence Kansas' newest coffee shop; 'Decade'. America is the land of opportunity where anything is possible. Look no further than Decade Owner Louis Wigen-Toccalino. Louis has developed a passion for coffee during his stints in San Francisco, Salt Lake City Utah, and Lawrence over the years. He has opened a specialty coffee shop/boutique in an area of Lawrence prime for growth; or what some might call a re-birth of sorts for East Lawrence. From the outside, Decade appears much smaller than the listed 900 sq. feet it occupies. Walking into Decade, you immediately notice how big and open it feels. Dark reclaimed woods, soft lighting, cozy, and very welcoming. The are no dividers or walls breaking the place up. Another nice touch is the vinyl record player pumping music through the speaker system. But but but......here is the kicker that may turn some heads.........NO InternetI!!!!   That's correct; leave the laptops at home. Decade has decided for the time being to offer customers a place to socialize with actual human beings face to face. I guess for the introverted types, you could still bring a book or other reading material. Here's another little secret; it may not matter much longer as cell phone companies are dropping their prices on plans to access the internet by tethering laptops & cell phones together without the need for wifi. But for the time being, some might be annoyed with the lack of wifi at Decade. But my suggestion is to simply try their product before passing judgment.  A major pet peeve of many customers to any establishment are "CLEAN BATHROOMS"! Let me tell you that Decade has some of the cleanest bathrooms I've seen in a few years. The entire set-up is sparkling clean from the plumbing; new commodes; sanitary walls and everything in between. Therefore, Decade deserves major props for sitting aside a large junk of their buildout budget for brand new mens & women's restrooms. Pleasant surprise considering lots of establishments around town are known to have some of the nastiest washrooms this side of the Mississippi. Decade is using FourBarrel coffee beans and espresso out of San Francisco, CA. FourBarrel is a major player in the specialty coffee scene and the drinks I had were further proof Decade made the brilliant decision to use them exclusively. The espresso (cappuccino) was flawless! Smooth, subtle, sweet, and void of the slightest hint of bitterness. Barista Alicia Kelly pulled the first shot on this opening day and I must say: "Perfecto"! Speaking of the Baristas, Decade pulled no punches in hiring a top notch staff. Coffee options range from Rwanda, Ethiopia, Kenya, & the ever lovely Sumatra's ;)I opted for the Rwanda prepared with the trending AeroPress system. Again, the coffee was subtle and absolutely delicious. No cream, no sugar, no syrups. Simply straight black coffee exploding with flavors.Other options are French Press & Pour-Over. May sound pointless or silly to some, but Decade is really focusing on quality control through strict metrics of weighing, time, and water temps with their products. Trust me on this, it makes a HUGE difference in taste and overall quality of their product. Decade isn't here to funnel customers through like a herd of cattle as fast as humanly possible. The wait will be well worth it.  Today was a soft opening with limited offerings. Decade will be serving pastry's in the near future from a talented Parisi Cafe baker. Also, you can buy bags of FourBarrel whole coffee beans at the present time. As with any new business, a hiccup here or there shouldn't be a big deal. Once these guys get everything fine tuned with their operations, I'd bet anything they will be mentioned among others in a dynamic  coffee market between Topeka and Kansas City.       Add Decade to another growing list of fantastic coffee shops in this area of the country. My first visit to Decade couldn't have went any better. Lawrence now has two new specialty coffee shops within the last year. Both are representing Lawrence and the State of Kansas well. This is crazy! Can it get any better.............stay tuned.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,5/12/2014,88,148,2,7,3>This is hands down my favorite hookah spot in KC. The place is fairly new and has a different vibe than the others that I've visited in KC. It's really laid back and they play good music. The seats are really comfortable and the hookah is good. The crowd is usually mature and they also offer free wifi here. Unlike other hookah spots that I've been to in KC, you seat yourself when you walk in and they bring a menu to you. I also like that you pay at the end so that you can avoid walking to the counter and making multiple payments. Another great thing about this place is that it is located right next door to one of my favorite restaurants in the area. Overall, I think this place is like a  hidden gem in KC. I think business will be booming once the weather breaks, so I hope it doesn't become overcrowded and lose it's coolness as it grows. The atmosphere and music are great and the hookah flavors are good. This is definitely a place to try.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,5/11/2014,151,486,1,6,4>We had a groupon for Magnolia's so we had brunch here today. We ordered the deviled egg trio: a traditional, Creole, and salmon half egg. They were good and definitely a different twist on the normal for us. I ordered the Nutter Butter French Toast and he ordered the Red Velvet Waffles. Everything we ordered was amazing. Peppered bacon was just the right amount of crispy, the sweet potatoes hash was awesome, the scrambled eggs were even the best I've ever had. The main entree...holy food coma. This is a place that you'll be full but it's so good you just can't stop. Wear your stretchy pants and bring a few friends, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,5/10/2014,98,58,,7,5>There's a new Vietnamese place in town.  And it's epic!  A truly amazing addition to the food scene here in KC!iPho Tower (hilarious name!) is a Vietnamese-French fusion restaurant, in the midtown area of KC, across from the Broadway theater and just north of Westport.  The restaurnt is aptly named, as France and Vietnam have a rather intertwined history: French colonialism was present in Vietnam until the 1960's and has transformed a lot of the cuisine and language there.Ok, enough of the history lesson - and down to the restaurant:The restaurant is a modern-looking place, with decorations combining the French and Viet influence.  A Buddha here, paintings of the Eiffel Tower there - and fluorescent lighting on the bar.  Big TV's all over the place and French accordion music - a lot to take in!  There's also a lounge area in the back of the restaurant, where patrons can sing karaoke (American AND Asian-language songs!) 'till the late night hours.The food:  one word - AMAZING!   On weekends, they do a crawfish feed. I highly recommend this! We bought a 1/2 pound of the crawfish, which were delicious. They were marinated in a garlicky, spicy, tangy sauce, which complemented the shellfish well.  The waitress put a large plastic sheet over the table and us, to keep us oil-free while we devoured those little guys.  You can buy the crawfish by the 1/2lb or 1lb, so it was nice to have the option to have it as an appetizer or as an entree.      We also tried the Banh Mi, which is truly a French-Vietnamese fusion dish.  It is a sandwich with multiple types of marinated meats and vegetables - the Viet side, on a fresh baguette, with or without pate - the French influence.  It's really hard to find good Banh Mi in this city....and this one was exceptional.  Very tasty and huge!  I loved it and can see myself returning here frequently just for the Banh Mi.  Get the crawfish marinade to put on the Banh Mi!!!!!   We also tried the pho, a noodle soup that I use as a benchmark for good Vietnamese food.  Vietnam Cafe's (east of the Rivermarket) broth is still my favorite, but the pho here is pretty amazing as well.  The meat slices were tender and the noodles were cooked perfectly. The serving was also quite generous, and less expensive than other restaurants in town.    Other items I saw on the menu where Bun (Vermicelli) and some great-looking fusion dishes, including a beef stew that I'm excited to try.     They also have some drink specials - their iced coffee is excellent, and they even have some Vietnamese beer!The price: very reasonable for all the food we ate.  The service: the restaurant is only 1 month old, but service was still good. Our waitress was fun and friendly.  Sometimes the waitstaff didn't know something about a dish, but the owner was around and also very friendly.  Overall:Food: 5/5Ambience: 4.5/5Price: 5/5Service: 4/5Avg: 5/5 (rounding up cuz this place is unique and the food was awesome!)Great job, iPho Tower.  Let's all support this new local business, sing some karaoke together, and enjoy the best Banh Mi in KCMO!
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,5/9/2014,284,96,,7,6>How had I never heard of this place? It's so good! I've always been loyal to Aladdin Cafe and any places similar and I can say Bread for All is on the same level for great food but a much nicer, friendlier atmosphere. Side note, they had Otis Redding and Al Green playing which is awesome.We went in to just get a snack and decided on hummus along with soup and salad. The owner was as friendly as can be and told us that he opened the restaurant as a way to employ refugees and split all the tips among them. There were all kinds of good vibes, he noticed my soup was out and offered more since it was getting late in the night. We also overheard a woman bringing in an iPhone that she found in the parking lot to make sure it got returned to it's owner. This has nothing to do with the restaurant, but it fit with the good atmosphere theme. It also hit close to home because we'd seen someone make off with our lost cell phone at Alamo Drafthouse a few months back and it was nice to see the flip side of that.I spied on some people's food along with the pictures that we saw on Yelp and I can say all of the entrees looked delicious. I'll definitely be back here, I hope someday they deliver because I could eat fresh middle-eastern food everyday.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,5/8/2014,13,417,6,2,2>Do you remember what it is like when people love what they do? When people have a calling, as opposed to simply a job? Well, the folks at Formosa Bakery love to bake things for you to stuff in your sad and deprived little mouth.  Spend two minutes in the store and it becomes blissfully clear that these people LIVE to make you delicious baked goods. That - plus the fact that this is an authentic Taiwanese bakery in Kansas (of all places) -  this place deserves to be on anyone's best-of Lawrence list or must-eat in Lawrence list. As befits a work of love, everything is fresh.  In addition, Monday, Wednesday and Friday are fresh snack bun days.  If you need an excuse to stuff fresh baked bread in your mouth, here it is.  Of course, the varieties on offer are all odd to the US palette but what the hell - chow down on a little mayonnaise-filled roll sprinkled with roasted pork dust.  Stop being such a food yokel.  Do it. Live....and, when you are through trying new things, try a freaking fantastic cookie or a piece of cheesecake.  Now that you have tried the funky foreign stuff, forget the whole "Asian bakery" thing.  DO YOU LIKE COOKIES? Yes, of course you like cookies.  DO YOU LIKE CAKE?  Yes, of course you do.  Well, these people live to make cookies and cake for you and you are a fool if you don't let them. A damn fool.  Drive here in your pickup truck and buy cookies and cake.  Better yet, grab one of the six counter-stye seats and a plastic spork and eat it in the little storefront.  We can only hope and pray that some of the coffee places downtown that have less than stellar food offerings (La Prima Tazza, I am thinking of YOU here, you need the help) will start rolling up here every morning, throw piles of money at the proprietor and cart away a mountain of baked goods to feed those who don't have the moxie to seek out this bakery's hard to stumble across location.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,5/7/2014,247,223,,8,2>This new, locally owned, theater and restaurant are based on an interesting concept.  The owners are the former owners of the AMC chain, and they plan to turn this new theater into a chain.  Unlike other theaters offering food, this one has a first rate restaurant.  But there is no table service inside the theater, and the tables inside the theater are not large.  We had an early dinner in the restaurant, which has excellent seating and decor, and then went into the theater afterwards to see a film.There also is a separate concession stand, which they call the cafe.  It is nothing like the restaurant and isn't much different from many theaters' concession stands, but does offer a good selection of wines and beers that can be brought into the theater.We arrived for a 4:20 pm show.  Early in the afternoon the parking was easy, but seemed more difficult in the parking lot when we left the theater.  Another advantage of a matinee is the happy hour prices, including discounts on wines.  The happy hour pricing ends at 6 pm.  But if you arrive before 5 pm, the dinner menu in the restaurant will not be available.  We would have preferred the dinner menu, but the excellent server went out of his way to meet our preferences.Since the three theaters are not very large, it is best to arrive at least 15 minutes before the film starts to get a good selection of seats.  I understand the owners are considering opening a STANDEES in Lawrence.  I hope they do.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,5/6/2014,123,113,7,17,4>So prior to Valentine's Day, I probably would have rated it at 4 stars but something happened to push me over the edge.I have been a couple of times with my man friend for lunch.  The first time we went we both ordered sandwiches - he got the soup as well.  Massive portions and everything was delicious.  The next time we went we split the soup and sandwich with another soup.  It was delicious too. So - french onion soup - delicious.  tomato soup - delicious.  Chicken salad sandwich - yum.  Ham on baguette - a delight.  Service is decent - they do check up on you.  The windows are big and let in lots of natural light and, though not a ton of tables, the seating is adequate.  I love the art.  It just just a nice airy space.  Now on to Valentine's Day.  So after liking Sasha's on Facebook, I noticed some slightly off color heart shaped cookies being offered.  I am not talking the frosting - well I am I s'pose - I am talking the words on the cookies.  I was dying laughing and decided I needed to get some.  I called and spoke with a gentleman - I didn't catch his name - and he read me off some of the sayings on the cookies - very reluctantly I might add.  I mean, who wants to explain what DTF and DP mean to some random person on the phone?  :)  Anyway, I chose three cookies and indicated that I would pick out 3 more to complete my set.  Unfortunately, when I arrived, the customer ahead of me bought the last cookies in the case.  I was a little disappointed but it was my own fault for not getting there earlier.  I indicated that I had an order of three cookies.  The gentleman from the phone came out and found my order - and, because the cookies had been going so quickly that day, he had picked three more and completed my order for me.Seriously amazing customer service.  I am all about it and when I get it I am just thrilled.  I bought my cookies and went on my way.  I took out one for my man friend and delivered the rest to the ladies at the Flying Saucer at the Power and Light - who were delighted with the raunchy treats.So thank you, sir!  A+!
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,5/5/2014,117,917,1,6,4>Really great place, with seemingly awesome prices. My father was a designer of commercial kitchens and cafeterias, so growing up in Chicago I was a regular at restaurant supply stores. I love them. You won't find fancy stuff, but you'll find quality product at a fair price. Index is exactly like this, and this was my first time at a restaurant supply store here in KC. The place isn't huge, but they do have storage upstairs where they go to get a lot of the stuff. I needed a stockpot, at least 20 qt/5 gal, to (1) brew beer, and (2) can vegetables. The gentleman knew exactly what I needed when I mentioned home brew - stainless steel (though they did have aluminum too). Now, I expected to spend upwards of $100 on a 20 qt stainless steel stockpot with lid. Not here, my friends. It was right around $60 with tax. "Steel" of the century! (giggle giggle)So come on down to Index for all of your cooking and restaurant needs! The people are super friendly and helpful too.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,5/4/2014,181,143,4,8,5>Kansas City BBQ at its finest! I give Woodyard BBQ my seal of approval for best KC BBQ! The review cannot attest to how amazing this place is so I suggest you head over there now and give your taste buds the BBQ pampering it deserves! If you're still reading this, then you must be skeptical. Upon arriving to the small parking area, I could instantly see and smell the smoke billowing out of 3 brick smoke stacks. Yes, this is the real deal. The meats are cooked to perfection in brick ovens. It's hard to describe but once you walk in, I was able to feel the rawness of this place; what you can imagine a western BBQ joint really should be. There is a dining room with a wood burning fire place that warms the room up incredibly well. It's seriously the perfect setting.The food comes out looking extremely mouth watering and delicious that my belly starts grumbling just looking at the pictures. The burnt ends are the best I have tasted. They truly do have the cuts burnt properly with a perfect smoky flavor. It's mixed together in a BBQ sauce that just comes together so well. The Carolina pulled pork sandwich was also just as great. The pork was juicy and tender and had the right flavor. It isn't drenched in any sauce at all. You are in charge of adding your own BBQ sauce to it, which I really appreciate. This way, the taste of the pulled pork isn't hidden with BBQ sauce. The cheesy bake side is gooey and delicious. They also have sliced ham and meats in the cheesy bake as well as the baked beans. Both tasted perfect as well. The French fries taste almost like a mix between McDonalds and In-N-Out's fries: amazing.This place is the best. Period.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,5/3/2014,94,61,,9,7>With more than 600 bottles of craft beer, eight rotating taps and 25 delicious menu items to choose from, Westport's new Bridger's Bottle Shop will satisfy food and beer lovers alike. Once inside, you'll notice coolers of craft beer to the right where Bridger's organizes bottles by categories - seasonals, stouts, fruit ales, staff picks, etc. There's also a rotating selection of eight beers on tap near the register. A few of last week's selections included Boulevard Brewing Company's Rye-on-Rye, Left Hand Brewing's Good Juju and Stone Brewing Co. Enjoy By 4.20.14 IPA. Guests can drink inside the shop or take beer home with them. If you need helping choosing your booze, just ask Bridger's certified cicerone Erica Pyles. She helped me pick a bottle of Mother's Brewing Company Towhead ($4.50), an easy-drinking American blonde ale that went perfectly with my lunch. Inside Bridger's Bottle Shop is Preservation Market, the food side of the whole operation. Chef Alex Pope of The Local Pig developed the menu which includes a variety of sandwiches, salads, small plates and boards. The No. 10 Jerk Chicken sandwich ($8) is one of my favorites. It's packed with succulent seasoned chicken, Manchego cheese, habanero creme fraiche, butternut squash pickles and a cashew and fig spread. The overall taste was slightly spicy, with earthy and sweet undertones. Who knew a pickled butternut would be so dang good? I couldn't get enough of it. Another favorite is the No. 9 Italian Beef sandwich ($8) with pepperoni, Fontina cheese, fresh basil, red pepper spread and fried garlic. Every sandwich comes with your choice of barley salad, chips or cornbread as a side. Get the salad. You'll want to scoop every last bit of barley from the Mason jar it's served in.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,5/1/2014,96,108,7,10,6>Deliciously Greasy Burgers, Cold Beer ... And Air ... Yummy Truffle Fries - Must Be Dempsey's!I was a bit reluctant to try Dempsey's after reading recent reviews by my Elite '14 brothers and sisters in Lawrence, Kansas saying that "things have gone downhill" and that the burgers are "greasy", but heck ... don't burgers and grease go hand-in-hand? I am sure glad we gave 'em a shot!Don't want to gross you out, but in preparation for two scopes being inserted into my body, one in each end so to speak, two days later and the inevitable PREPeration (H), I knew I would not have a decent meal for at least 36 hours, so a big greasy burger and basket of truffle fries sounded pretty darn good!The place is a local haunt for KU (college basketball powerhouse University of Kansas) students and this particular Tuesday night in Lawrence was no exception. With about half of their burgers being offered at half-price ($4-$5 a pop) to students, I know why they were busy. But a pub with just 5 or 6 draughts available on-tap was a bit unusual.  I ordered an O'Dell (not O'Doules) IPA and at $4.50 for a British-size pint it was a good value with a strong, rich, hoppy flavor as all good IPAs do.We decided on a Mushroom, Bacon, and Swiss burger ($9), a House Burger with Bacon and Cheddar ($8.50), and a basket of Truffle Fries ($4).The fries were plentiful and awesome! Lightly salted, the hand cut fries were sprinkled with Parmesan (parmigiana in the old country) cheese, parsley, and accompanied by no less than 6 different sauces (catsup, spicy mustard, old bay and tomato coulis aioli, sweet chili aioli, truffle cream, and roasted garlic aioli ... all made from scratch). We barely made a notch in the basket, taking half home for my wife to eat the next night while I fasted in prep for the next morning's procedure under the influence of "Milk of Amnesia".As usual, on my first visit to this and many other restaurants, I ordered the simplest burger on the menu, the "House" cheeseburger ($7.50) medium-well with cheddar cheese, a big piece of butter lettuce, two thick slices of tomato, homemade dill pickle, and both grilled white (as I had asked) and raw red onion. I added bacon for an extra buck, well cooked but not too crispy. The bun was nicely toasted, looking like a "pretzel" bun even though that was not the way it was described on the menu. The burger was in-fact greasy, but perfectly so, thick, and cooked just as I had ordered it. The bun was in a bit of disarray by the time I finished, but held together until the last bite, keeping my hands relatively clean although I did go through about 20 of the rather thin napkins supplied on the table.The Bacon Mushroom Swiss Burger ($9) comes with sauteed shitake and portabello mushrooms, Gruyere and Swiss cheeses, and Applewood bacon on a toasted pretzel bun. Unfortunately, on this particular night at least, the bun was not toasted and, in-fact, was slightly cold to the touch. The burger was delicious nonetheless, an 8 ounce patty cooked to perfection with melted cheese oozing out of the side of the bun.The service was very good, especially considering the large, energetic crown consuming burgers along with mass quantities of beer. The place is a bit of a dive, plain with lots of rough wood and glass, making the room rather chilly, particularly next to the window on a cold winter night where we needed to keep our coats on during our meal. Who knows, maybe KU research indicates that beer consumption is inversely proportionate to the temperature of the room?CombatCritic Gives Dempsey's Burger Pub A Solid 7 Bombs Out of 10 ... BOMBS ARE GOOD!
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,4/30/2014,366,998,3,8,4>Cafe Des Amis was great!  I met with seven others for one of my friend's belated birthday dinner.  The restaurant was hard to find if you didn't know to look up at the restaurant's name on the building.  It was upstairs above the store that was below.  Street parking was plentiful but it was pretty empty to begin with in Parkville.  It was small and cozy (do I want to say intimate?) inside of the restaurant.  In my opinion, it would be great to go for a date and if the two of you don't mind French food. Their dinner and dessert menu were simple and we were given both from our waiter who happened to be the owner of the restaurant.  He asked if we were all paying with separate checks which was why he brought out the dessert menu, too.  The owner had a great sense of humor as well.  I ordered the Filet de boeuf Bordelais ($34) and the Crème brulée ($6).  I think three or four others at our table ordered the magret de canard ($25) which was the duck.  The bread we were given was hot, fresh, and very soft.  Our food came out later and I thought the Filet de boeuf Bordelais was good.  The portion was small for me but could be okay for somebody else.  The Crème brulée was delicious and better than other restaurants I've had it from.  I'd recommend it for dessert.Great restaurant for a date and I thought the food was good here.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,4/29/2014,54,211,3,9,6>If you're ever in the mood for some really good barbecue but feel like Bryant's is too fancy, head for LC's!This tiny joint is far out on Blue Parkway; the area looks rough, but it was quiet on Friday evening. The entire place consists of the smoker, the counter where you order, and about ten tables, one of which seems to serve as the owner's desk. You order at the counter and a few minutes later they bring you your food. Drinks are on the honor system-you tell them what you want and go get it from either the pop or the beer cooler. The beer selection includes the usual domestics, Corona, and 3 Boulevards-and all are the same price!And now the food. First, I LOVE THIS SAUCE! The first thing I thought of when I tasted it was mole sauce, so they must use a lot of cumin. It's phenomenal! Burnt ends are my favorite and the standard I judge a barbeque joint by. I think these rank behind Smokin' Guns' as my second favorite to date. They're very tender and fairly smoky; only some gristle and fat held them back on that particular night. But they're delicious. My friend got an enormous beef/turkey sandwich piled high with tender, thin-sliced meat.I had picked up a copy of the Pitch's Best of KC issue and was thumbing through it as we waited for our food. Under the barbeque section, LC's had Best French Fries, and I heartily agree. They're big and thick, but crispy on the outside and light and fluffy on the inside. The owner sitting behind us was quietly pleased when I told him.My roommate enjoys cooking outside and considers ribs the Holy Grail of barbecue.  He does a pretty fine job himself but wants to go back and see what LC can do. He won't have to twist my arm!
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2013,4/28/2014,17,59,3,7,5>Werner's makes delicious sausages.  I particularly like the ones with potato in them, and the liverwurst.   It's also a reliable source of my favorite cheese, bierkase, a smelly but nutty and lovely-tasting washed-rind variety.  (Every single time I buy it the deli person has made their distaste of handling it plain and questioned whether I was sure this was the order I intended.  I think if I was the manager I would discourage my employees from being all "ew gross" about a product I had for sale, but it hasn't felt like intentional rudeness.  I choose to think it's funny.)Werner's is a very good source for german products, and most of the charcuterie and cheese seems german.  They also sell various whole rye breads frozen.  The scandinavian products are more limited, and mostly are canned.  But hey, glad I have a place to buy canned fiskeboller when the craving strikes.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,4/27/2014,109,117,1,8,6>How have I not reviewed Vietnam Cafe yet? BEST Vietnamese food in KC, that's not an exaggeration.  The Pho is exactly what it should be, it's flavorful the rare beef steak is cut thinly and cooks in the broth, add in the sprouts, jalapenos, lime, siracha, oyster sauce, cilantro and mint! You have to use ALL the ingredients! The servers are decent and have good suggestions if you're wondering what to order. The traditional Bun is another favorite of mine. I come from a diverse town in SW Kansas and Vietnam Cafe is the closest thing to our Vietnamese restaurant at home. Also if it's really snowy out or cold and you think no one is going to be out but you want to go to Vietnam Cafe for some Pho to warm you up, be ready for a wait. Pho is everyone's warm-up soup!
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,4/26/2014,56,203,1,9,9>Talk about an old throwback.Knucklehead's is a music venue where the lights are hot, drinks are ice cold, shirt collars are blue and a perfect place to let your hair down and have a good ole time.Much of the music is slanted towards the old-country honky tonk hepcats, but you'll also see some good blues and rock artists come through and play on either the indoor or outdoor stage.  I will say that if you know your inside show is going to be busy you might want to get there early because the sight lines diminish as you get farther back. Another small note, as much as I love this venue, it is literally in the middle of the nowhere that is the East Bottoms. If you're having a good time, which I guarantee you will, please make sure that somebody in your group is okay to drive or make sure you bring some extra cash for a cab because there's nothing close that you can walk to.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2014,4/25/2014,165,132,3,11,3>My wife and I tried El Pulgarcito for lunch carry out.  Based on the reviews of my fellow Yelpers I was pretty confident that we would be happy and our experience here did not disappoint.  We ordered an assortment of papusas.  We also brought home lingua tacos, and a side of rice and horchata.The rice was tender and flavorful.  It had a nice homemade consistency and sheen.  I believe that another reviewer referred to this as the lard in the recipe.  I refer to is as the "love".  lol!  I'm typically very critical of rice when eating out, but I really enjoyed this.  I'm no stranger to the off cuts of meat, but I couldn't stomach my taco.  It was flavorful and fresh, but I found the texture of the tongue off-putting.  It is not for me.  It had too much tooth to it.  Ive never had this before so I don't know if it was the preparation or if this was typical.  Regardless, I wont be trying this again anytime soon.  The horchata here is very sweet and delicious.  It has a nutty flavor that I had not experienced in other recipes.  Overall I did enjoy it.  We brought home a few different papusas to share including chicharron, chicharron and frijoles, camaron and cheese.  Each variety was very delicious and still hot when we got home.  The papusa was tender and a nice way to eat your selected filling.  My wife was really into the curtido which is a pickled cabbage.  I really couldn't get into it, but I could be just really finicky today since everyone else seems to love the stuff.  The sauce accompaniments where spiced very well but I couldn't get into them either.  There was a green spicy sauce and a red one that was more mild.  My wife who considers herself a connoisseur of sauces  (she pulls three jars from the fridge when dinner calls for any sort of taco or chile sauce) did enjoy it.  Instead of drizzling the sauce over top she dunked each bite in her container of sauce.  For me, I just wished it had more body and more tomato flavor. So... four stars from this guy.  The papusas where awesome, so was the rice.  Curtido and sauce where meh.  I'll totally be back.  I'm not sure why it took me so long to get here!!
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2013,4/24/2014,216,313,1,8,5>If you're looking for THE tapas bar in town, go to Extra Virgin. If you're looking for a restaurant to excite your taste buds, go to Extra Virgin. If you're looking for a place to get a fantastic Old Fashioned, go to Extra Virgin. Bottom line: go to Extra Virgin! I highly recommend trying the "adventurous" items on the menu here. If you have never eaten offal before this is the quick and dirty way to get you hooked. The beef heart was more tender than I expected - a testament to the chef - it could have passed as an actual cut of meat rather than heart. The chicken gizzards were more blatantly "offal" in nature (may not be the best choice for newbies), but paired with the acidic chimichurri and crunchy pomme frites the dish ended up quite balanced. The pork belly steamed buns were a fun play on traditional Asian pork steamed buns. The pork belly was so luscious with just the right amount of fat remaining and a crispy edge. However, I recommend not letting this dish sit for long. The juices from the ramp garnish, while delicious, seeps all over the place. Over time the fluffy bun becomes soggy and the pork belly loses its crispy edge; you don't want to miss out on these textures so eat it quick. But, my god. What really stole the show was the marrow: rich, gelatinous scoops of it topped with crunchy pickled peppers spread on toasted bread, this dish is not for the faint of heart - or for those watching their heart health. But for everyone else, this is a must-try.I was also impressed at how aesthetically beautiful all the dishes were. It's not easy to make hefty, gray-tinged beef bones look delicate and vibrant, but Extra Virgin achieved that. This restaurant fully demonstrates just what you can do with offal if you're thoughtful about the preparation and presentation. 50% off HH specials until 6pm make this a totally affordable opportunity to treat yourself to this creative and scrumptious culinary experience.It doesn't hurt that I was served the best Old Fashioned (or "not so old fashioned" as they like to call it) I've had in KC yet here. The ambience is modern, a touch romantic - it suits the tapas concept well. And to top it all off, our server was jovial, attentive, and helpful. What's not to love about this place??Extra Virgin has definitely topped my list as one of my favorite places in KC to indulge in my foodie desires.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2013,4/23/2014,44,45,5,7,2>Went to the Saturday lunch buffet for $ 10.95 and had certainly the best and most diverse Indian buffet I've ever had in my life.  I've made no secret about my distaste of the buffet concept, but everything was so good, so fresh, I just have to give it up for this place.  Every dish had a bit of twist:  the dal makhani had a bit of spice to it instead of being the bland workhorse dish that inevitably comes with every buffet, the acorn squash masala was novel and amazing, ditto for the radish masala-- and the meats weren't dried up which is the most annoying tendency of the buffet concept.  Oh, and the chai tea was the most authentic I've had in the states, and the gulab jamun (finally)in hot syrup!  I could go on and on, really.  God, I will definitely be coming back to the place.I had a bit of everything, which never ends well-- I felt all ghee'd up for the rest of the day, and possibly approached Total Blockage in my GI tract.   Like the best Indian places, I ate like I was having my last meal on the Titanic, and then appropriately I went down with the ship.  And Leonardo wasn't there to save me, either.Part of the reason for their success is that they have enough customers coming in to keep the fresh stuff rotating in quickly, but that's a bit of a self-fulfilling prophecy, isn't it?  Whoa, and there were some pear-shaped mega-eaters in the joint too.  We grow 'em large here in the Midwest.  They were football coach big.  I wonder if they've contemplated doubling the price for anyone coming in who tops the scales at 300.  Anyway, it was worth it all-- and Happy Diwali to all the fine folks at Swagat!
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,4/22/2014,64,47,1,6,3>Ate here this evening for a meeting. When I showed up at the table, I had some Tofu and Awesome sauce waiting for me. I have never been a huge fan of the whole tofu thing, but I have to admit, I fell in love at first bite. Finished off the Tofu with a plate full of awesome sauce left. Tried out the pork dumplings to help finish off the awesome sauce. I would strongly recommend trying the dumplings out. They made my night. For the main course I took the advice of those dining with me and tried the Cantonese roasted duck. The oly duck I have tried before was shot about 30 min before it was on my plate. This was amazing. Got it on a bed of brown rice, and added a bit of hot sauce just to give it a kick. Unfortunately I had filled myself up on the tofu, awesome sauce, and pork dumpling and wasnt able to finish the plate. On the bright side, I got to take it home with me. Give the place a try. It is definitely low key, and a great place to have an intense conversation. Loved it, and will be returning in the future.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,4/21/2014,65,81,1,9,8>Here's why they get my 5 star rating:The staff there is amazing. They have such a passion for animals and genuinely want each animal there to go to a good home. They take such good care of the pets and help you find your perfect match, with an animal that is. I love what they stand for. They are THE No Kill Shelter of Kansas City. Hands down, take every animal they get no matter what, no questions asked. They treat all the animals if they come in sick or injured and get right onto getting them adopted. These volunteers have it rough seeing these abandoned or mistreated animals but they still keep hope and the best interest of the animal at hand. The top reason for my 5 stars, they gave me the most precious dog I could ask for! I adopted my pup there at the age of 2 months and she is now over 1 year old. I couldn't have asked for a better dog. I told the volunteers. I wanted to just click with a dog and I would just know (is this Love or an Adoption process?). Roxy is the most mellow, sweetest dog and I am so glad I took the time to visit this place!Thank you KC Pet Project!
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,4/20/2014,49,45,3,9,5>SHAZAAM!!  Talk about a hidden gem!  I'd actually driven past Leed's Diner a couple of times, while on stadium drive looking at trains.  Yes Yelpers, I'm a "foamer" - someone who gets so excited about trains, I foam at the mouth.  Don't judge me!I guarantee, however, you'll foam at the mouth when you dine at Leed's.  It's the epitome of coziness, warmth and most importantly, great food!!  The husband & I decided to check it out for breakfast recently, as God forbid there be a greasy spoon which doesn't have our stamp of approval!Tucked away on Stadium Drive just west of Manchester Traffic way and just a smidge west of the RR tracks, Leed's doesn't look like much from the outside.  But don't let appearances fool you!  Once you enter, the diner is very clean and the staff greets you very warmly.  There were others there whom obviously visit the diner often as they were on a first name basis with the staff.The fare was the standard breakfast fare - omelettes, B&G, flap jacks, etc.  However my friends, the good folks at Leed's know how to freaking cook!!!  Jesus, I'm drooling just thinking about it!  We both ordered omelletes, taters & pancakes.  The ingredients in the omellete were actually sauteed BEFORE the eggs were added!!  It was Ah-May-Zeeng!!  Cooked the way an omellete should be cooked.  (I just realized I've spelled omelette about 87 different ways.  Again, don't judge me!)The pancakes were just as fantastic.  They hovered over the plate and had perfect flavor!  And speaking of flavor, their bacon will make you slap yo' mamma.  You've been warned.Leed's is open Monday - Friday, serving breakfast & lunch during those hours.  I fully intend to take advantage of the entire menu before it's over.  Great, amazing food and the purr of trains in the background.  It just don't get any better.  (Yes, I intended to type "don't).One last thing.  Leed's only accepts cash.  But trust me, you won't need much!  Enjoy!!
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,4/19/2014,34,41,,9,2>Michael Smith's flagship restaurant qualifies as what I would consider a top five "fancy" eatery within the KC metro. It's great for special occasions--especially for those who consider themselves "foodies"--and the fact that the Crossroads are a hotbed of artistic expression and creativity makes it a perfect home for Chef Smith's creative contemporary menu.Having been to the place on four separate occasions, at various times of year, the seasonal approach to menu planning is very obvious. As with many restaurants of this level, you can choose to dine a la carte, or surrender to the whims of the chef, as he prepares a 4-, 5- or 6-course tasting menu. On the couple occasions that we've tried the tasting menu, we've enjoyed the chef's choices, and they will accommodate any dietary needs. The trick is always deciding which route to go, because the coursed menu is a really nice way to have a special dinner, but several of the a la carte items are just outstanding. For example, the braised rabbit with house potato gnocchi, shiitake mushrooms, leeks and shaved parmesan is just unbelievably earthy and succulent. A softshell Maryland crab with bacon-wrapped fried green tomato also stood out as a wonderful summer starter, and there is almost always some well-done version of a foie gras dish.Obviously, food has to be the main attraction at any place as expensive as Michael Smith, but it's worth noting that they do pull off the modern white tablecloth restaurant with highly capable waitstaff quite well. The fact that next door's Extra Virgin is also under the same ownership really allows them to have some economies of scale with food ordering while also giving them the freedom to really focus on upscale, using EV for the more casual diner. The only reason MS doesn't get a fifth star from me is because while the service is never lacking, and the food is well-prepared, it's not mind-blowing. It's always good, sometimes great, but definitely worth your money for a special occasion (especially with one of the great Groupons).
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,4/18/2014,91,67,,8,4>This is my favorite restaurant in KC. I am never disappointed by the service, the food, and the overall experience. My husband and I come here periodically just because we know we will always have a special experience at a digestable pricepoint. Breaking it down:Food - Wonderful! The dishes here are not scary, rather they take very normal ingredients and basic dishes but do them with a twist that takes the normal into a realm where the food becomes a special and unique experiece. My personal favorite dish here is the shrimp and grits, but I also recommend the pheasant with fried rice and if you are feeling froggy and want something decadent and rich, the loaded baked potato gnocchi.Drink - GREAT cocktails! Inventive and unique and something I always look forward to at this place. There are many to choose from, but I enjoy the Smoking Gun. Wine list is also good.Service - Some of the best I have had. The servers are incredibly knowledgeable and know how to be attentive without overbearing. Everytime I have asked for information or recommendations, I am impressed and never disappointed. Vibe - This is where Gram and Dunn really brings all the great elements thay have going for them together. The decor is unique and beautiful, modern, and comfortable. I always feel like I am somewhere special but you feel equally comfortable here in jeans or a cocktail dress. The main feature is the fact that this place has the option of being open air with a wall of doors that open to a huge patio. You can enjoy G&D winter, fall, summer, and spring. I kind of just want to live here. Price - Honestly, this place is a deal. While the prices are higher than some places, the quality of food for the price is unbeat in KC. I have paid a heck of a lot more at other upscale places that don't touch G&D for what they do in the kitchen. Finally, GO. Please experience this AWESOME restaurant as soon as possible!
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,4/17/2014,80,254,,9,7>As a birthday gift, my bfff treated me to an evening at Grapes and Paints, and we had a great time. We arrived on time, not knowing exactly  what to expect, but with a bottle of wine in hand. We put on aprons, opened the wine, poured a glass and took a seat.  The instructors hand out the palettes with paint, and guide you step by step through the specific painting you are creating. Like Brandi C, my bfff is a bit of a perfectionist, so as she painted she uttered curse words under her breath, riddled with her perfectionistic anxious tendencies. I was doing much better, until I had a major screw up, due to me not listening to the directions. Whoops. An instructor swooped in and assured me that my mistake could be corrected with little noticeable damage. I am pleased with the final product, and had a lot of fun creating it. I would recommend this activity for a date or a low key girl's night out. Check out the website if you are interested in attending a class, and keep in mind that you can attend a "freestyle Sunday" and paint without the guidance of an instructor. Also, check local websites for coupons (living social, groupon, etc), to score a great deal on the price.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2013,4/16/2014,35,139,,11,3>I work off the K-10 corridor and we're constantly looking for great places to go for business lunches. I was so excited when read in the KC Star that Grand Street was opening a location in Lenexa this fall and couldn't wait for a lunch date. It's been years since I last dined at the original location off the Plaza. At that time I thought the brunch was just good (not great) so I hoped the latest incarnation would take all the things I remember that made the original location once great and elevate them. They have hit a home run out south!We were celebrating my co-worker's birthday and wanted something classy and elegant, that is exactly what Grand Street is. The decor feels luxurious and modern, but still quite warm. Some of the walls are faced in 3D Textured Wall Panels, the back wall is a beautiful cobalt blue and the crystal chandeliers add a touch of sophistication. I enjoyed the Brined Roasted Pork Chop served with crispy ham and Swiss potato gratin, roasted Brussles sprouts, pearl onions and bacon, black cherry sauce. The chop was good, the black cherry sauce was similar to a BBQ sauce, the crispy ham was divine. I will be back for the sprouts (this is not a phrase the six-year-old-me thought I would ever write). We all really enjoyed our food. Our service was a little slow, but I assume that is related to the newness of the restaurant and will be worked out. It wasn't terrible, but it could improve. I inquired with the server if the restaurant had a gluten free menu or if they marked items on the menu that were gluten free. I am starting to see this at more and more restaurants and it makes my life easier. Unfortunately this is not something offered at Grand Street. On a side-note, I noticed the restaurant has a couple of beautiful private rooms. One looked like it could hold about 20 people. The other looked like a ballroom that could host a formal meeting, holiday party or even a wedding reception. How lucky a bride would be to host her special day at Grand Street!Would I go back? Absolutely.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,4/15/2014,45,131,,8,3>So, we walk in on NYE, no reservations or anything...I wasn't thinking that we were going to eat at the casino.....well the buffet line was snaking through the casino, the bar upstairs was packed and a long line....so we decided to go to the steakhouse. I walk in and realized I didn't have a reservation (duh, it's NYE..but we were starving at this point.) The Host said they didn't have anything opened till 10:30 that night...and it was about 7:30 at the time, just as we were walking away she said, well the bar has the same menu and it's self seat. so we turned around and just happened to be two seats open. We then were greeted by the bartenders and they were awesome that night. They busted their butts the whole time we were there, They were super busy considering the night and they still gave us the time of day to have a conversation w/ us. there was a pre fixed menu that night. I got the kc strip, my husband got the filet. Both were good! Cooked perfectly, we both got med. rare. and the sides were great! Desserts were just okay. but really no complaints!
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,4/14/2014,20,69,,12,3>Snack Shack is pretty solid. If you're looking for a fresh, hearty no frills burger this is the place to get one. It is tiny, and you feel a little squished if you're sitting at the little sidebar facing the wall between where people are ordering and the door, but I've never had trouble finding a seat. The staff is fast and friendly and they seem to have regulars.All ingredients are FRESH FRESH FRESH. The burger is thick & juicy, not too greasy.  Portions are large, fries and o-rings are good and burgers are spot on. Also, the old fashioned milk shakes come in a glass with the extra in the metal shaker on the side, and they are to die for. Perfect little lunch spot.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,4/13/2014,41,102,7,13,8>I can yap 'til I'm blue in the face about how awesome some of my other favorite Mexican places in town are, but none of them, no matter how hard they try, will ever be able to make empanadas this good. Probably because they're Mexican restaurants and not Venezuelan.  Now, while South American cultures use similar ingredients to Mexican fare, the dishes and flavors are totally different. So don't walk in here looking for a plate covered in refried beans and burritos. No, here, my friends is where you get a side of the southern hemisphere we rarely get up here; the incredible food. First off, be adventurous when you pay this place a visit. Really. I promise you won't regret it. Talk with your waiter/waitress about what they recommend or what their favorites are - they almost always know best. Our waitress was probably one of the best and sweetest I've ever had. She was fun, had great recommendations and explained everything we asked and was just genuinely pleasant to be around. On to the food. Where do I begin? I ordered a beef empanada and forgive me for not remembering the official name, but it was the avocado chicken salad stuffed arepa. HOLY MOLY. Wow. Just. Wow. The dough was super crispy, piping hot and a marvelous contrast to the cool and refreshing salad within it. It kind of resembled a pita style sandwich where the pita was stuffed, and was actually a lot bigger than I had originally thought. Definitely give the horchata a try, whether it's flavored or not. This place has the best I've ever had - I'll be ordering it every time! I'm so glad we found this place. If it hadn't been for Yelp, we probably wouldn't have for quite some time. So, thanks Yelp!
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,4/12/2014,76,303,3,10,6>Well, finally! Downtown Overland Park really needed another great eatery, and we sure got it with Lemongrass Thai! The hubby and I stopped in on a Saturday for lunch and it was fairly slow. Service was fast and friendly. My hubby had the yellow curry which had a lovely flavor. I had the pork pad thai and I ordered it Thai spicy. I got quite a look when I did that, but it came out with a really nice level of heat, plus I received chili powder and two hot chili sauces on the side. I tried both of the chili sauces including the "extra hot" one and liked them both. I really like that I can order food here Thai spicy and actually get it that way! For those who don't like the heat, they do have multiple levels of heat including no heat (mild). Following his lunch, my hubby ordered mango sticky rice and it was really amazing! The last time I tasted mango sticky rice this good was at Sweet Basil when they first opened.The interior of the space is a bit reminiscent of the dyslexic previous business that was a nightclub/sushi joint/"speakeasy," but they've painted the place in some nice soothing colors. Also, because I've been to so many restaurants lately with horrible chairs, I feel I must comment on the chairs here: they're really comfortable! I noticed that immediately upon sitting down.I think I've found my new favorite Thai restaurant and I'm so happy it's in my neighborhood!
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,4/11/2014,184,189,,9,6>It finally happened, the 403 club made the move to a larger venue with room for all the pinball and beer you can stand. I attended opening night and I have to say that it was a great thing to bear witness too. The crowd was happy to see the layout of the new place including 8 pinball machines, a freshly felted/leveled pool table, and a change machine. The bathrooms are freshly updated and very clean. The bar is simple and is keeping with the tradition of the old location, a great beer selection with a good back up of spirits. Still waiting to see if the hot dog machine turns up. Overall I am very pleased with the new location, the patio is great and the interior is very warm and inviting. Congrats to Artie and the 403 family!
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,4/10/2014,35,66,5,10,7>Let me tell you about my experience (which will be long so get ready) at Salon Kismet.  I am not a girl to get nails done, maintenance hair, clothes etc.... thrift stores and target are a god send to a girl like me.  With that being said, I have not been to a formal salon in 3-4 yrs and had "virgin" dark brunette hair.  I wanted a change and was ready to go blonde.  I got a 50 for 75 yelp deal and called to set up an appointment.  There was a cancellation for the next day so I got right in.  I made the appointment with Stacie who was ready right when I got there and greeted me with a huge smile.  She was warm and welcome, completely making me feel comfortable.  The salon itself is absolutely adorable! Small and quaint with personal touches everywhere.I told Stacie what I wanted and showed her a picture and she reassured me it was super easy to do.  It took a total of about two hours from start to finish, yet I really didn't notice since Stacie and I were talking (mainly about out pups) the whole time.When we were done I was very happy with the outcome, although I didn't take a lot of time to look at it.  She did an "ombre" strawberry blonde, which wasn't exactly what I had wanted, but it still looked great.  Probably one of the best hair cuts I've ever had too!  She did tell me when you are brunette, it is hard to go all the way to blonde in one setting and I would need to come back in for highlights in about 6-8 weeks to lighten it for spring/summer.  For this reason is why i thought maybe it didn't "take" as much blonde as I had wanted.I waited 24 hours to let it sit, contemplating if that was the right color for me.  I was very skeptical of calling to go back in because I was happy with the experience and didn't want to offend anyone.  Well, the red tone in my hair came out more so when I washed it to a very strawberry brassy blonde.  I called Sunday morning to come back in.  Left a message because I knew that they were closed anyway.  The following week I got a phone call from the owner.  She profusely apologized for the wait on getting back to me and explained that if its not what I wanted they have a 7 day policy if you need a change.  I was so appreciative of that and she worked with my schedule to get me in asap.  I am a shy person, so going back in was kind of nerve wracking for me.... but when I got there the owner was there and Stacie was smiling and ready!  She explained that no matter what she wanted me to be happy with it and she wouldn't charge me even if we had to do another all over highlight.  Luckily she chemically treated the brassiness out and it only took 30 minutes.  Which was also free and it looked so much better after I was happy with it.  When I was finished the owner explained again how they always want me to be satisfied and if I got home and it wasn't what I wanted to call again.  As scared as I was for this experience - this salon, the stylists, and the owner made this a place I will always go back to!   Needless to say Stacie is awesome!   Whew what a rant!
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,4/9/2014,100,160,1,7,5>I didn't realize this was in the Pizza 51 family until I arrived. So I was not surprised I liked my meal. Since we frequent 51 for the 'za, I decided to try a sammie. I love me a good Reuben, so I landed on the Milwaukee Style Corned Beef Reuben. I don't know what makes it Milwaukee-Style, but I approve. I noticed the KC Style Reuben has creamy slaw. Which sounds different, but good. There was some heat in the mustard that was lovely. I think a smidgen of horseradish. They were out of chips, so I went with cottage cheese. Next time I think I will go with the German Potato Salad. The location seemed a little...out of the way, even though it is right downtown. But the place was packed, so I guess they are doing well. I love that this place has history - reopening after 75 years. How cool is that? The space inside is lovely and I find the steep stairs and balcony seating area charming.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,4/8/2014,30,269,2,7,5>Ridgewood Donuts how do I LUV thee...let me count the ways.When you step into the store it smells like sugar heaven!  Get there at 7:30 on a Saturday morning and MOST of the cases will still be pretty full and you may be able to get your "favorite".  Last Saturday at 7:40 a.m. I got the one remaining Bavarian Creme filled doughnut in the tray!  Hubby was pleased!Ask me what my "favorite" is and I will say it's whatever I have in my hand at that moment.  I'm just happy that Ridgewood Donuts is still around after all these years.  Oh, and by the way, I hardly ever leave the store without an old fashioned Buttermilk doughnut and if I really want to load up on the calories and fat I'll go for at least one Long John or a big old Bear Claw!  And did I mention the wonder of biting into a warm, slightly squishy, regular glazed?
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,4/7/2014,86,112,10,11,7>I have gotten the best haircuts, beard and eyebrow trims, and shampoo/head massages here from Stephanie that I've ever gotten in my life. My mom is a client here and has said the same. Only she doesn't have a beard. At least I don't think she does. Or maybe she does and Chop Tops does the most incredible woman's beard removal service in the Midwest along with being a great salon otherwise. I wouldn't put it past them.The prices are great. They carry products for men and women including "old school" wax and pomades and facial hair products, which hasn't been my experience at other places. They have their own parking lot, so no Westport parking worries. A PBR in hand from the incredibly nice owner Jim while waiting for an appointment is an excellent touch.I know people come to Yelp looking for suggestions in these reviews. If you're looking for a new spot to get your hurrs did, stop and call Chop Tops, ya turkey. Do it!
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,4/6/2014,48,107,3,9,5>I thought I knew Kansas City and found all the good places to eat,  I was wrong.  Novel Restaurant (The waitress pronounce it like the book, but it's a spinoff of Nouvelle Cuisine) is a new hidden gem that everyone needs to try.  If you have clients or friends in town, this place is a "must go to" for dinner.  It's also perfect for date nights or a small group (6 or less).  This place reminds me of Acadia Restaurant in Little Rock, AR (fine dining restaurant with outdoor patio deck) and the Buttery in Lewes, DE (high end restaurant in an old house).  The Novel is uniquely situated in a old house, multiple floors, with an outdoor patio deck (awesome atmosphere).  Friendly hostess (Blue) and knowledgeable wait staff.For Apps I tried Hamcachi Crudo, Butternut Squash, Pig Head Ravioli, and Fried Duck Necks.  All very unique, with great presentation, texture, and flavor (amazing).  I don't think you can go wrong with any apps on the menu, if you're willing to be adventurous. For dinner, I tried the Sirloin Steak and Duroc Pork Chop.  The steak was seared perfectly and the pork chop had tons of flavors.  The presentation were beautiful, the blend of sweet, salty, and texture were perfect.The wine list is a bit limited, it would be cool if they allow BYOW with a cork fee.Overall, I'm very shocked I haven't been here earlier.  This is now my new favorite place for a special dinner in KC.  The Novel uses natural ingredients and everyone who works here seems passionate.  The Novel is as unique as Justus Drugstore Restaurant, but half the price and half the driving distance (from Shawnee).  Yelpers, stop reading other reviews and call for reservations (it's a small place and gets booked up quickly).Cheers.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,4/5/2014,64,139,,12,6>Wow, what a surprise! I have hesitated to go here because of the silly name. Maybe my low expectations had something to do with why I liked it so much. But I had brunch here today and man, was it good. $22 gets you three courses plus coffee. Let's go through the courses. There are two choices in each course, but this is what I ordered. 1. Cinnamon Roll. The best one I've ever had. Not overly sweet, very large, and very dense. Yet it was oddly light in a way. Not what I was expecting, but I will be dreaming about it for a while. Served with an awesome chunk of mascarpone butter.2. Biscuit & Gravy. A large, rectangular biscuit smothered in Italian sausage gravy. Very good, probably would have liked it better if I wasn't so full of cinnamon roll. The biscuit was a little hard for my taste, but good flavor.3. Korean Breakfast. I had to give this course to my friend. At this point I am too stuffed to eat another bite. There is a picture of it on here, I think. So, you get my point. Only get the three courses if you are really hungry. Coffee must've been good too, I don't drink coffee often, but this didn't need cream or sugar.The service was good, and the owner is super nice and down to earth. The restaurant is nice and open, with big, clean windows and pretty furnishings.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,4/4/2014,95,53,,7,5>I love that top chefs are finally coming up with creative, delicious dishes for the vegetarians among us.Every time I've been to the Rieger, there has been at least one and usually three options for me, and everything has been delicious.Others rave about the steak and the fish and scallops (I know my dining companions sure did), but I'm here to tell you that the risottos and the salads and the other creative veggie offerings are just as wonderful.The bartender comes up with creative, wonderful cocktails and mocktails, with interesting flavors and ingredients.The service is perfect - attentive but not obtrusive. The decor is lovely, even if you are a bit close to your neighbor. And I love the open kitchen, where you can watch the magic happen.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,4/3/2014,44,213,,6,4>Two great meals here and the Farmhouse continues to impress. My most recent dining experience here (after a trip to the symphony) set the FH well ahead of similar eateries in the River Market area. Their attention to detail and deliciously crafted local foods really make this a must visit location in KC. Chicken two ways might as well be called "chicken for dinner, lunch tomorrow, and dinner again." I felt guilty having this much food on my plate at one time. It was tremendous. My wife's short rib was a little smoky for my palate, but still very tasty. Another friend had the rabbit ravioli, not something I would ever order on my own, but also excellent. the best experience here (outside the rocking drink menu) was the service. Our guy took time to carefully explain different menu items and answer all of our questions. Sitting at the chef's table in the front of the house was a treat and a little extra attention didn't hurt either. Food service was a little slow but this is not out of the ordinary for a place of FH's caliber where your meal and conversation supersedes  the house trying to get you out the door to flip the table. Will definitely trek back down to River Market soon to try some more seasonal options at the Farmhouse. Absolutely terrific dining experience.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,4/2/2014,43,227,2,9,5>Went here for dinner with my ladies and we had a wonderful time. We started off at the bar where I had the Pimm's Punch and absolutely loved it. Seriously, caramel in a drink? I'm sold and I was pleasantly surprised with how prominent that flavor was but how balanced the overall drink turned out. Yum.As for dinner, we tried some of the whipped goat cheese with honey, herbs, and sea salt. It comes with crostini but, being GF, I couldn't have that and I can tell you that the cheese was just as good straight off a spoon! The menu is large and in charge with well done, intricately put together local fresh dishes. I saw the hen livers and really really wanted them but turns out they're fried in the same fryer as everything else (aka possible gluten contamination). Sadly, I chose something else, the smoked salmon appetizer. It was nice but since it wasn't what I really wanted, the livers, it didn't quite hit the spot. It needed salt too. Dessert was a wonderful end to the meal and made up for the semi-disappointing smoked salmon plate. I had the chocolate mousse with fresh mint ice cream. The mousse was super thick and creamy and the mint flavors with the icy coolness complimented everything perfectly. I could have easily had another four cups of it. So good!! Plus, it was GF, even down to the cocoa and sugar crumble on top which the waitress was nice enough to check on to make sure it didn't contain flour.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,4/1/2014,21,97,4,15,7>Stopped in tonight to toast a friend's birthday, and ended up getting hungry and having the Rieger Pork Soup as well. WOW.  Selections included five or so sparklies by the glass (I had Prosecco, husband had Moscato).  Ten or so champagne cocktails (ranging from standard Kir Royale to more creative (AMAZING-LOOKING) fancypants stuff.  Small plates like assorted olives, a jambon plate, I think I saw rabbit foi gras on there, a glorious-looking Croque Madame, the aforementioned pork soup and a $45 cavier plate that looked intriguing, but alas, no.  Sweet plates included profiteroles, and chocolate mousse.  Seriously, everything looked so good that I nearly blacked out, I'm forgetting almost everything. Sorry, guys.   The decor is ultra-cute and this is NOT new waitstaff - these people definitely knew what they were doing. Anyway, I paid for two glasses of bubbly, birthday friend's cocktail and the two soups and the total bill was under $40. Worth checking out - we're going back soon.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,3/31/2014,87,56,2,9,5>I adore this place! It's upscale dining decked out in homey decor that will just warm your heart up this winter! Walking in, the darkness took me aback but immediately the candle lit atmosphere embraced me with a comforting glow, perfect for the type of food that they served. So happy to have celebrated an Early Valentine's day dinner with my close group of friends and my partner in crime of course!We were seated on an elevated stage, which brought a whole new meaning to "high" class dining! Our waitress was quite prompt from refilling our waters to having the our orders timely served. The menu is written on a chalkboard, in the back of the restaurant in huge lettering, but I wished that they also had menus at the table for those of us that didn't have a clear view of it.We started off with a couple of appetizers. The Steamed Mussels were cooked to perfection. I don't think I've ever had mussels that tender and soft, they literally slip off of the shell. Not to mention that the sauce that it was in made me literally impossible to want to stop dipping the bread in it. Delicious! We also ordered the Spinach and Brie Tart. The cheese was subtle, but creamy and rich, full of flavor down to the crust. The crust was a definitely a little tease to what was to come for the star of the this restaurant...the Potpie!While everyone at my table ordered the the Chicken and Vegetable Pot Pie, I went with the Beef and Mushroom Pot Pie and I am so glad that I did! First of all, it was a behemoth of a pie that I clearly was not expecting, as the people probably saw on my face as this dish of epic proportions was handed to me. The beef was cooked to perfection (love it when meat tastes like it was in a crock pot cooked patiently for hours), far more superior than the chicken alternative which I felt was not seasoned or cooked to my liking. The beef melted in your mouth and the mushrooms gave off a great taste! The crust was excellent, when you bite into it, it's reminiscent to a croissant pastry, so golden flaky yet light and airy. I probably should have halved it with my partner, but I before I knew it I ate it all up. Forget the counting calories or probably it being too much food intake for the day, this potpie was so delicious that I felt like I inhaled it! I was able to taste a bit of the Pan-roasted Chicken. Next time I will definitely order this dish. I loved the crunchy skin and the sauce, oh that sauce was delectable! Full of flavor, but not overtly seasoned. It was great to see that the restaurant doesn't just rely on their crutch of having such a signature potpie, but also excel in their other dishes that unexpectedly surpassed my expectations for this place. Always a delight to be taken aback by new restaurants, in a good way!It's easy to pass by this place, because of how low key the store front is only advertised by a sign on the window...but don't pass this up! This place is a gem that sticks out in melting pot of an eclectic array of restaurants in Westport! Happy Eating!
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2013,3/30/2014,82,53,,6,3>As a militant urban core fan, it takes a lot for me to admit that I can get better food in the suburbs. It is even less likely that I'd load up the car and make the trek to have a meal there, but that's exactly what I've done for Flavor of India. Twice.Once for dinner, my friends and I split some vegetarian options, all of which were exceptional. We had Bhindi Masala (okra), Channa Masala (chickpea), and Malai Kofta (veggie dumplings). Of those, the dumplings were the most memorable, but all three dishes were very flavorful and delicious. All of this was sopped up by some of the best garlic naan I've ever eaten.We loved it so much, we returned several days later for the lunch buffet, which was delicious but didn't deliver the amazing flavors we'd found at dinner. The veggie options were a bit more limited, and I found myself dreaming of the dishes we had at dinner.Sure, a buffet affords you the opportunity to try a variety of things, but I'd definitely recommend doing what we did. Bring some friends, order a few things to share, and enjoy them fresh out of the kitchen at dinner. The lunch buffet just didn't do the food justice.Oh, and let me know if you want to carpool, urbanites -- because it is worth the trip.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,3/29/2014,160,211,,10,6>This place is absolutely amazing.  I had a sleeve done by the incomparable Steven Campbell, and I have never been more impressed by a tattoo artist than I am by him.  He was fast, efficient, flexible, reasonably priced, and fun to talk to (which helps if you are sitting there for 8 hours).He helped me take a design I'd been working on for about three years, including a hand drawn scribble fest that looked like a four year old made it, and turn it into something I have on my body now, that I absolutely love.  His prices were really good, better than most places I've checked.  He changed several things last minute, and incorporated two other pieces into the new work, making it all look like one big piece.Can't say enough good things about the dude.  Check the pictures for my sleeve when it has healed.  I highly recommend this place, especially Steven Campbell, for all your tattooing needs.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2014,3/28/2014,102,158,1,10,4>Yes, it is in a gas station.  But that has no bearing on how decent of a menu or food experience one can have here.  And over the past year, I have noted various improvements, and additions to the "decor", as well as some outdoor seating.You can't go wrong with an affordable, flavorful meal option at Papu's.  You can stop in for a fill-up, and satisfy your hummus or falafel craving.  How much better can it get.I'm glad to have a place like this in walking distance of my house.  I have sent many an out of town visitor there when they are wanting the closest food option.Prices are good, menu is good.  Food is definitely good.  Even though I can no longer eat the majority of the menu, I still highly recommend it for others.  My reasons are based on dietary restrictions alone.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,3/27/2014,117,117,3,9,6>Every now and again, I find myself working out of our Wyandotte County office.  I love working there because right down the way is Sunset.  It's a true neighborhood joint, but very friendly and truly has the Dotte feel to it.  Kin and the crew know the regulars and even if you are not a regular, they are going to treat you like you've been a patron for years.Their burgers are great.  Juicy and flavorful.  I recommend the seasoned fries with it.  They also make a pretty awesome plate of nachos.  the have a Mexican menu featuring tacos and burritos.  I have yet to order anything I did not like off their menu and their prices are seriously inexpensive.  They also get high praise from me for their handling of an order error.  They took care of it right away, no muss, no fuss.Seriously stop in if you are down the 82nd and Parallel way.  Make sure you give yourself plenty of time though.  Not because of service, that is lightning fast.  Give yourself time to stay, relax, and make some new friends.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,3/26/2014,146,44,2,16,4>I'm a fan of saving money, and LaBaron's not only helps me look presentable, but does it for a great price: $5! Those who say you can't get a decent haircut for a cheap price are mistaken. LaBaron's is tucked away behind the Taco Bell, and comes up right before you head into Downtown Overland Park.Granted these are students who are doing the hair cutting, instructors always double-check with the students before the cut begins and afterwards, to touch up anything. Don't expect any crazy styles, but from experience, the students do do layers and point cuts. Sometimes the instructors would help with the swoop bangs.Even though the $5 isn't supposed to cover a blow-dry, I've gotten my hair blow-dried every time afterward at no additional cost.I've even had the opportunity to get a spa pedicure, and have gotten French tips done here before (no additional cost). Now, if you're lucky, you'll get someone who has their own jewel kit to add some bling on your toes (also for no additional cost)!If you're a simpleton like me and don't mind paying for a $5 haircut by a student, I do recommend trying this place out. Saving money on services like these, help me spend my money on other worthwhile things (like good food). Another cool thing--after getting my haircut one time, I realized I wanted it shorter. I came in a week later, and they were able to adjust my style, once again, at no additional cost.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,3/25/2014,33,43,2,5,4>I honestly don't think there's enough space on yelp to really say all I love about this place.  Quay has become a staple for us anytime we want to go for coffee.  The shop location is great and the space inside is very welcoming and inviting.  All the guys that work there are great as well.  A couple of them, were even patient enough to put up with 8 girls starting their night out on the town for a Bachelorette Party with them.  They made us all espresso shots and even assisted in giving us some small cups of milk for those that had never had an espresso shot before and were having trouble finishing it.  I LOVE their spiced Latte.  Now even more that fall is arriving.  They don't have a typical drip coffee, if that's what you go in there expecting.  They make each cup of coffee individually, so if you're not used to that, just be patient!  It's so worth it!
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,3/24/2014,30,44,3,9,5>I can't believe people didn't mention the most important thing in previous reviews...wait for it...5% discount if you show them a Gomer's receipt. So order your stops appropriately, as they share a parking lot (and you know the prices and service in Gomer's are top notch, too.)I think the best thing about the Broadway Butcher is the service. They are amazingly nice, and helpful.The second best thing are the products crafted in store- thing beer brats, sausages, soups. The other day they had chicken wings, already braised with just salt and pepper. All I had to do was sauce and throw on the grill while the main course was cooking and my kids were assuaged with BBQ wings. Good idea, and helpful suggestion.I also think their meats are very good. Their seafood is also good, but pretty expensive. I didn't think the meat was out of line, but the seafood is pretty high.They have lots of fresh cuts, butchered in store, and a couple freezers full of exotic meat, so if you need ground boar (and who doesn't) this is your place in midtown KC.Great addition to the neighborhood.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2013,3/23/2014,57,252,3,10,3>I just gave a Chinese restaurant 5 stars! I have found my favorite place, y'all! I've been waiting and now my search is over. I can e x h a l e...It's that good. Chinatown Express not only brought back memories of my favorite Chinese place from High School ( it shall remain nameless due to it's severe fall from favor), but it's super cheap and has the best flavor of any I've tried lately. I ordered Shrimp with Garlic Sauce and it was loaded with awesome veggies including these little black squiggly things that are mushroom-esque in taste and nature and I have no idea what they are. We asked once at said "High School Favorite" and the tiny Asian lady told us and said it helps "clean you out". So while I forgot the name, I have never forgotten this little black squiggle's possible detoxing abilities. For 6.75 plus tax you get fried rice, shrimp with garlic sauce packed with bell peppers, onion, water chestnuts, broccoli, and little black squiggles of detox potential. You also get an eggroll and a crab rangoon. The kids got fried rice and chicken lo mein. Hubby got his standard General Tso's Chicken. It was all good. All of it. What more could you want?! Soup. You could want soup. In our hunger, we forgot to order soup. You can make bad decisions when you're famished. Here's another one: We forgot to take pictures. We tore into the sack and scarfed down all the yumminess without one photo. And I call myself Elite! For shame! In my defense, the intoxicating aromas coupled with intense hunger dulled my senses and that's why I didn't take a photo. When you try Chinatown Express you'll understand.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,3/22/2014,47,10,6,13,8>Be warned, this review may turn into a love-letter to Bluestem. My parents and I celebrated my birthday at Bluestem last night. It was our first time dining there and we had a fabulous time. We decided on the five course tasting menu. Everything I had (cauliflower, risotto, scallops, ribeye, and lemon dessert) were perfect. Can't emphasize that one enough. Seriously delicious. After my dad made sure the staff knew it was my birthday, they went above and beyond to make it special, ie: cake cocktail, after dinner "drinks" consisting of prosecco and sorbet--something you need to try--right now, and a few other tasty little desserts.Speaking of drinks, my mom ordered her favorite cocktail, a pomegranate martini (a pometini, if you will) and we both agreed it was the best pometini we'd ever had. Those bartenders know what they're doing.So, thanks to the Bluestem staff for making my 24th birthday such a lovely night. If you have something special to celebrate (or just want some of the best food you'll have in quite some time), I highly recommend you let Bluestem spoil you for the evening.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,3/21/2014,212,100,3,4,5>YUM!  It was a stiff claim when the bf told me he knew where the best burger in Kansas could be found outside of Kansas City. I have my own very strong opinions about burgers and was beyond skeptical.  I stand before you a converted believer in The Burger Stand.We had two burgers but the burger coma and increasing 30's moments has prevented me from remembering which.  What do I remember?  The melted Gouda that made me curse the lactose gods for making me limit how much I could try, the meat that was cooked to absolute perfection, and the fact that it was picture worthy when my gluttony helped push me through to the last bite of these decadent and delicious burgers.    There are a few things that people learn out my eating eating habits very quickly and one of those things was 100% proven at The Burger Stand...I freaking love Ketchup.  And other condiments.  But really just Ketchup.  This place has the BEST condiments bar I've been to in a very long time.  An entire shelf of homemade sauces that range from this awesome Ketchup to melted Marshmallow wonderment-or so I call it-that would be divine on their Sweet Potato Fries.  We tried the Duck Fat Fries per my boyfriend's insistence but the next time I go, those Sweet Potato Fries will be mine!It's ok if you don't go to Burger Stand.  It makes the line shorter for me!  But you really should go.  You'll thank me when your food coma has passed and your mouth is salivating for another visit.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,3/20/2014,101,236,,8,5>I think I have found my Nirvana. I visited here on a Saturday afternoon for the first time with a group of friends. The cooler of beer, for on site or take home enjoyment, is very eclectic and has great signage (tells you the abv, ibu, and descriptions of all the selection). If you prefer a draft, they have so many that they have to have a scrolling screen. The bartenders are super friendly and very knowledgeable. Not only do they have an amazing beer selection, they also have an amazing upper deck, with garage doors to orb when the weather is nice.  They have games you can play... nothing is better than some great beers in a sunny spot, playing Cards Against Humanity with friends. I will be back soon and often.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,3/19/2014,182,367,,6,4>Love their brunch!  It's wise to have a reservation on the weekend because this place is small inside and there is typically a lengthy wait.  The food is all so fresh, and the menu offers many tempting choices for breakfast. I settled on a bloody mary and the artichoke toast.  My dining companions got fresh squeezed orange juice and the quiche, which was one of the thickest quiches I'd ever seen, along with the brioche french toast.  Our server was friendly,and the food arrived promptly.  I really liked my dish, and everyone was looking forward to coming back since so many of the dishes were tempting.  I definitely plan on coming back to try dinner.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,3/18/2014,530,119,3,11,6>Tires.  You need 'em if you have a car, and you hate them when they're flat.  But guess what : In either case, you need to give Boulevard Tire your business.They know what they're doing, and they wont' rip you off.  They're usually pretty quick, and they're nice to you if you're not a jerk to them.  Everyone who steps in that joint needs it as fast as they can, and they do their best to accommodate.  Hell, they even let me sit in my car with my sick daughter while they fixed a flat for us!Anyhow, the only times I've had to go in there were for some kinda screwed up tire issue, and they've always been able to handle it.  They've only sold me new tires when they couldn't absolutely fix the offending rubber, and even saved me a bundle by fixing a rim I'd bent instead of gauging me for a new one like some places would.I've sent many friends there who needed flats fixed, tires changed, rotated, whatever, and they've always done right by everyone I've known, always going the extra mile when they need to.The place may be unassuming (It's certainly not as shiny and glamorous as a new car dealership), but they make up for it in just doing a damn good job. Isn't that all you need from the place?  Oh, and maybe some interesting snacks from the vending machine and daytime talkshows in the waiting room?  Yep, that's all you need.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,3/17/2014,83,68,,7,4>Yay for my 10th review and it happens to be none other than Bristol, my favorite restaurant in KC! I have been dining at this place for a couple of years. It is mine and my fiance's restaurant every time he comes into town. This was also where he proposed to me, no better way than at my restaurant!Bristol is an upscale seafood grill restaurant. Located in the heart of downtown just around the corner from PNL. It's a bit pricey but that should be expected for it's location and quality of services and food. It has a modern dining feel with an open space concept, fireplaces along the wall and an outside dining area. The hostess are always nice and they first greet you when you enter. I usually get the seafood mix grill every time I come here. The seafood mix grill is priced at a reasonable $37, it comes with 1 lump crab, grilled salmon, jumbo shrimp, a scallop and mashed potatoes and asparagus. I shared this dish with my fiance once and they actually divided the dish and came out with 2 plates and the proportions were just right for both of us. It almost felt like we paid 2 for the price of one. If you check in on Yelp or Foursquare they always have a special for 1 free Calamari when checking in. I love the service here, they are very attentive and friendly. They come to check on you often and refill your water when it gets down to the halfway mark. With the online RSVP they make it very convenient to reserve a table. My favorite part about Bristol is their all you can eat Sunday brunch for $24! They have a large variety of seafood and breakfast dishes, an omelet station made to order, a warm station with eggs, biscuits and gravy, sausages, etc and a cold station with all the seafood, ahi tuna, oysters, smoke salmon and many more to choose from. I can't forget the mini creme brulees at the dessert station! I recommend every one to try Bristol if they haven't already. You won't be disappointed!I forgot to mention that if you sign up for their mailing list they send you awesome deals every few months! $25 off your meal of $50 or more (I've received about 3 of those already this year) and every Tuesday after 4pm their are specials. Every year on your birthday they send you a $25 off coupon (no price limit either).
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,3/16/2014,238,295,2,5,3>Double OMG!  The last review was for the frozen custard treats, which will have you on your knees, begging for more. Now to review the main course...the meat of the meal, so to speak. But, keep in mind that they have vegatarian and pescatarian options as well! They want all the love ...and they are seriously gonna get it!The Barking Pig taco is so awesome. Crispy carnitas with shagbark bacon glaze, scallions and queso fresca, on a double corn tortilla.  It amazes me that the meat can be crispy, yet moist and juicy at the same time. This is a meal. Grab a couple of paper towels ...cuz, between the sauce and your drool, you're gonna need it.And since I couldn't decide which taco I enjoyed more last time...please Sir, may I have another?Next up the Citrus Crunch taco with guajillo glazed crispy chicken, onions, and pablanos on a honey wheat tortilla. These are great big, fat, chicken tenders. Delicious!My dining companion devoured the Akaushi burger...with bacon and cheese, of course! Cuz, since this burger has lest cholesterol than any other protein. Including turkey or fish, it just seems American to add the decadence back in!  And, just to make sure that we are enjoying ourselves, a heaping basket of K fries!  Fait accompli!
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,3/15/2014,118,260,5,6,6>The Cigar Box is that cousin that borrows money and never pays it back, the friend that borrows your car and brings it back wrecked ("it wasn't already like that???"), your favorite neighbor that has family from out of town staying with them.. in an RV parked in the driveway, the co-worker friend that steals your cheez-its.  You get the point. For me, The Cigar Box is a place that once played a part in an evening where I literally had to rebuild what happened from Yelp check-ins (still missing two hours - true story). At least one benefit to not working in a traditional office is that when friends from work decide to go out for lunch on a Friday, it's probably going to be a place like The Cigar Box. And it's probably going to be a two hour lunch. And it's probably going to include cocktails. So when we organized a little going away lunch for a friend and co-worker. A dozen advertising people descended on The Cigar Box and we were clearly marked immediately. Most everyone ordered drinks which varied between beer and Manhattans. Everyone ordered food. I'm vegan and I'm impressed that I can almost always find something on a menu to get excited about. The Cigar Box was no exception. I ordered a 10" veggie pizza with peppers, red onions, and zucchini and the server didn't flinch - good news. The food came pretty quickly for being such a large order - or maybe we got lost in the cocktails. Now that I think about it, maybe that's where the missing two hours of my life went. The lovable jerk part of The Cigar Box is when the second round of drinks started showing up. No one ordered a second round. But they came. And then the third round showed up too. So note that finishing your drink triggers another.We also learned when we got the bill that the third round of drinks we didn't explicitly ask for were doubles. Jerk. But by this time, if you drink it, you pretty much ordered it. Every order was right and every drink, ordered or not, was great. The server split the bill and never complained.Sure, The Cigar Box, like your cousin, friend, neighbor and co-worker, has it's eccentricities. In a world where Hooter's and Applebee's are actually things though, I thank my lucky stars for places like this - and you should too.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,3/14/2014,59,138,2,8,5>My niece and a friend were in a few weeks ago and we had a fun time criss-crossing the city and hitting places we had never been before.  Taste of Brazil Market was one of those places and I honestly can't wait to return.  The atmosphere in this small grocery/restaurant is laidback and casual.  The food...I don't know what any of the items we tried are called...BUT it doesn't really matter because everything was awesome.  The little cheese bread rolls are amazing...The coffee too was really yummy.  Real Brazilian coffee right here in Kansas City?  How lucky are we.Service was great too.  I think both of the owners are from Brazil so they know their stuff when it comes to Brazilian product.  Hit this place in the winter when it's not swarmed with Farmers Market fans.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2014,3/13/2014,55,63,1,6,5>I came here for lunch with a party of 7 without reservations and The Brick staff was quick and pleasant even though the restaurant was full. Everyone at my table ordered a sandwich or hot dog but I was full from eating Upper Crust's banana cookies in the car (what? don't look at me like that), so I opted for one of their awesome salads. You can often find me at their Monday night Rural Grit Happy Hour if I'm in the mood for bluegrass (and I usually am), or at one of their other live music events throughout the week. The Brick is a fun and funky little place with personality, good food, cheap drinks, and great service. I'm happy I was able to introduce new people to The Brick, and I'd like to think their lives are a little better after eating one of their Houston Frito Pie Dogs and some good ol' fashioned tater tots.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,3/12/2014,159,346,2,9,7>I am listening to one of my favorite shows on KKFI as I write this review.  It's the Tasty Brew.  The host plays Americana, Bluegrass, etc...from 6am-8am.  There are a lot of artists played on this show I wouldn't normally hear on other stations.  Now that I'm thinking about it I listen pretty much every day to all the shows. One of my favorite non-music show is the "Anything Goes" show on Friday at noon.  Everyone on the show gets me through my lunchtime with laughs.  Then there's the Rockabilly Mood Swing show on at 5pm on Friday.  This show jump starts my weekend.  I also listen on Saturday morning to the Blues Kitchen.  Again, I have heard a lot of artists I normally wouldn't on other stations.If you can, go to their website and check out all the different shows they have.  I bet you will find one or two or more that will interest you.  Plus you're supporting a great community station!
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2013,3/11/2014,65,258,1,9,3>Selection, selection, selection.Bob Jones has a bad jingle, but they are unsurpassed in shoe selection for men and for women. They carry interesting brands and a large variety of styles. Their men's shoe room is one of the best I've ever seen, with basics all the way through jaunty and fun styles for hipsters.The prices could be lower, but they are comparable to other non-discount stores.They also carry several fun lines of purses, lots of hats for men and for women and other assorted accessories.The sales staff is friendly and helpful.Wish they were open later than 5:30 though...
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,3/10/2014,81,401,1,7,5>Hands down best Mexican food I've ever had!  The Owner (I'm assuming) was a super nice guy who came around several times to make sure we were happy.  When I said I had read something about shrimp enchiladas on Yelp but I didn't see it on the menu he smiled and explained they could do whatever we wanted.  Just tell him and they will make a nice dish of whatever we want.  So my wife thanks you, Courtney L.!We started with the Queso Fundido.  A gooey cheese like melted mozzarella all coverd in mushrooms, onions, and tomatillo sauce.  Served with soft corn tortillas.As stated above the wife got shrimp enchiladas.  They were covered in a buttery white sauce with peppers, onions, and corn.I got the Steak Mariposa.  A butterfied beef tenderloin marinated with orange juice, tequila, and herbs, stuffed with oaxaca cheese, and covered with roasted onion  tomatilla sauce.Everything was fantastic!  The wife is normally very picky and doesn't like all the extra toppings like onion and peppers.  She loved EVERYTHING we got from this place.  Fresh makes a difference!  We'll be back anytime we can get up North.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,3/9/2014,47,54,5,11,9>OH. MY. GOODNESS.So my main man and I finally tried this place after strong recommendations from friends, and let me begin by saying that I wish I could give it a million stars instead of just 5!!First off, when you walk in, you can't help noticing that there are ribbons, trophies, and awards EVERYWHERE! Once you eat the food, you'll realize how they got so many. We were greeted by a very friendly girl who, sensing it was our first time, kindly walked us through the menu options, was super friendly and seemed super passionate/knowledgeable about the menu,  and even gave us a free sample of the burnt ends- which were absolutely DIVINE, they literally fell apart and felt like they were melting in your mouth with so much delicious flavor. It was like an 'I once was blind, but now I see moment' between me and burnt ends. I mean, I've always known burnt ends were great, but never knew they had THIS much potential to be THIS great! But I digress...Anyways, I ordered the brisket sandwich with sides of the cheesey corn and white bean and chicken chili, all of which (like the burnt end before them) the best of their kind I have ever tried by far! Mr.Man who was with me ordered the combo platter, which was ginormous, and also got the Jon Russell's sandwich to go for later (and another example of the INCREDIBLE customer service that the woman helping us gave us- she let us know that we can just let her know a few minutes before finishing our meals so that she could make it fresh for us! It always impresses me when people go above and beyond like that!)Everything was just so... I mean it tasted like... and there was so much of it... and I just... I can't even try to describe...There are some moments and things we encounter in our lifetime that are meant to be experienced and appreciated, the kinds of things that it almost insults them to try to do them justice with mere words. This BBQ, my good friends, is one of those very special things...
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,3/8/2014,146,555,,8,4>I love this salon. I have seen Amanda twice now. And she's fabulous.The first time I went and I said I just want something short and sassy and showed her a couple different pictures. She looked them over looked at my hair and said I can do this no problem. I came out happier than I ever have with a haircut.She washes your hair and then puts conditioner on it. While the conditioner is settings she'll give you a nice hand massage. Then you move to the chair and she listens to you and figures out exactly what you want. She will cut your hair to a precise detailed description.It is hard to find someone that can cut short hair and do a good job with it. She is excellent. I doubt I will switch stylist. I will probably continue to drive all the way to North Kansas City to get my haircut.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2013,3/7/2014,52,49,5,6,5>Bar hopping for me in Westport is turning into a dangerous hobby of mine! =DLast night, I had this crazy urge for an oral fixation... I know, easy there tiger, get your minds out of the naughty place! First off, let me just ask when was the last time you all have pop rocks with your drink? Other than mixing it with Coke to see if you would explode!Well oral fixation is one of their yummiest cocktails rimmed with pop rocks!! ahaha YES!!!! it's like being a child again but over the age of 10 =DOf course if you all know me, I can't drink with out om noming, I mean look at my profile lol I got a Turkey flat bread and jumbo sweet potato fries. The Turkey flat bread was great! with a kick of spice... A nice size for two people just snacking and drinking. The sweet potato fries, however, were okay.. I wish it was a but more crispy and laid off the high blood pressure seasonings (aka salt) Now beers, if you love boulevard, this is the place for it. Any crafted beers, boom this is the place... a bathroom covered in beer coaster... well if you have crazy ADD as I do when it comes to interesting things, Beer Kitchen is the place. So next time youre there... seat on the toilet and look around =DOther than that, I've always come here for something... it just a place I always stop by
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,3/6/2014,86,438,3,4,4>COWABUNGA!!!!!!!!!!To preface this, I hate skiing. I hate winter. I hate snow and I hate being cold. There can be one tiny patch of ice on the driveway and I will fall on it. Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day, teach me to ski and you will have conquered the impossible. I've been to Snow Creek a few times now. A few YEARS ago, the husband could still convince me to try skiing again. I would go. I would have a blast on the bunny hill. Feel confident and then die twelve times trying to conquer the next highest hill here. Skiing is not for me. Yes, maybe all of God's creations are wonderful, but Jesus lived where it didn't snow. Humans don't belong in the cold and that is my gospel. Alas, the husband's sister was coming to town and so "tubing" was apparently something that sounded fun. I dreaded it as the weekend approached. I reluctantly bought the tickets online prior to showing up and I drank at dinner before we went. I bundled up as much as I could and played it up like this was the greatest idea ever because I didn't want to be the lame duck and frankly the only thing better I could think of was getting my teeth pulled out one by one without Novocaine. We went on a Friday night and the line to get tickets was a bit long (we did buy our tickets online ahead of time, but you still have to wait in the ticket line to get your stickers, etc). We had also called ahead and asked how the tubing was today. They have 3 different levels: Slow, medium and fast. Today was fast. I got my sticker and we walked over to the tubing area. While I can't compare this to a ski resort of Colorado, but the place is a lot larger than it seems from the outside. There is a bunny hill, a beginner hill, and then they get tougher. My husband enjoys skiing and while there isn't anything here that impresses him, he always has a good time and it is large enough that everyone is spread out. They do offer lessons too. After all the ski hills is the tubing area. You pick out a tube (rental included in the price) and ride a moving carpet up to the top of the ski hill. This was probably the highlight: not having to lug your tube walking up the hill. It was fairly crowded, but there was little waiting.. I'd say it takes about 5 minutes to get from the bottom to the top and back down again. Not too shabby, you can get a lot of tubing done with a 2 hour pass ($26 for adults, cheaper after 9pm for students.. and open until 2am). Now the tubing itself... was actually kinda fun. We were FLYING down the mountain. The employees at the top will push you off and they will spin you if you want. They pretty much let you go down anyway that you want (within reason, no standing, obviously). We spun, went on our bellies, went as a group in a circle and as a train.... it was a lot of fun. You can also race each other or team up with our groups and go with as many people as you want down the hill. It was a blast!!.. and I did indeed scream COWABUNGA about thirty times while going down the hill. This would be great for little kids too, but I would recommend bringing them once they are old enough to be able to hold onto the rope of their tube and drag it up on the "magic carpet" to the top. I saw a dad attempting to bring 3 tubes up at once and he fell making the whole magic carpet conveyor belt come to a halt.They have changing room facilities, bathrooms and a food court (pizza and other fried items). After about an hour and a half we were pooped so headed out, but I thought the price ($26) was totally worth it. In 2 hours I am sure your bar tab is higher than that. It is also super close to O'Malley Irish Pub in Weston, so you could stop there before (and after!) to "warm up"!
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,3/5/2014,202,441,1,8,5>Every year for my birthday, I treat myself to a full body massage. This year I was especially looking forward to a massage because my neck and shoulders have been killing since I work every day as a barista. I remember getting a chair massage from Massage Heights representatives at a Women's Expo a few years back and decided they were my location of choice. The front desk/ lobby area was probably my favorite thing about Massage Heights. I love that it's completely separated from the actual massage rooms so that you're not disturbed by lobby noise during your massage. I scheduled my appointment many weeks in advance and the receptionist  commended me for my planning ahead. Since I was a first time client, my 50 minute massage was only $49.99 and I got 1/2 off the hot stone treatment and free aromatherapy oil. I really appriciated the professionalism of the receptionist and the lady who gave me my massage. I felt very safe and very calm during my time at Massage Heights (which is a huge plus due to issues I had at another spa place). The told the receptionist that I wanted my massage person to literally hurt me; to apply as much pressure as humanly possible to my shoulders. They said: "We have just the lady for you! She's made grown men cry!" Perfect. My actual massage was quite relaxing but definitely did not include the intensity that I wanted. The hot stones were calming and relaxing, but did not allow the massage lady to dig into my shoulders like I was hoping for. I needed pain relief and instead got a soothing strokes.  I blame this on myself though for agreeing to hot stones. Next time, I'll know better.Overall, I enjoyed my time at Massage Heights. You'll feel a sense of calmness as soon as you enter the doors; not a bad experience at all.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2013,3/4/2014,48,264,1,14,4>I've been here twice now. So here we go...I love the atmosphere, wine list, service, ambiance and location... But it's not the absolute BEST food that I've ever had. We've started at the bar since there was a short wait... Got a bottle of wine that was recommended by the bartender (nice work) and had an appetizer. The bruschetta was delicious. We upgraded and got it with mozzarella and prosciutto (highly recommend that).  We got a table right after finishing so we moved from the bar and finally got to looking at the menu.I ended up being stuck between lamb chops and the special which was filets covered in some sort of caramelized onion sauce. Decided on the special and got a salad first with the meal.  I like their house dressing and fresh greens but it was just a salad.  The boyfriend got the veal meatballs and when both our plates came I can't lie, I was slightly jealous. Haha. They both looked yummy and they were flavorful but I didn't like the texture of the meatballs... Maybe it was particularly the veal but it wasn't great. My special was good and the filets were perfectly cooked but it reminded me of a Salisbury steak sort of thing because of the sauce on top. I wasn't a huge fan.  I liked the garlic spinach and mashed potatoes on the side.  The wine matched the meal but it was the company and ambiance that made my night.  We'll probably check it out again :)
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,3/3/2014,292,268,7,10,10>It's swanky!  Green Lady Lounge is dark, red, tacky, retro, comfortable, gorgeous and glamorous all rolled into one.  I could literally live here.  I would have no pigment left in my skin and I would have a swollen liver, so it's best if I just visit from time to time. I loved everything about this place.  The decor, the drink, the music, the service.Perfect place to meet before heading down the street to the Sprint Center, perfect place to meet friends any night of the week for no good reason, a perfect place to have an intimate night with the loved one and it would even be the perfect place to hang out with yourself if so inclined.Can't wait to go back.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,3/2/2014,74,1211,3,9,9>Writer's note... this is my 1000th review!!! You have to make that review something special, and this place does the trick with 5 star rating. :-)Life has been kinda hectic lately, and all the stressors we're just having their way with me. I used to do yoga regularly and thought I would go somewhere and take up the practice again. My friend Marisa works here. She's about as sweet as wildflower honey, and she said the staf here was just as nice as she is. You can't get much more of a ringing endorsement than that!So I hit the hot box detox yoga session first, and followed that up with the sweaty serenity yoga. Both classes served me well and I ended up buying a package to come in and do them on a more regular basis.The facility is salon in front. Massage rooms and restrooms in the hall. Yoga studio out the back of the hall. Thoughtful little touches abound, such as tea tree soaps, little glass beads in the sinks to make you feel all spa-ish, real towels to dry your hands, water infusions to quench your thirst. But the real deal is what Marisa sent me here for in the first place. You can't find a sweeter group of folks working anywhere. I'm not sure what Hagoyah means, but I would not be surprised if it means "paradise in waldo" if I looked it up.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,3/1/2014,182,452,11,13,12>Been watching those food TV shows and all of their spectacular "finds?" Yea, I'm tired of them too. Wishing YOU could discover a hidden gem in your own backyard and have a dining experience that sort of spins your head around? Food so good it's sinful? Those jokers don't have anything on you. GET OVER IT and get here as fast as you can. Take a drive to a dive on the wild side on scenic Minnesota Avenue, KCK.Had a little food religious experience here for lunch. A trio of tacos so fine that whoever created them sold their soul to the devil. That or there's a Patron Saint of Tacos watching over the help. Barbacoa from beef cheeks, Chicharones that normally are a bit too barnyard for my wimpy white boy palate, and Carne Asada--the easy stuff. Plenty of onions, cilantro, limes and a sauce bar to die for. Double wrapped grilled small tortillas. Side of beautifully done rice. So good I wanted to cry, and almost did when I paid the bill. $5.94. Could have left off the rice and saved myself .99 cents and still have been satisfied but why not go home completely stuffed? A taco lunch as good as it gets for under $6.00? Would have paid $22-26 or more for a meal this good at the very basic but highly rated Brooklyn Taco in NYC (a great place to eat--I've reviewed them).So get this Adam Richman, Guy Fieri, Andrew Zimmern and all of your pals. Stay AWAY from Bonito Michoacan. Do not eat here. Go away. Leave. Plenty of overrated places over on Southwest Boulevard with orange cheese melted all over the plate you can roll your eyes for on camera. I need to be able to get in the door any time I want.The details. It's a grocery store. Expect folding chairs and tables, get in line, no wait staff, order, pay and carry your own. Expect a line. No prissy alcohol drinks with fine names and salt on the rim or crappy sombreros on the wall. No colorful lights or beers with fruit. Grab a Jarrito if you wish. Ample and spacious parking out front on both sides of the street. Lock your car. You're welcome.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2013,2/28/2014,56,174,7,13,6>I have never been here before with the "old ownership."   That being said...  We have been here 5 times...  Ordered the SAME thing each time.  And we like it.  The wait staff is always friendly and courteous.  The management/owner is nice in a funny/pervy kind of way.  Whenever he is there he asks us about our dining experience.  As with most restaurants, they have much pride in their establishment and hopefully it does not skew their ability to be better daily.  Which should be every establishments motto.  We get the $19.99 platter...  It has EVERY meat they serve and LOTS of it.  Lamb they have is very succulent and tasty!!  The chicken isnt dry and seasoned to perfection.  They say it will feed 5-6 hungry people...  False...  It will feed 5-6 hungry hipsters who need to fit into girl jeans...  Realistically it will feed 3 hungry people max or 4 drunk people with 2 appetizers.   They give you more on the platter if you are dining in.  Weve gotten take out and its been less.  I think due to the platter compared to the boxes.  The hummos and Baba Ghanouge pretty good...  Not like Im an expert!Value and Taste you cant beat.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,2/27/2014,421,655,7,12,7>Get your fold on. These are NY style slices just like you'd find at any good pizza kitchen in Manhattan or from a good street vendor. In addition this pizza is brought to our city by a true Italian. Jack started his pizza business decades ago at Oak Park Mall. He is from Sicily.I honestly have not had a bad menu item at Original Pizza. Frankly this is a bright spot in an otherwise dreary mall. I applaud Jack for keeping a location open here. He has always been a smart business man. He had locations at City Center and Union Station when the other food vendors had jumped ship. Leaving him with all the hungry folks that make their way through.If you want to meet Jack you need to go to his Antioch location. His son Anthony is usually at the Oak Park Mall spot. He and his family are still making a quality pizza product for our city. They are a local business run by a true American Immigrant. God bless the opportunity America has for those who have hustle. My favorites are the pizza by the slice and the stromboli. When I get the stromboli ask for some tomato sauce on top. It is sooooo good! In the mean time get your folding hand limbered up and ready for some big slice action.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,2/26/2014,94,61,6,13,10>When I first walked by Bread for All Bakery and Cafe in Westport I assumed they only sold bread. Turns out, I was an idiot for thinking that. Due to my assumption, I've missed out on thousands of opportunities to eat quality Mediterranean food and a new favorite lunch spot. I read through the Yelp reviews before eating at Bread for All and I can now testify that, yes, the Naan and lentil soup are out of this world. The Naan is prepared in house in a little side room where you can actually watch it being made. A perfect companion to the Naan is Bread for All's homemade hummus. It doesn't get any better. Take a container home with you for just $4.99. I was tempted to ask if I could purchase by the gallon. For the entree, I chose the chicken shawarma ($9.99) with grilled vegetables and rice. Another winner. The chicken is so perfectly seasoned but when you dip it in the cucumber sauce it's perfection. I couldn't leave without experiencing a piece of warm baklava ($1.95) drizzled with honey and oozing with sweet, nutty goodness. My entire lunch, four courses and all, was under $13. Make this your next stop for Mediterranean food!
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,2/25/2014,52,79,4,5,4>There is nothing I love more than the perfect wing coupled with the most amazing blue cheese (yeah that's right, no ranch for this gal!) I've ever tasted. Let's start from the beginning - the wing's aren't your garden variety frozen chicken wing.  These bad boys are the real deal, HUGE with the most amazing crunchy crust.  The blue cheese is really something spectacular, house made and the perfect balance of tangy and creamy.   Be cautioned, eating these wings require commitment - believe me when I say, you will not be able to stop.  You think you have self control, but it all goes out the window after you take your first pipping hot bite.  You can be fuller than you were on Thanksgiving... unbutton those pants Sally, you're in it for the long haul!  4-stars are for the major grunge factor - once you overlook it though, you'll find yourself dreaming about this place and their perfect chicken wing/blue cheese combo!
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,2/24/2014,56,75,1,9,8>When my husband first suggested this place, I completely dismissed it. I am here to admit, I was wrong in doing that. This is a hidden gem in the city and once you enter its humble doors, its charm will instantly win you over.With its late weekend hours, this is the perfect spot for night-owls looking for a spot with a damn-good cup of coffee and some pie.  No matter what the hour,  YJ's is  always bustling with people coming in and out.  The service is always fast and friendly and the snacks never disappoint.  I enjoy this place for its old-school charm, interesting people and key lime pie.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,2/23/2014,43,125,5,11,7>Such  a cliché.......but you know what they always say, "Why didn't' I think of that?" Well, this wholeheartedly applies to the Sandbar Sub Shop sitting on the outskirts of Mass Street in downtown Lawrence. Simple, yet brilliant idea that is ideal for this area of town. Especially with the late night bar scene; close proximity coffee shops; and the increasing (and current) residential folks moving to the area.Clean, open, safe, great customer service, solid hot & cold food, respectable prices, and all the convenience store type items often found in other places. Another cool feature is their freshly made orange juice machine. Kinda pricey, but worth every penny. There isn't a huge selection of snack type foods such as Frito Lay chips, candy bars, packaged pastries, etc. But I don't think this is their concept anyhow.  There are small dining tables with chairs inside for those that may want to sit and eat their food or sip on a drink. The Peoples Bank located inside Sandbar Subs is mere feet from the tables. There are also a couple of large LCD TV's showing ESPN most of the time within viewing distance. Not sure if Peoples Bank or Sandbar owns this particular area, but a nice touch. The bathrooms are extremely clean and hope they stay that way. As others have mentioned, decent coffee, really good biscuits and gravy, along with fantastic burritos to your liking. Sandwiches are pretty good with no ground breaking innovations in that department. Don't bypass the freshly baked cinnamon rolls if you ever see them sitting in the case. Especially if you see the cinnamon rolls lying on a hot cookie sheet; grab one and thank me later.The hours have been adjusted a bit since the grand opening. Closing time is 3 a.m. on the weekends and I believe Thursday as well.   The owner is well known around town and always looking for ways to innovate the convenience store type market. Ownership recently closed a Sandbar gas station on 6th street in Lawrence to many disappointed fans. There are still two fuel stations in Lawrence operated by the same ownership group. Outside of Lawrence, Sandbars owner did wonders with his place in Ottawa, Kansas south of KC, just off I-35. It has since become a Truck-Drivers paradise during the late night hours, especially with the 24/7 Scooters coffee shop located inside. Anyhow, Sandbar Subs is worthy of a try if in the area. A few unnamed eateries and coffee shops within the immediate area have been known to grab breakfast food and take back to their establishments. In fact, at least two Baristas have encouraged (and given approval) the bringing of outside food from Sandbar into their coffee shops. I would never make a habit of this, but an occasional burrito with your morning coffee is a great combination.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,2/22/2014,75,200,1,7,4>Grünauer is a grand slam. I have never fallen so quickly in love with a restaurant! The ambiance is absolutely one of the best in KC. It's warm and friendly, yet it is also very sophisticated and fairly stylish. It is such a beautiful space, one that is sure to impress. The service is spectacular. From making reservations, to arrival, taking our coats, patiently walking us through the drink, food and dessert menu...I really could not ask for a better experience. For starters, we had the Backhendl, which is pretty much THE fanciest and most delicious breaded chicken breast and fries combo I've had to date. It was not at all greasy and wasn't so heavy that you couldn't enjoy another breaded dish (as I prove to you here in a bit...). For my main dish, I had the A la Grünauer, a breaded (see, told you!) pork cutlet stuffed with creamed spinach served w/ mashed potatoes.The spinach was this bright, succulent green color which I would assume is a testament to its freshness. It most certainly was delish. The mashed potatoes were homemade and on the thicker side (fortunately, that is exactly how I like it). The serving size was HUGE...I was not expecting this as "fancier" places tend to have ridiculously small portions. No complaints here! K ordered the Szegediner, as he should since pork shoulder is one of his favesies. He was not let down. I was surprised he let me try a few (or more) bites, considering how much he enjoyed it for himself. Not being a fan of sauerkraut, I was hesitant to try it but (again!) was pleasantly surprised at how yummy it was. Have I just had poor sauerkraut experiences? That may be so. The bread dumplings were something I've never had before...not my favorite part of the meal, just something different. I thought of it as a packed-breaded-stuffing patty. Neither of us finished our dishes and it may or may not have been due to my aching sweet tooth. It was remedied with the nutella crepes for dessert. The perfect end to a perfect meal. I am not exaggerating, I really, really had such a great evening and meal at Grünauer. Bravo!
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,2/21/2014,158,434,4,10,6>Came here after I hadn't had my haircut in literally a year. My reasoning was that I wanted to see how long it grows in a year without having a stylist take off more than I want. I made an appt and was sent a reminder by email 24 hours before my appointment. My cut and style and eyebrow wax only took an hour. I got my haircut by Ashley, the owner. She was awesome! She asked me a lot of questions about how I wear my hair and what I wanted. Prices are reasonable (my haircut was $40) and I would recommend Ashley and Emily. I left the salon and immediately wished I had given Ashley a bigger tip. So hopefully this updated review will make up for it!
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,2/20/2014,36,204,,8,3>Grab a cup of coffee and a piece of pottery and let the good times roll!  Great little place to meet a friend for a few hours and let the creative juices out.  If you've never done something like this make sure to plan to spend a few hours here.  The helpful staff will guide you through everything you'll need to know so you can transform a piece of plain pottery into something you'll cherish for years.  Luckily for me they also know just how to guide and inspire me to create something that doesn't look like a 5 year old made it (no offense to 5 year olds!!)  During my last visit a group of girls (aged about 9/10) arrived for a birthday party.  The staff had set up a nice table and laid out the pottery that had been pre-selected, it all looked great and all the girls got the attention they needed.  I was surprised to see they were doing a glass fusion craft, I'll have to try that some time too!  Also stopping by was a van full of seniors from a local senior citizen home.  They all painted mugs and I was quite happy to see that from the young to the young-at-heart everyone was having a good time.  Before long we were all up and wandering around looking at each others work and making new friends.  Quite the social scene!  A week or so later you'll get a call to come and pick up your "fired and glazed" piece, all shiny and in its final form.  The unveiling is really fun.  Everything looks so pastel when you paint it and then once fired the colors turn out to be so vivid.  Truly a lot of fun.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2013,2/19/2014,117,917,,7,3>Came here for my birthday hoping for the best sushi in KC. What I got was...probably the best sushi in KC. Unfortunately, that's not saying a whole lot. But that sounds harsher than I mean it to sound. Let me expand...It was about 6:00 on a Friday, and the place was pretty dead. I was excited for some drink specials for happy hour, but was told that it was only on "the bar side", meaning there are essentially two different establishments. This isn't made clear. Their sake menu is pretty weak for a place called "sake". It has some decent selections, but none are all that special or great. The waiter did not seem to have a whole lot of knowledge. In reality, he wasn't all that helpful on the food either. He was nice and efficient...but didn't know a whole lot. I'll get to that a bit more later. I ordered the sushi platter - 9 pieces sushi with a salmon roll. My wife, not liking seafood and especially not liking raw seafood, got the sesame chicken. They both came out pretty quickly. I had asked my waiter ahead of time what came on the sushi platter and he said "oh, probably just a chef's choice". When it was delivered, there was no explanation (and seemingly no knowledge) of what type of fish it was. I know there was 1 shrimp and 2 yellowtail (my favorite), but couldn't tell the other 6 and was destined to not find out. Poor knowledge of the menu by the waiter. The sushi itself as really quite good - good flavor, fresh tasting. The roll, however, wasn't that great. My wife's sesame chicken was surprisingly good (Americanized, of course) for a Japanese/sushi place, and I enjoyed it a lot. Would I come back? Probably. Will I rush back? No. And I think I'll sit at the sushi bar so that (1) I can see the chefs in action, because they make some really great looking dishes, and (2) I actually know what I am getting to eat. But it was an enjoyable dinner with good sushi, probably right up there with the best in KC.  3.5 or 3.75 stars, rounded to 4.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,2/18/2014,57,364,,8,4>This is a VERY welcome addition to the area. The staff is friendly, the prices are reasonable, the pastry case is full to bursting with all sorts of lovely treats. I was in this weekend, ordered and received a perfect chai. I also tried a Cashew Energy Ball, a nutty little golf-ball sized treat packed with dried fruit. Its was quite tasty and between that and the chai it gave me just the bump I needed. I'm looking forward to a return trip soon, maybe I'll be able to linger over some fresh quiche...
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,2/17/2014,247,223,3,15,3>The Six Mile Chop House restaurant is attached to the Six Mile Tavern bar, and both are managed by the same people.  As the name suggests, the restaurant specializes in steaks and chops, but is not limited to them.  They have pastas, seafood, chicken, and salads.  As with some of the best steak chains, everything is strictly a la carte, in the sense that the entrees do not include vegetables.  But the vegetable sides are excellent, very fresh, and organic.  The atmosphere of the dining room is excellent, dimly lit, with many comfortable booths, and the service is very good.If you are not careful, you could end up with sticker shock, when the bill arrives.  But it also is possible to have a moderately priced meal here.  For example, if you are there on a Wednesday, all of the house wines are $3 a glass.  If you are there before 6  pm, it can pay to ask if there are any happy hour specials.  The soups and salads are moderately priced, including the large dinner size salads. The seafood arrives three times a week, fresh, never frozen, on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays.  The grilled oysters appetizer are really outstanding.  The beer braised mussels appetizer were very good, but oddly the baguettes that came with them were stale.  The bread comes in only twice a week.  That needs improvement.  They have a separate kids menu, which is moderately priced and includes one side.  The Six Mile Chop House is a welcome addition to west Lawrence.  We'll be back for sure.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,2/16/2014,160,440,3,9,8>I like tacos. I make various tacos at home quite a bit. Finding places like this make me extremely happy!I did not check out the actual store today, just went to for the food. At first the decision was difficult. They have a nice variety of ethnic food that you just want to try everything. I ended up deciding on tacos so I could try a good variety of fillings. I got the normals, pork and beef, and the not so normals, pork belly and tripe. Everyone was delicious. The authentic street tacos really win me over. The focus is just on the meat filling, not adding a bunch of fillers. The various meats here are expertly seasoned. I had no complaints. Well, I had one. I chose to sit next to the dessert cooler and had to get desert, which was also yummy.I also had a horchata which was perfect to cool those moments I got a big bite of the hot sauce. They have a salsa bar and you can select from a bunch of different sauces and heat levels. Authentic hot is hotter than American hot, so don't go crazy. Service was excellent. The girl running the register was having an issue and told me to go ahead and eat and come back when I was done to pay. She didn't hesitate in telling me that as most places would make you just stand and wait. On Tuesdays you can get taco's for $1. Regularly they are $1.49. Various meals are $5 to $8. You can't go wrong with quality or price.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,2/15/2014,123,254,3,5,5>There is nothing more important than the hospital to which you send your child/children.  When one of my twin daughters--22 months old--took a tumble that resulted in a terrifyingly deep cut along her eyebrow, I knew that we were about to have our first experience with the emergency room.  My head swooned with information and fears about stitches, possible scars, and the simple horrifying reality that one of my babies had encountered her first major injury.  We brought our baby to Children's Mercy because of several factors, not the least of which were the recommendations of our pediatrician and the fantastic reputation that Children's Mercy has.  Children's Mercy is renowned for the quality of care given to its patients.  Furthermore, medicine for children ought to be treated differently than medicine for adults.  Child patients not only have different methods of communication and comfort, but the difference in medication is very important.  One ought never to have a child put under anesthesia by anyone other than a pediatric anesthesiologist.  And a regular ER doctor--no matter how skilled--is used to working with adult patients, not terrified, squirming toddlers.  It is not a matter of another hospital being less qualified, but when the patient is ones child, a parent feels better knowing that the medical team comprises specialists in treating children.With my daughter, her time at Children's Mercy took a total of four hours.  She was seen by a doctor, a supervisor and a specialist in plastic surgery.  She was partially sedated to receive many MANY tiny sutures, both internal and external, to seal her 3 centimeter cut with minimal scarring.  The care she received was excellent.  I hope we do not have to make visits to this wonderful hospital with frequency, but I am thankful as a parent to know such great medical care is nearby.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,2/14/2014,151,400,6,6,4>Alas, the polar-geddon  arrived, and I thought I was surely sunk, with frozen pipes here, and a husband in a land far, far away (okay 2 hours, but might as well been Hoth...wait, maybe THIS was Hoth?? BRRRR! Anyway....)I quickly turned to Yelp, and after seeing a few 5 star reviews, including 2 by people I know (that's why Yelp works, y'all!) and trust, I gave him a call late yesterday afternoon.  He was awesome and also tried to help me resolve the issue on my own.  I gave it a try, and before I could cry this morning at my complete and utter fail, he called bright and early to see if I needed him to come over! :) ROCK ON!He was here right on time, took his boots off (no booties, just socks!) to keep our floors clean, super friendly and had my stubborn frozen pipes thawed and the problem identified and solved in under an hour!  As if that wasn't awesome enough....COME ON DOWN! The PRICE was RIGHT! (yeah, that's right, it's Bob Barker time).  Bob Fickel is just plain awesome, and his assistant Blake was pretty nice too. Bob's my favorite plumber, even over James Denton (don't ask, or else I'll tell you).(Not to mention, it turns out that I know his niece in a galaxy far far away (western Kansas) but I didn't realize that until he was on his way out. Small town for the WIN!!)Yeah, I did just reference Star Wars and a game show in the same review. You're welcome.PS: This is the perfect review for my 300th review on Yelpdom!!PPS: The one-star review? Take it with one grain of salt.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,2/13/2014,49,99,4,6,4>If I could say I have a problem with anything it would be donuts. I love them all. I love them all the time. GET IN MY BELLY! I feel the same way about donuts that most people feel about bacon. I've been in a rut, and needed a pick me up so I decided I would try as many donut places in KC that I could. I started with Fluffy Fresh Donuts, and man they were delicious. I will say the donuts aren't as pretty as say DD, but the taste doesn't even compare. The maple donut...yum. Must try. Get it with coconut on top! My only complaint is that they didn't take cards. I had cash so it wasn't a big deal, but that isn't common for me. Maybe they should get a square reader and charge an extra .50 cents for credit or debit users? Either way it is worth the trip to the ATM and the trip to South KC.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,2/12/2014,58,256,1,9,7>I'm in love.Another record store has opened up in KC, and it has already earned the top honor of this vinyl-loving household's favorite.I love the ambiance. It is a beautiful, dazzling store -- It's clean, it's bright, it's cheery.  Though it's small, it invites you to spend the whole afternoon perusing, sitting, listening... even to pet the shop dog.  A couple chairs are set up at a coffee table at the front of the store in the window if you just want to take a break.I love the selection.  Though they're just starting out and mostly carry new vinyl, they do an excellent job keeping up with new releases and taking requests.  They are also starting to grow a used vinyl section, and I've even seen a small collection of cassettes started. I also love the local t-shirts, trophies, zines, and art.Most of all, and what sets this place apart from any other music store in town, Mills truly cares about local music and local artists. "Cares" doesn't even really hit the mark -- "Lives and breathes" local music is more like it. Nearly every week, they're extending store hours for special events like record release parties or zine premieres... they were even kind enough to host a Yelp event with a DJ. Mills has an active blog and Facebook page.  They go well out of their way to advocate for artists and their music-craving patrons.Judy Mills is a delightful, personable store owner. Within the first few visits, we've had great conversations; she recognizes us, coming right over to say hello when she sees me in the store or at an event.  She's always eager to hear our feedback.Bravo, Mills -- wishing you all the success in the years to come!
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,2/11/2014,181,143,5,13,5>Bread and sweets, if those two things describe a food item, then I will be the first to grab and try. This is why I was ecstatic knowing a bakery would be opening literally a few steps from where I lived. After waiting very anxiously for over half a year since moving downtown, I was finally able to step into the old Cosby Hotel with new tenants: Sasha's Baking Co and Milwaukee Delicatessen. Sasha's Baking Co. is more than a bakery, it is also a café with a casual bar area. You can order anything from croissants, pastries, breads, sandwiches, soups, drinks, and other amazing concoctions they are whipping up in the kitchen. The first time I ventured to Sasha's, I fell in love with the décor as well as their food! The second time, I was a little bit more prepared but still overwhelmed at the variety of dishes. A few items that I have tried were their Christmas bread, French macaroons, ham & Gruyere croissant, an egg custard served in a duck egg, cinnamon roll, and quiche! Every item has it's great qualities. The Christmas bread was baked with pecans or walnuts that really helped bring out the flavors; not too sweet, just sweet enough. The macaroons were sweet and crispy on the outside and filled with the right amount of filling on the inside. The green tea macaroon was good, however, they have other intriguing flavors that aren't typical for macaroons. The ham & cheese (Gruyere cheese) croissant was flaky yet very moist once you bit into it. It seemed small but was quite filling for breakfast. The egg custard is presented in a duck egg and coated with sugary flakes on the bottom. It almost tasted like a crème brulee! The cinnamon roll was very moist and surprisingly not doused in filling or overly glazed. The breakfast quiche was also delicious. Like a perfect omelet baked onto a delicious crust. This place will be the death of me and my wallet. I now need to try their soups and other sandwiches. Just take note that this area is street parking only and Sasha's is only open from breakfast to lunch hours Monday through Saturdays.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2013,2/10/2014,46,37,21,12,10>Tuesday is for tacosThat's all it'll ever beAnd if you don't like tacosI'll hit you in the knee.Try the orange sauce on the tableIt makes a dish delishAl pastor o polloBut they don't offer fish.Taco Tuesdays fits your budget(Yes, even one as tight as mine)You get a taco for a dollarAnd it's even served with lime!Yaaaaay Ricos!
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2013,2/9/2014,532,417,1,7,6>I bookmarked this place because other reviews intrigued me, plus I love an authentic meal. I would certainly say that the food here is authentic and delicious. Plus it's very affordable so you can keep going back. I decided to try what I usually get at another authentic restaurant to compare. I ordered a carnitas taco and a carnitas gordita. The meat was wonderfully flavored, moist and not too fatty. They brought small bowls of pico, cilantro and onions for toppings. Plus there was a bottle of legit hot sauce. I can't handle it, yes I admit it. I loved every bit of my meal.I was there for lunch and had a lot day ahead so I didn't take advantage of the 2 of $6 margaritas, but they were tempting and I saw many other customers enjoying them.Now I could not give this place more than 4 starts because they really messed up our bill. They charged for stuff we did not order or eat. We asked about it and our server discussed it with the manager, but then did not take off the items. He came out and apologized to us, very friendly and nice. But we still ended up paying an extra $14 and could not get it corrected.If you're looking for an authentic experience and delicious food, I certainly recommend checking this place out. I don't know that I'll be back since it's so far away. It was good, I'm glad we went, but I won't drive 45 minutes for it.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2013,2/8/2014,146,179,,7,3>This has to be one of the easiest five star reviews I have ever given!  I would happily add even a couple more stars if Yelp allowed me to do so!  Just excellent in every way!!  Ok, let me get organized and write a cohesive review instead of just writing one liners that make me sound like a 13 year-old girl writing about her new favorite boy band...Service:  Absolutely outstanding!  The first time I called A-Alpha, I spoke directly to the owner, Calvin.  He doesn't even have to try and provide excellent service, it's just in his bones.  He offered to come out immediately, even though it was the end of his day, and gave me a free estimate.  Throughout our entire dealings with A-Alpha, the service remained top-notched!  We always could get through to Calvin if we had questions, or received a call back well with-in a timely manner.  A-Alpha always showed up on time and worked with respect to our lawn, home and neighbors.  There were NO hidden fees, NO extra cost, just what is quoted.  Knowledge:  During our initial quote I was given prices on services, but also a very in depth lesson in trees; how they grow, how they die, what happens when the are struck by lighting, warning signs, and how to measure the health of a tree.  We knew we had a couple of problem trees that needed a critical eye and some work, but had no idea that the largest tree on our lot, and our favorite, was dying.  Calvin showed us the marks indicating a lightning strike and also some very worrisome warning signs.  We reluctantly agreed to have it removed (trusting Calvin), and thank God we did!!!  The entire middle of the stump is missing.  This tree was one stiff wind, fall storm or ice storm away from pretty much destroying our new home!  Price:  Yes, I may have written the largest check I ever have before this past week, but I'm also know that it could have been larger considering the work we had done.  A-Alpha priced us fairly and then offered to prune some trees that needed it.  Now I'm not saying that they give away free services willy-nilly, but I am saying you will not be nickeled and dimed to death.  If they see a branch that needs removing, and they are already there to remove a tree with a crane, they will just do it.  That's amazing!  A-Aplha's crew took down trees, pruned branches, cut the wood up and stacked and then loaded up all of the wood not suitable for burning, all of the excess branches and bits of foliage and took it away.  Both days they were at my house I came home to trees gone, a wood pile and a freshly raked lawn.  We were only asked to pay for the services quoted to us.  I could go on and on about A-Alpha!!  I learned so much about my trees and how to take care of them.  I felt comfortable throughout the entire process and knew I was in good hands.  I was treated fairly.  If you need anything done in KC involving trees, this is the company you call!!!  I know I will only trust A-Aplha and Calvin going forward.  Thank you!!!!!
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,2/7/2014,30,102,1,6,5>This is one of those places I discover then immediately regret all the time I wasn't in the  know about the place. Delicious, fresh great tasting rolls. They're very colorful and made beautifully. The spicy tuna is some of the best I've had and does not have the paste consistency of others I've tried. I love that they don't all come with the Americanized mayonnaise sauces and deep fried like Drunken Fish. Our waiter Nom was excellent and extremely attentive and made a lot of conversation. The only mystery is where they get their fish, when asked Nom told us that they won't tell him so that sounds a little odd. The ambiance is great and I will definitely be returning!
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2013,2/6/2014,96,108,2,6,3>This was my first time here after being haircut free for over a year. After 20 years in the Air Force, long hair is not something I am used to.Corrina ("Carina" means "pretty" in Italian) was very nice and she did a great job with what she had to work with ... my hair. She washed my hair, cut it, and blew it dry, spending about 30 minutes overall ($25 + tip).The salon is in an old building downtown, occupying a large space two stores wide, with 12 foot ceilings and an old decorative copper ceiling (which could use a paint job by the way). Greeted as I walked in, my only complaint being that the nice pair of older ladies were offered tea by the receptionist while I was merely instructed to "have a seat". Overall, a nice experience and fair value, I will return, maybe getting a tea next time?CombatCritic Gives Salon DiCarlo 7 Bombs Out of 10 ... BOMBS ARE GOOD!
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,2/5/2014,184,236,5,5,4>Adorable pet shop with the most delicious treats (At least that's what my pup, Augie, tells me)! So much variety, and Raven always changes it up. If we're walking down the block toward Lucky Paws, Augie insists on heading inside. He knows that he's always welcome, and always gets generous helpings of the sample treats! Raven's lovely dogs are always ready to greet with sweet kisses for humans and playful nudges for the pups. Such a fun shop that always has something new! While a bit expensive, it's well worth the splurge to spoil your furry loved ones once in a while.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,2/4/2014,109,117,2,20,7>OH.MY.GAWD! Best clothes-on rub down. EVER. I come here every couple of weeks.  I started Crossfit a few months back and sometimes the rigorous workouts leave me feeling a little (read A LOT) sore. I'm going to breakdown the experience for you. Firstly, you walk in to a dimly lit room with 12-ish recliner looking chairs, yes, it's odd. But trust me, get over it, you're in for a real treat. Then a lady that doesn't speak very much English will whisper to you, the POLITE and PREFERRED thing to do is whisper back, point to what you want off the menu and then prepare yourself for heaven. You'll then be led to one of these recliner things were you'll take your shoes off and pull your pants up to your knees so you can soak your feet while you get the most amazing face, head, ear, neck, trapezoid massage. If you're a Yelper this is where you start mentally writing your review. STOP right there and just enjoy it - I had to stop myself and remind myself to be mindful of the experience and soak it all in.  Then, depending on which service you chose, you'll either continue with a whole arm massage on each side or they'll get started on your feet.  Once they get to your feet the experience is toe-curling and not in a ticklish way but in the way you curl your toes when someone finds the "spot."  This is were you must release all inhibitions and just melt into the chair and let the wonderful sensations that are running through your body take you over!! Embrace it! Get lost in it! MARRY IT! From there they do a leg massage, with quads as sore as mine you'll probably jolt out of the chair but once the initial shock is over it hurts soooooo gooooooood!!! You'll eventually roll over on your belly and it'll feel as if someone has taken a malleable rolling pin to your body; they'll work out all the kinks and knots and leave you feeling like a Stretch Armstrong that's been worked over for an hour.  This is where I then put my shoes back on. Thank my person profusely. Pay with a fat tip. Drive myself home and go straight to bed to sleep like a ROCK! Alternate ending, go home and continue about my day with a perma-smile!Treat yourself, go there. It's an hour massage for $30!!!! It's not weird or creepy, IT'S WONDER.FUL!
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,2/3/2014,16,282,,6,3>When they first opened, I wasn't sure we needed a small wine store; however, now that we have become regular customers, I've certainly changed my mind!  The owners are very approachable and knowledgeable about their products.  The store contains a wide price point and Cate has always been great at finding wines that we enjoy in whatever price range we are looking at. They have free wine tastings on Thursdays and offer a reusable bag with a discount every time you bring it in - both nice touches! We used to drive to Trader Joe's for reasonably priced wine, but since Buckley's has opened that trip is no longer necessary.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,2/2/2014,50,87,4,8,4>The Saturday hot dog special alone is enough of a reason for me to give Charlie Hooper's four stars.  Where else can you get a good chili cheese dog (my personal favorite) for less than $3.00 ... and don't even try to tell me Sonic.  Beyond this killer deal on a tasty dog, Charlie Hooper's has a full menu with other tasty options, an excellent beer selection with rotating taps and extremely friendly bartenders & servers.  If it was in my neighborhood I'd probably be here all the time ... but fortunately it's just close enough to still be one of my favorite spots.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,2/1/2014,54,211,5,13,6>I'm SO glad I live close to Roma. I saw it there for years before I realized they have an outlet store, and now I rarely by bread anyplace else. Not only can you buy their standard stuff for 75 cents a package, but they also have some really good specialty loaves like marble rye, 9-grain, and ciabatta; some of those are $1, some are more expensive, but less than the primo stuff at the grocery store. The staff are incredibly nice, and it's never crowded, so you're in and out in no time. Well, if they'd finish fixing Chouteau Trafficway...
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,1/31/2014,56,203,4,8,4>I don't usually spend a lot of time having fun, i.e. drinking in Kansas because bad things tend to happen. Now, I'm not saying that the Kansas side, more like Johnson County area, of this fair metropolitan area is bad, but it just seems that bad things happen. Kansas friends, I don't know how you do it.Regardless, I have more and more friends moving that way whether for work, kids, both, other, etc... and sometimes they want to have fun so I'm around more often.Here's where Tipsy's Liquor fits in. It's pretty well smack dab in the middle of some friends and the perfect place to stock up for whatever occasion I'm attending. And believe me, Tipsy's provides PLENTY of options.Beer:  If you can think of it and it's distributed in Kansas, there's a good chance it's in the freezer or on the floor. They had all of the major players plus seasonals and even some limited releases. Liquor:  About half the store is devoted to your harder alcoholic loves. I don't have a super hard liquor palate, but they do have what I like. If you're looking for some of the harder and top shelf stuff you might call and ask, but there's a good chance it's in here.Wine:  The other half of the floor plan is filled with wine.  I've noted in earlier liquor store reviews that I'm not much of a wine drinker and this review doesn't change that, but I do believe with the amount of wine on the floor that there's a very very good chance you'll find what you're looking for.Last, but not least, I don't want to forget the staff. They're great. I walked in one time looking for a hard-to-find seasonal that the distributor's website said was stocked here. Looks like I was a little late, but after the staff looked to see if it was stocked, they told me normally when it ships so I could plan for next year and then suggested about three or four other beers that were similar to what I was looking for.You can't really beat that.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,1/30/2014,366,998,,11,3>It was a Monday and I came here with two of my coworkers.  There was nobody here around noon so there was plenty of seating.  The lunch buffet was $10.50 per person.  The interior was bright and looked very clean.  Parking wasn't an issue as this was in a big plaza.  Everything that was out was fresh as far as I could tell.  I tried almost everything and filled up my plate.  The Chana Masala was okay, the Seva Colors was good, the Chicken Tikka Maslaa was delicious, and the Butter Chicken was not bad.  My favorite was the Naan and the Chicken Tikka Masala which complemented each other well to me.  When we were seated at our table, they came around offering us a free mango drink (forgot the exact name for it) and later we were offered the Tandoori Chicken Drumstricks which wasn't in the food area when we went up.  The Tandoori Chicken Drumstick was very flavorful and I thought it was good.  I got one more plateful of rice, Chicken Tikka Masala, Butter Chicken and Naan and was pretty full afterwards.  I came hungry but was barely able to finish the second plateful.I may not be an Indian food expert but everything tasted good to me.  I thought Seva had great Indian food and wouldn't mind coming back to eat some Indian food.  This would also be closer to me when compared with Swagat.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,1/29/2014,17,59,4,10,6>Panchos gets four stars, and that's because it solidly delivers for what it is.  I actually hit the joco locations more, on 87th just off 35 and Olathe on Santa Fe also just off 35.  Not sure if ownership is exactly the same or not, but the menus are very similar.  The good:  the flour tortillas are excellent, the stretchy and fresh kind.  I am a big fan of being able to get a potato egg and cheese burrito for lunch or dinner or at midnight.   The carnitas are usually very good.  Big fan also of the crunchy little rolled fried taquitos with guacamole and lots of shredded lettuce.  Lately i have a jones for the american-style chicken tacos on a crunchy fried corn tortilla shell, also with lots and lots of shredded iceburg.  The food is very basic, not at all fancy.  Good salsas, I think the green avocado is especially yummy, fairly hot.  The bad, well, it can be greasy.  The lettuce can  be pretty watery, but hey, at least they washed it.  The meats are not the most tender, it's cheap cuts and priced accordingly.  I don't really think the microwaved enchiladas are worth the calories.   But after a long work day, driving home at 11, or after being scolded in court at Jackson Co. in KCMO by some judge at 9 in the morning, I'm sure glad I can get a lovely big fresh tortilla wrapped burrito texano, chicken and potatoes and sour cream, no substitutions, for 5 bucks, with all the radishes and pickled jalapeno carrots I care to pile on it.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2013,1/28/2014,80,254,4,10,5>I am so happy that downtown Overland Park is home to many creative, delicious, ethnic food choices to balance out the several mundane, uninspired, boring sports bars. I have had drinks on the patio, supper, and breakfast at El Salvadoreno and have thoroughly enjoyed each experience. I have to recommend the Pupusas, specifically the pork or chicken, they are amazing. If you are not familiar with this type of cuisine, perhaps begin with the Sampler, it is more than enough food for a meal, but also makes a great platter to share. Breakfast here is delicious, but be warned, the service may take a while. As long as your blood sugar doesn't drop while you are anxiously waiting for your food, I promise it will be worth the wait. Bonus tip: 3$ margaritas on Monday!
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,1/27/2014,184,189,2,18,7>I recently went in to sign up for my membership and in doing so decided to sit down and have dinner and a beer. I was glad that I did, the food was excellent and the beer was cold and delicious. The space is still being developed but already has a great feel to it. Warm woods like the bar and bench seating. The hightop tables have an industrial vibe and are comfortable. The bourbon and beer list are both reserved in size but have some great offerings. I had a Green Flash Green Bullet triple IPA. On tap this beer is amazing and I am glad to see that they have it here and for $7 a pour that is considerably less than a few blocks north.The membership is worth the investment if you see yourself going in a few times a month. You will get discounts certain nights of the week and will have your own etched glass waiting for you at the bar. You also get a membership keychain, pint glass to take home, and a beer history book to document your beers. Parking is private and also on the street. You can come in through the Collection entrance but there is also a door off of 16th street.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,1/26/2014,28,134,,5,1>I had been hearing about this place for a long time but finally had a chance to go here this past weekend. I had heard that the place filled up quick so my dining companion and I went right when they opened at 630am (which there were a surprising number of people doing the same). I had the finish line omelet and had some of my gf's sweet potato pancake. Both were very delicious although I didn't really taste the difference between the SP pancake and a regular pancake. Service was attentive and my coffee never got more than half empty. Prices are very reasonable with our breakfast being around $25.  I will definietly be back to try some of their other breakfast foods (and probably lunch too!)
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,1/25/2014,20,69,,8,4>Nom Nom Nom. I bookmarked this place after reading other great reviews and finally stopped in for lunch. Yelpers did not steer me wrong! The place was clean with a fun vibe - Spanish music was playing and the friendly staff were smiling and singing along. I ordered a Pick 2 lunch special to go for $8.99, and the server spent some time going over the menu with me as it was my first time. I went with the reinapepiada (avocado chicken salad) and a shredded beef empanada with rice and beans. Every last bite was fantastic. The flavor was savory and fresh. A lot of food for the price. I am anxious to come back and try...every single thing on the menu. The super nice guy who rang in my order forgot to put sauce and silverware in my to go bag and came running down the block after me, which says a lot for their "care factor," and made my meal that much better! I haven't eaten a lot of South American cuisine to compare it to, but I would say Empanada Madness is definitely worth a try.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,1/24/2014,35,66,1,14,9>My moms little pup passed away a few weeks ago.  As horrible as it was for her she wanted to save a puppy and try to keep their two dog home full.  She was reluctant to adopt from any shelter, not having had a great experience before, but I convinced her to try and look.  Lets just say the people here were immediately attentive to her pain, compassion, and paired her up with a great volunteer to introduce her to some dogs.  She tried to adopt 4, she only came home with one, where it gets better.  I was surprised by her choice which was an 8yr old Yorkie that was malnurished, sick, and very little hair.  He was abandoned and found on the side of the road, only in the shelter for 5 days.  The best part was, that was the one she picked out, not forced with a guilt trip.  They were OVERLY concerned with the dogs needs and very very thurough in letting me know what to look for and how to treat a special needs dog.  The volunteer even gave him to us and then realized she should have him looked over for something particular and came back with the vets recommendations and more medication.  They have a 14 day leway period if anything happens or you change your mind (hopefully you wont) which is nice considering some people adopt animals and find they just cant afford the treatment.  By far the best shelter with great people I have ever been to!  Not to mention while we were adopting this dog, 3 dogs got surrendered (being the ones my mom wanted to take home) it was horrible and sad, the kennels were FULL, and yet with a small 10.00 surrender fee - which should be way more in my opion, but understandable, they took all of the poor puppies in to find them forever homes.  Thank God you're around KCPP!!!!!Thank you!
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,1/23/2014,76,154,,5,4>I LOVE VELVET CREME!! A great local company in Westwood. Ships anywhere in the U.S. has all sorts of flavors.......... (Here comes the list)Buttered/unsaltedCheeseCarmelCinnamonSour Creme and onionThey have plenty of popcorn tins, I especially like the ones with local pictures on themYou can also get popcorn balls, popcorn snack mixes, nuts, candy, toppings for your popcorn, drinks.I mean in my opinion it doesn't get any better for a good home town business.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2013,1/22/2014,148,216,3,8,3>I'm a huge fan of the JOCO location and was super excited to see a location open in the P&L which is much closer to me.  I've been here 3 times so far, twice for lunch and once for dinner.The first glaring difference between locations is the lack of children.  Look, I don't hate children.  I think they're quite cool and fun.  But the JOCO location is definitely a family place that's usually filled to the brim with lots of kids who haven't been taught volume control yet.  Geography probably makes this P&L location a little more adult-friendly.The service has been really great 2 out of 3 times and the food is fantastic!  The Chili fondue with pretzels and chips is amazeballs!  I would be happy just stopping in and having some of that.  The pretzels are hot and delicious and better than any other hot pretzel I've had in KC. Truth!The Roadhouse is my favorite burger at the JOCO location but they offer it here as 3 sliders instead of one big burger.  I love that!  Biting into a fresh burger and finishing it before everything starts sliding around and getting mushed and messy, then getting to do it 2 more times is fine with me.I've also had the mac & cheese.  This is a little hit or miss based on how much sauce they put on it.  I like the crunchy breaded topping and everything is really tasty, especially with some bacon on top.  But I got it once when it didn't have enough cheese sauce so it was really dry.  The truffle fries are generously spiced and crispy.  Get them with the garlic aioli and the chipotle aioli.  Delicious!!  One order is enough to share between 2 people.One other thing of note is the fact that you can make reservations here, which I don't think you can at the PV location.  This is so convenient and I really appreciate that more restaurants are moving to reservations as opposed to waiting lists.  I'm so happy this local burger joint made it into the P&L and am glad to see it's pretty busy every time I've been there.  Don't forget, they'll validate your parking in a P&L garage, too.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,1/19/2014,216,313,6,10,8>They have mead!Ok, I'll admit it; prior to coming to Pirtle Winery I'd never had mead before. But that doesn't mean I didn't dream about the ye olde honey-fermented drink ever since reading about Beowulf and how he and his fellow brawny Anglo-Saxons drank it after every epic battle. So, yes, while I may be in part biased because Pirtle Winery finally fulfilled my middle school fantasies, there is an objective point to all of this: there are few wineries in the area that still make their own mead, and Pirtle Winery is one of them.All mead aside, the winery is fabulous. It's in a small white building with a patio if you want to buy a bottle and enjoy it outside. The tasting is phenomenal - you can choose which wines to taste, but they are more than happy to let you go down the entire list of 12 wines, which range from dry white to full-bodied red (oh and of course...mead!). When we went they had also made a sangria which we were also allowed to taste. Consistent with this whole town, the employees are all incredibly friendly and happy to talk wine with you.Welcoming atmosphere? Free wine-tasting? Mead?? You really can't go wrong at Pirtle Winery.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2013,1/18/2014,15,89,,6,4>Since my last review, I've made a real effort to break away from Bella Napoli's delicious deli offerings and explore the rest of the store a bit more. I'm not really a coffee fan, but I'm told by friends that the cafe here is excellent. I'll take their word for it, I suppose, but the real action is in the restaurant, as far as I'm concerned. I shamefully can't recall all the dishes I've had over the past few months, but all of them have ranged from very good to excellent with the short rib pasta standing out as my favorite. The red wine sauce, tender beef, and hint of sharp Italian cheeses marry wonderfully. I also distinctly recall the eggplant parm being exceptional. They cook the eggplant to the perfect level of tenderness and cover it in just the right amount of marinara and cheese. Delicious. Stop by on Tuesdays or Wednesdays to enjoy a half-price bottle of wine (or three) with your dinner. As I mentioned before, one of my favorite aspects of Bella Napoli is its connection with the neighborhood and customers. During one of my previous visits, a family came in with an Italian exchange student. She was evidently homesick and began crying after a few minutes in the store saying "It's just like home!" repeatedly. The owner came by and sat with her for some time, chatting in Italian. He got up and returned later with a plate of food and a small stack of groceries for the girl. You just can't get a personal touch like that in very many places at all. Put another way, Bella Napoli is a shining example of why Brookside is an amazing place to live, shop, and eat. It has definitely earned a spot as one of my favorite all-around locales in the city. If you haven't been here yet, do yourself a huge favor and drop in as soon as possible. It's that good.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2013,1/17/2014,34,123,5,8,3>So.. I was craving some Indian cuisine the other night & we were going to head over to Seva's (the only Indian restuarant we've been to & we love) but seen a $10 for $20 deal on Yelp for Swagat.  I read through the reviews and all were short of perfect!  First of all, I want to mention how beautiful Zona Rosa is, the park & the atmosphere down there is worth the trip alone.  So upon entering the restaurant we were greeted by friendly staff & taken to our table.  I was distracted by the decor and beauty of this restaurant as we were lead to our table.  The architecture & effort that has been put into this place is outstanding and in a way romantic.So we ordered the Swagan dinner for 2 which comes with your house bread (crackers, cumin papad) and 3 sauces which I can't name all of them but I know one was mint chutney all in all delicsious & spicy!  Then came our hot indian lentil soup.. it was decent, not a huge fan of lentils.  Food comes out pretty quickly would be my only complaint.  It would of been nice to finish our appetizers first BUT they did ask if it was to soon & we didn't argue.  Our fresh naan was set on the table & the butter aroma coming from the naan was superb and made me even more anxious to try it.  Along came our chicken tikka masala, curry rogan josh lamb, basmati rice w/veggies and last but not least our tandoori chicken came out in a SIZZLING skillet.  Smelled wonderful, looked beautiful & tasted even better than I could have ever expected.  Spices & seasoning of the masala and curry were spot on and left me wanting more and more.  All my husband kept saying was mmmm, and didn't hear much from him until he said he was about to burst.  LOL! Also we tried the medium spicy, PERFECT! Anything spicier and I couldn't of handled the heat.. my husband maybe, I mean he does love ghost pepper cheese.  So, we wanted to keep eating just because the food was that deliscious and we knew our tummy's were at their capacity when we forgot we also get dessert with our meal for two.  So we box up our leftovers (made a tasty lunch the next day) and wait for our Galub Jamun which is a cheese dumpling basically in a sweet syrup.  SOOOO yummy!  We've had something similiar at Seva's.  Oh & I almost forgot about our vegetable samosas that came w/our lentil soup.  Basically a fried or baked pastry with wonderful fillings of peas, potatoes, beans ,etc & indian spices.  It was to die for especially made a perfect compliment with the lentil soup.  All in all our experience was beyond what we expected, the food was the best I've ever had aside from my gma's home cooking & I will be returning VERY soon!  Also will become our #1 Indian cuisine restaurant anytime we get a graving for real tastes of India.After leaving the restaurant we had heard of Spice Bazaar which is family owned by the owner of Swagat.  It's basically a little convenience store filled with indian spices, rices, beans, frozen naan, cumin papad, anything you can think of!!! We were thrilled to go in here b/c we got some of the very ingredients like Rogan Josh curry to make at home.  Loved the cumin papad so we bought some of that & it was all at a very reasonable price.  The spices were endless & smelt wonderful also at a decent price.  Can't wait to make another trip back here also.  I'd say after dinner @Swagat's your just destined to go to Spize Bazaar afterwards. Not sure how anyone could pass it up!
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2013,1/16/2014,103,158,2,6,6>Man oh man oh man!  I have found my new favorite spot for Kansas City BBQ.  First things first.  The collection of blues posters, albums, fliers, and memorabilia is not only massive, but it is old school and totally cool.  The smell coming out of the kitchen is freakin' AMAZING!Our server, Jill, was top notch.  We didn't want for anything.  We had everything we wanted when we wanted it and didn't have to ask for any of it.  She knew exactly what to bring and when to bring it.  The sweet tea here is the real deal...not the toned down version I find throughout most of Kansas City.  I was drinking it like a madman, because it was a true representation of sweet tea from the south, and thanks to Jill's impeccable service, my cup never went dry.My girl ordered the Boudain Balls appetizer.  I forgot we had them coming, and when Jill brought them to the table and announced them, I was busy posting a tip on Yelp about how great the sweet tea was.  I inadvertently heard "Booty and balls.", and looked up with the dumb puzzled look that a confused dude wears in a strange moment, and then realized what she had really said.  We had a good laugh with Jill about it.The food portions were HUGE.  We were both stuffed when we left and had enough for each of us to have another meal later to warm up at home.  Everything was just so good.  Jill had a big top table and a couple of other stragglers, but never once left us out in the cold or stopped paying attention to us as we were winding down.This place was awesome on all levels!  I can't go back fast enough...JUST GOOD STUFF!!!
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,1/15/2014,76,303,,7,2>As so much of the history of the 18th and Vine District has faded into the distant past, the Blue Room is a great reminder of how history can blend with present day and produce beautiful results.The Blue Room is part of the Jazz Museum complex, but you can set aside any ideas about this being a stodgy museum-like place. The Blue Room hops with amazing jazz music, a wonderful vibe and great staff who are welcoming from the moment you enter to the moment you leave. The tables are mini-showcases of memorabilia and there are some cool wall displays as well. The stage is small and there's not a bad seat in the house.Come early for weekend shows if you want a good seat. The venue is small and lively. There's no food, only drinks, but they mix 'em pretty strong.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,1/14/2014,31,61,,4,5>From family movies to summer slasher flicks, this venue turns any film from guilty pleasure to old-school cool.  Admission is $10/person for a double-feature, with a replay of the first film tacked on at the end.  That's 6+ hours of entertainment!  They offer concessions, or you can "sneak" in your own treats.  Sure, you could stock up on movie-theater candies at your local drugstore, but you can also let your imagination run wild.  How about a picnic?  Or if you're going out to dinner beforehand, order that slice of tiramisu to go with a couple of plastic forks!A night at the drive-in is a complete experience, from the friendly ticket booth attendee to the oldies streaming before the show.  The sound was crystal clear for us, and everything seemed to be in good shape and working order.  Not a bad place to while away a summer evening, in my opinion. *One note to my fellow non-cash-carrying Yelpers:  This place is CASH ONLY.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,1/13/2014,34,41,,6,4>Gram & Dun is one of those restaurants that I enjoy so much and have so many things to say about it that I have trouble knowing where to start my review. I've eaten here on four separate occasions for dinner and once for brunch, and I've never had a visit where I walked away at the end of the night unsatisfied. If consistency is important to you in a dining experience, then G&D is a good place to be. And beyond their consistency, they cater to a wide range of tastes and moods with their varied menu.When it comes to beverages, they have one of the most inventive cocktail menus in a city that seems to have a new place with a great cocktail menu every minute. Special attention to the Smoking Dun--Templeton rye, Rothman & Winter Orchard Cherry, hickory smoked ice, rosemary simple syrup, lemon juice. Tart, smokey and spicy, I order this pretty much every time I come. If you aren't into cocktails, they have a sizable wine list, as well as a nice selection of craft beers, including some more unique and seasonal options.The cuisine also provides for a range of interests--whether you're looking for something a little unique and inventive or more of a classic. Sweet tea braised pork shoulder with lemon rocket that evokes the sense of lemon tea or savory fried chicken and waffles are on the more eclectic end of the spectrum, but classic Southern dishes like shrimp n' grits or corn-fried catfish with greens and mashed potatoes sit amongst other comfort faves. Even their steak and fries is outstanding. If you want something completely unique to Gram & Dun, sample the Not-so-standard Potato Chips, which are cut in big discs, like chips, but have the thickness and consistency of french fries, and come with three strange but delicious ketchups: guacamole, vanilla bean and blood orange-habanero. If dessert is your thing, then get the Gram & Dun Bar. That's all you need to know.I should finish by mentioning that Gram & Dun's food, while outstanding, isn't what makes this a 5-star place in my eyes. It's that in spite of the fact that they've been bustling to packed every time I've visited, I've never had a problem with the seating process and every waiter that has ever had my table has been knowledgeable about the menu, eager to share an opinion, and generally engaged in the dining process. It makes you feel welcome and want to come back. As long as they keep up what they are doing, I will be back. Over and over again.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2013,1/12/2014,31,184,,5,5>let me be clear, the only reason i'm not giving this wonderful dive bar restaraunt 5 stars is because sometimes, when it gets very busy, and they only have one lady working the tables and the bar at the same time, you can wait a bit to get a refill on a drink.  other than that, i have never had a bad meal, or a bad experience at this place.  the food is fried greasy goodness, they have tator tots and onion rings, their drink prices won't kick you in the nuts, and the servers/bar tenders are the friendliest people that you will ever meet.  i can't tell you why sometimes i'm the only person here and other times the place is packed like a cattle truck.  the atmosphere has increased dramatically since the indoor smoking ban and let me tell you, there were times before the ban when this place was a NO GO simply because of the thick blue haze that filled the entire place.  the owner was one of the main opponents of the smoking ban in the first place, but it sure doesn't seem to be hurting business at all.  outdoor back patio for the smokers seems to be working just fine.  there are no bad meals on the menu and no bad drinks from the bar.  next time you're just looking to eat and chill, this is definitely the place for you.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,1/11/2014,16,336,,6,3>I have to upgrade after the great experience I had here in May. Sorry for the long review. The short of it is they have great service, handle large groups well, and have some stellar dishes. The only 2 places they fell short were in their phone reservation system, and I found some of their other dishes to be just fine, not great. The long of it...I had a big celebration coming up, and I got to pick the place for a large party (10 people). I decided on Michael Smith for several reasons: the food and service have been good, they didn't seem to scoff at the idea of a nine-month old being in attendance, and they seem to handle large groups well. In short, I was completely happy and thrilled with our experience there. There were a few frustrating components of my MS experience, but overall the good out shined the bad. For example, I had a hell of a time making reservations. I was coming up to days before this Friday meal for 10 and I still didn't have reservations. I had called MS and left a message, but my call was never returned. I called frequently and wouldn't receive an answer. Open table reservations said it couldn't accommodate a group that size. I was fretting. Thankfully, I called on Wednesday and was finally able to reach a human. She was super nice and gave me all the options. I wanted to dine in a secluded area since we had a large group and a baby (didn't want to disturb others). Unfortunately, our party didn't fit in their available nook, but she did book us in a nice corner so we felt semi-private and less burdensome if said baby had a melt down (She didn't b/c she's essentially the happiest baby ever). The hostess assured me that a baby wasn't a big deal, so we proceeded on. On the evening of the dinner, we were coming straight from a graduation ceremony. Well due to traffic and other jazz, half our party was running 15-20 minutes late. The staff didn't bat an eye when I called to inform them of this issue. They were very kind and didn't dish me the slightest shame. Once we arrived, we had a great nook in the restaurant where we were able to dine for hours. We had a great waiter who served us well. My only complaint with him was I felt he was a little pushy on high end wine products, but in the end, he and the table matriarch were able to pick a delicious, cellared, and reasonable few bottles. It was not a wine offered on the menu, but once he got a sense for our budget and tastes, he ran around the cellar trying to find something for us. This was much appreciated. He was also very personable. He congratulated me on the occasion and was friendly to our mini-guest. Now for the meal: Cocktails: Delicious...especially the gin gimlet with dill and Serrano peppers. Chef Smith gave us a complimentary amuse bouche for the table, and I was impressed. It was very good, but just the gesture let me know that he cares about his diners. Appetizers: I made people order the rabbit gnocchi, because it is amazing. Other guests ordered the beef carpaccio, and I'm glad they did because it was divine. I typically don't care for carpaccio but the thin strips of beef with different sauces was fabulous. The salads were also quite tasty.  Dinners: The whole table pretty much ordered the short ribs and the 8 hour pork roast. These are by far my favorite dishes at this restaurant. I stepped outside of the box and had the halibut (at the waiter's suggestion), and I was kind of disappointed. Too bad too since it's their most expensive item. :-/ Oh well. Desserts: I don't even remember but they were good. I believe we ordered a number of things like a chocolate cake and a fruit crisp. I usually skip desserts here and at other places as I often am disappointed for the price or too full, but the crisp was surprisingly delicious. The cherry on top of this dining experience was that Chef Smith came out at the end of the meal to congratulate me and thank us for coming to his restaurant. This really impressed me. It's an old school style that you just don't see anymore, and I love it. It made me even more convinced that he truly cares about your dining experience, and of course as an un-official foody I got way too excited to meet him.So yea, I still love this place. I think the menu needs more entree stars on it besides the pork and short ribs, but you can't go wrong with either of those or some of their delicious appetizers.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,1/10/2014,160,211,,8,2>I love the Broadway Cafe.  I usually bring out of town friends to Beer Kitchen, so we put our names in and walk over to Broadway Cafe to get a cup, then walk around Westport until our table is ready.  Pure bliss.  This place really has it all.  Great coffee, friendly staff, convenient outdoor seating, good crowd to hang out with, as well as a separate seating area away from the main line, so you can enjoy a cup without people bustling around you to get theirs.  They also have great beans.We've been here several times, and have enjoyed it each time.  When the line is out of control, I will usually just go ask them for a cup of brew, and skip the wait.  Their beans are good, and I consistently get a cup of coffee I like.  All around, a really great place!!Check it out if you haven't - you won't be disappointed.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2013,1/9/2014,74,287,4,13,4>Uh, oh, I'm in trouble!  I'm supposed to be losing weight and now Irina's Gourmet Bakery has opened up just a few blocks from me to sabotage my efforts!Located at the NW corner of 119th and Quivira, Irina's belongs to a woman who previously had a shop but then closed to concentrate on special order cakes, as I understand it.  Now she's reopened a retail bakery on this busy corner in Overland Park.The somewhat small space has enough room for a kitchen, a display case and a few tables.  The display case was well-stocked with numerous temptations, including whole cakes (in sensibly smaller sizes for bringing home) and individual pastries and tarts.  I saw tiramisu squares, key lime tartlets, mille-feuilles (Napoleons), berry tartlets, cheesecake, etc.  The shop just opened, but I assume some of the most popular items will be regular offerings while other changing specialties will offer variety.  Today I sampled an almond-raspberry slice.  On the plate it looked a bit skimpy, but I shouldn't have feared.  It was one of those European treats that's small but deadly!  According to Irina, it's made entirely of almonds, which I assume refers to the thin cake layers covered in a bit of raspberry preserves and a delicious buttercream, all topped with a chocolate glaze.  The whole made up a rich, dense and altogether yummy treat!  The slice wasn't tooth-achingly sweet -- just sweet enough to be dessert without overwhelming the other flavors.  With a generous cup of coffee, this Mittel-European afternoon break was less than $5!!!  You can see why I'm trouble!  Being so close, and at those prices, I'll be at Irina's all the time!Except for Andre's and Natasha's, Kansas City has had something of a void in the fine patisserie category.  Irina's helps meet the need very satisfactorily in JoCo.  And it's encouraging to see that another new patisserie has opened on 39th Street in town -- another place to check out soon!  But if you're out in Planet Suburbia, Irina's will be hard to beat for delicacies to take home, or to enjoy in the shop for a mid-morning or afternoon break, just like in the civilized world!P.S.  You can like Irina's on Facebook.  Then you'll get periodic photos of her latest creations, especially cakes, which she apparently likes to decorate creatively.  She's got some photos up of some of her wedding cakes, which look wonderful!  I don't know what she uses for the cake itself.  I assume you can choose the type of cake you want.  If it were for me, I'd ask for the almond-raspberry slice to be made as a cake!  It'll be nothing like the standard rather boring white or yellow cake, and utterly delicious.  Your guests will swoon and your wedding will live long in their memories as the place they had that superb cake!
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2013,1/8/2014,57,252,,10,2>We weren't quite sure what was getting ready to open in our neighborhood when all the remodeling started. When I found out The White Horse Pub was a British Pub we knew we have to try it. Hubby ordered Bangers and Mash and I ordered The Black and Blue burger with "Chips"  ;)  . You might think, "A burger is a burger, Shelley", but NO, it's not. Not when you can choose from ground beef, ground turkey, ground lamb, or grilled chicken. Then you can make it your own be choosing the toppings up to and including HP sauce. All the burgers come on a buttered and toasted, super soft ciabatta roll. Oh man, I looked at Hubby and told him that I should take the other half to Grinders so they can see how a burger should taste. (Was that mean?) Oh well, they make a terrible burger and The White Horse Pub makes a great one. Never mind about it anyway; I ate the whole thing! The Chips are chips/fries and nothing to write home about, though. The Bangers and Mash was just what Hubby expected. Homey, filling, and simple. Buttered sweet peas filled the shallow bowl followed by a heaping portion of real mashed potatoes, gravy that Hubby says tasted like roast beef (yum) and the Cumberland sausages were mild and like a frankfurter texture with breakfast sausage flavor (if that makes sense). The decor is fun and not overbearing. They have a large bar for watching one of three big screens while you sip your imported beer. This is a super fun Pub that I'm so glad it found it's way to my neighborhood.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,1/7/2014,98,58,2,10,4>Don't let the drab decor and hole-in-the-wall style interior fool you - this is a great place for Chinese food in KC.  In fact, they service Korean-Chinese food as well, which is prett hard to find anywhere.Everyone knows that the hole-in-the-wall places always serve the best food.  I'd recommend looking on their "authentic" menu to find the hidden gems.We ordered the Seafood Soup with Egg White and Vegetables - this is a tasty, hearty soup that reminds me of home-cooked soups I'd ask for when I was traveling in cold weather in China.  There was some ginger in it, and generous chunks of fish, crab and shrimps, with some mushrooms and egg.  So tasty, even on a warm day, and great for when you're feeling under the weather!We also ordered the Kun Pun Gi (kun punggi) and Duck with onions and hoisin sauce. The Kun pun gi is one of my favorites - a Korean-Chinese dish that is lightly battered and fried chicken pieces in a light sauce with onions and some hot peppers.  Not too spicy, but crispy and delicious! The sauce complements it well, and reminds me of the tasty BonChon and Kyo Chon fried chicken places that are so common in LA and NYC (that I miss so much!)  If you like duck, go for the duck with onions/veg and hoisin sauce - generous duck sliced so thin with tons of veggies!I also would recommend the San Sham Champpon (which is a hearty, spicy Korean-style Chinese food soup, with fish and shellfish).  I recommend this when the weather gets cold!  Also, they make a black bean and noodles dish, Jajangmyeon, which is not on their menu, but which is one of my personal favorites. Served to single people on Valentine's Day, it is tasty on a cold day.The service here was prompt and friendly.  The waitstaff looked a little frantic and were running all over the place, but they got the job done!  Overall, it's a hole-in-the-wall place, so don't expect super-clean or decedent decor, but come for the tasty food and good service, and leave with a full and happy belly!
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,1/6/2014,29,217,4,7,5>I can't believe I haven't written a review for Zaina yet. I work across the street from this fine establishment and am SO glad Zaina exists. You see, we often work late hours at my office and will call out for dinner. I often suggest Zaina and it never disappoints. My favorite is the shawarma beef meal. The beef is always perfectly cooked and the sauce is AMAZING. They have excellent portions and always feels like a well-balanced meal. The fact that the wait staff is top notch just puts a cherry on the cake. Or maybe, the tahini on the hummus? (Ok, sorry, that was pretty weak) Everybody is always friendly, talkative yet incredibly efficient. If you work nearby you should come here for lunch... don't let the tons of people in there turn you away. The turnover is super fast and, heck, you should just take it as a great sign because all those people know it's AWESOME!
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,1/5/2014,165,132,25,17,10>Im sitting around with my cousins and I mention El Pollo Rey.  Immediately everyone flips out!  "The Mexican Chicken!  Oh man!  You haven't had that?!"  Everyone was shocked that I had never tried this before.  One cousin lived in the Armourdale area and had been eating El Pollo Rey since her teenage children where little kids.  She's moved out of the area but makes the 20 minute drive for her boyfriend regularly.  "You need to get some Bobby, but chicken will never be the same for you..."  I was warned.  "Send your wife tomorrow for lunch.  And tell her not to worry.  She just needs to tell the guys at the counter she wants a whole or a half."About 8pm that same evening my wife and I where headed home.  In unison we both proclaim "I'm hungry."  I didn't give any explanation or warning.  I passed our turn and headed down 7th St to Kansas Avenue for El Pollo Rey.  We arrived about 815.  They close at 9, so I was a little worried.  I was told that all of the chicken was cooked over an open fire.  I didn't see any of that when I walked in.  But the smells!  Oh man, it smells soooo flipping good in here!  At the counter I was greeted with a simple "hi."  "I'd like a whole chicken please.""for here?""To go please."  There was a pregnant pause while I waited to hear my total.  I looked down at the register and realized that the gentlemen was silently waiting on me.  I handed over my cash and in a flash we had made the exchange.  I was headed out the door with my bag o' chicken! I made the fifteen minute drive back to the JO in ten minutes.  I had a date with chicken.  I sent a message to my cousins letting them know I was checking out this chicken for myself.  I received their immediate replies.  "How was the chicken!?!"The smell of this delicious chicken had already permeated my Acura and had my taste buds primed and ready to go.  I put the bag down and ran to get comfy.  When I returned my entire home was full of the tasty and delicious smokey aroma.  I opened the box to reveal my deliciously quartered whole chicken.  There were about a dozen delicate corn tortillas.  There was also a small serving of soupy pintos and rice.  The beans were seasoned well and had tiny bits of chicharron.  The rice was pretty standard flavored of tomato/chicken bouillon.  A plastic baggy of thinly sliced red onions and chile sauce rounded out the meal.  The beans were tender and savory.  Very delicious.  The rice was pretty generic and did not wow myself or my wife.  The onions and chile where the perfect accompaniment to the smokey succulent chicken.  The chicken was deliciously seasoned, not only by the flavor of the wood smoke and the grill, but there was spice here too.  This was far beyond any barbecue I've had at any of the area restaurants and knocks out - better yet, delivers an unadulterated ass whopping to Jack Stack, OK Joes, etc.  Even at 45 minutes to 9, when the restaurant is closing down for the night, my chicken was still tender, succulent and juicy.  I prefer dark meat.  But with this chicken it didn't matter.  Even the white meat was delicious and rich.      My wife and I stood over the box making the perfect bites.  I'm pretty sure this was the best chicken I have ever had in my 36 year old life and she would say the same.      After my meal I sat on the sofa quietly.   I had just been loved properly by this chicken.  I rubbed my belly and grabbed my iPhone to reply to my cousins.  "Cuz, I feel like that filthy chicken just had its way with me.  Then it through a $50 on the dresser and left.  I just wish that chicken would call me."My cousins were right.  I have officially been turned out.  Chicken will never be the same.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2013,1/4/2014,89,62,,4,2>Love. Love. Love.There are a million coffee shops, and if you're wanting a cup of coffee, there's almost always a Starbucks close by. This place is the antithesis of Starbucks.With a cozy, wood-heavy decor, soft lighting and plenty of space, it's a great place to get some work done or have a meeting. The coffee is delicious and they have almond milk, which is a must for me - and as a bonus, they don't upcharge for it. At least not yet. ;)But what really sets this place apart are the owners and employees - there are only a handful of regular baristas (including the two owners) so you're likely to see a familiar face no matter when you go. If you're a regular for more than a couple weeks, they're likely to remember your name and your drink - I don't think I've said my order out loud in 6 months unless I wanted something different than the normal.They also do their best to support other local small businesses, including carrying Askinosie chocolates out of Springfield, MO and Oddly Correct coffee out of KCMO itself.They only do pour-overs, so the counter can get backed up at times if a lot of folks order in a row - but it's worth it. A neighborhood gem!
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2013,1/3/2014,95,53,2,5,3>A dive bar, walking distance from my home, that serves great pizza? And even delivers when I'm too lazy to cover that walking distance? I'm in!The Caddy Shack is an authentic dive with a dumpy building, cheapo furnishings and regulars who seem to have favorite spots at the bar. It has a patio, a pool table and a really good pizza.The pizza has a thin crust and an awesome, sweet sauce with little kick of spice. My BF is a fan of St.-Louis-style pizza with provel, so he was in heaven to learn that they also serve that here. And the toasted ravioli are worth the calories, especially dipped in that sauce.Also...I hear the drinks are cheap.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,1/2/2014,27,126,10,3,4>Let me just start by saying that I hate BBQ.  If you are from KC, I know I've just pissed.you.off.  But what OKJ puts out, it ain't BBQ.  It's some sort of juju-mojo-magic-hallucinogen that takes the form of BBQ in order to trick everyone into eating it.  And then eating it again.  Again. And again.So I know I am a little late to the OKJ party.  I feel my review...any review is a little pointless by now.  Everyone knows it's the best.    So I'll keep it short and sweet...Holy pulled pork sandwich, I am in-luv.  Hog-heaven.  The Carolina slaw, the tender meat...uhmaga.  I sampled a whole variety of items - sausage, ribs, Z Man, burnt ends, onion rings, fries, red beans and rice.  They were good.  The burnt ends were a close second.  But none held a flame to the pulled pork...it just had this zing.  Anyway...portion control is out the window at this place.  I left feeling like I might explode...literally burst.  So I need to work that off before returning again, but don't think my mouth hasn't been watering every single day since.  I curse you and I praise you OKJs...you are so bad for me, yet so good!
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,1/1/2014,117,117,6,8,3>As a child, I remember a Sunday evening in early fall.  Our parents took us downtown to Italian Gardens.  While dining, my dad's jaw dropped, he had seen the legendary Coach Hank Stram.  As Coach Stram passed our table, my dad stopped him and asked, "Are you Hank Stram?"  Forty-five minutes later and Coach Stram and dad were still talking.  He wished us a good night and left my dad with his jaw still dropped.While driving to work a few weeks ago, my jaw dropped to see Italian Gardens To Go right down the street from my office.  Gone is the glory days of the restaurant where John Q. Public and celebrities would rub elbows together, but the great food remains.  My first time through, the young lady who took my order was a true doll.  Very personable, enthusiastic about the place and the food (that is a HUGE plus in an eatery for me).  She offered me a complimentary Italian Lemonade.  I was bad an accepted.  It was perfect, not to sweet and just the right hit of tartness.  Now I have been back a few times since that first visit and will review several items:Spaghetti and sausage:  One of the things I always loved about Italian Gardens was their base marinara.  It wasn't overly herby or spicy and let the tomatoes really shine through which I love in a sauce.  The pasta was cooked perfectly al dente which also rarely happens with restaurant Italian.  The sausage was ok, but when put together with all the other components was very satisfying.Mini Meatball Sliders:  The meatballs were a little softer than I prefer ad didn't have that punch I like with meatballs, but the sliders were a nice snack size and not bad.Fettucini Alfredo: Again, perfect al dente pasta.  The Alfredo was nice and creamy and stuck to the pasta (I hate when the Alfredo is so runny or overly buttered it slides off the pasta.  It was also very well seasoned and didn't over power the pasta.Chicken Vesuvius:  I LOVED this appetizer.  When I saw the chicken was breaded and then sauced, I was waiting for the typical little hockey pucks of breaded chicken to be the case.  Not so.  The chicken was moist and juicy and the sauce was nice and garlicky with a nice kick to it.Now you may be saying "C'mon?! Four stars?"  Yes, four stars because the staff is awesome and friendly and the pasta cooking.  It is extremely rare to find perfect al dente pasta in the eat out realm and they have nailed it.  True the glory of the restaurant is gone, but the traditions of the DiCapo family sauce still remains.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,12/24/2013,82,53,,7,5>Cliff Drive is a uniquely KC asset that more people should be taking advantage of.A short jaunt from downtown, Cliff Drive is a blast of nature at the edge of the Historic Northeast, offering great views of the industrial East Bottoms and points north. As in meanders through Kessler Park, the route feels more like a trip through Carolina mountains than it does the edge of an urban neighborhood.The car-free weekends are an awesome feature, and it usually means that any feeling of isolation is washed away with other runners, cyclists, or leisure seekers. The area is also popular with rock climbers and other rock-face enthusiasts who enjoy the exposed limestone faces along the route.I find Cliff Drive to be consistently welcoming, though it can be somewhat quiet due to its length and isolation on a random weekend. The disc golf course, which is in a stunning setting, really helps to add life to the area, and I'd love to see more runners and cyclists enjoying the route with me.There is much to discover here as well. Given its history and setting in one of KC's first wealthy suburbs, you'll find secrets in the areas along the route. Slow down and look for old staircases connecting the route to the neighborhood above, and enjoy the waterfalls, bridges, and overhangs that give this area its historic character.Cliff Drive is a KC treasure. We need to do a better job embracing it.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2013,12/23/2013,30,44,,3,3>Sublime menu in an intimate setting.We were seated promptly for our 715 reservation. Though the restaurant was full on a Friday night, opening week, things went very smoothly.Upstairs is kind of warm, but not uncomfortable. Feel free to wear shorts. The room is mostly dark wood, and the tables are pretty close together, that's ok,The menu is pretty short, one or two soups, 2 salads, 3 appetizers and maybe 6 entrees. All seasonal produce.I had the fluke crudo which was beautiful. 5 pieces of fish with a mild tart dressing. My wife had the tomato salad which was refreshingly diffenent than your standard caprese. The tomatoes were peeled, but still bursting with flavor. It was a healthy portion too.Even better was my entrée, the arctic char. The fish skin was seared crisp, but the flesh was not overcooked. It came with fingerling potatoes, sliced into nickel-sized coins with a mild mustard sauce. The fish and potatoes worked very well together. I ate the whole thing, too. It was a nice size portion of fish, too.My wife got the gnocchi, which were just as good. Airy dumplings with a savory sauce.The dessert menu presented another 5 or so options, and a couple of dessert wines. We split the peach cake, which was a big crumb cake with nice flavor.The staff was very attentive and polite. Also the bread before dinner came from Frerere (around the corner.) Excellent stuff.I was really impressed. Entrees were between $19 and $23, and the apps, soups and salads ranged from $9 to $13, desserts were $7, so this place was really affordable for the quality of beautiful food you got. Surprisingly large portions, too, but not ridiculous.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2013,12/22/2013,61,366,2,10,1>Could not find any reviews on this place and we were told by a nearby business that it was fairly new to the area.  I am here to tell you that if you like this type of cuisine, you need to go and support them.  If you have never tried this cuisine, you should.They have an extensive menu and the food and service is fantastic.  We started with soup - I the chicken noodle and my husband with the tomato.  Mine was a mild broth with small bits of chicken - very taste.  The tomato was thick and spicy with a different texture than your traditional tomato soup but I think I liked it better than the chicken!We ordered some naan bread - just the plain - it is out of this world good.   Fresh, hot from the oven.I had the Moti Mahal Korma which is a vegetarian dish.  My husband had the Chicken Tikka Masala.  Dishes are served in a bowl and the rice is brought in a separate dish.  The basmati rice was cooked perfect - moist, not sticky.  The Korma was a delicious mix of vegetables in creamy spicy sauce.  I ordered medium spice and it had a small after bite.  The chicken also ordered with medium was definitely spicy enough to light your mouth up.  It was in a tomato base sauce with huge chunks of chicken.  Both of these dishes were excellent.  We had enough left for another meal so we ordered rice to go and more bread.   Well ok we ordered because the rice and bread was so good that we simply wanted more of it...Much to our surprise, we got rice pudding and a sweet plum brought to our table.  I recall eating rice pudding once and didn't much care for it however, so not to be rude, I wanted to try it again.  It had me wanting more.... I am now a fan of rice pudding when cooked the way they do it.  The sweet plum was warm and received and OMG after I savored it.Lastly, our waitress brought us a piece of frozen fruit on a stick.  Just a cube and it tasted like mango.  I must say, it was very refreshing to end our meal like this.We are now huge fans of this place.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,12/21/2013,33,43,2,4,2>I wanted to do a quick update on my previous review.  We had our wedding ceremony and reception at The Bauer on Saturday.  Everything turned out great!  After working back and forth with Ashlee so much leading up to the day and then on the day of, we had Israel (and the owner for a little bit that morning) working with us.  They were both fantastic and helped us through any questions or issues we may have had!  Israel was there all day checking in on us and making sure we stayed comfortable the whole time.  He helped us navigate some stuff throughout the day (like staging our first look) and helped finish us out at the end of the night.  It was so nice having the grooms room and brides room to get ready beforehand and then using the auxiliary Parlour space as a quiet area away from the busyness of the dance floor.  The venue was exactly what we were looking for both inside and outside (with the views of the city).  All of our guests complimented us on it and we would not have changed a thing.    I am so glad we found this place and got the chance to make such wonderful memories there!  Now we'll just have to patiently wait to get our photos back so we can share them!
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,12/20/2013,102,158,,9,6>I have now been here for brunch AND dinner, and on more than one occasion.  And I can honestly say that we experienced consistently exceptional service AND food during each visit.  Our service this last visit was so exceptional that I was almost in shock.  The server had actually remembered us from the last time we were there, AND she recalled my dietary restrictions.  When she saw me walk in, she was proactive, and went ahead with consulting the kitchen to determine which sides I might be able to have.The great thing about this place (for ME) is that the menu "as is" already offers so much variety.  Many of the meals are already naturally gluten-free, and can be modified for dairy-free very easily.  The menu is seasonal, so it changes regularly.  But I have yet to experience any disappointment or challenges when ordering here.  It is SO refreshing.  The menu items are very creative and diverse.  I feel like there is something for everyone.  I mean, if I can find something, and actually have CHOICES on a menu - then I can't imagine how other "normal" people without all of my limitations, should be able to find not just one thing, but handful of options.The location is beautiful. It is located in a castle.  An actual castle.  If you enter from the back (where there is plenty of lot parking), you can also see the courtyard / patio area, where when weather permits, they do happy hour and food service.Everyone there has managed to make me feel comfortable and safe with my meals, and have gone above and beyond in all respects of the dining experience.Our food has been delicious every time as well.  I definitely think it is worth the drive for those folks who may have some sort of aversion to crossing the state line, & venturing into Kansas.  It isn't that far, first of all. And even if for you it is, I personally think it is worth the trip.I would recommend checking out the menu online , or calling to inquire as to what the current dishes are, if you are at all super picky, or craving something specific. It is also not a huge space.  So reservations might be a good idea.I have had everything from a customized omelet, with sweet potato hash, to bacon brussels sprouts with the fish entree.  I have yet to try any desserts. But we have tried some of the cocktails.  They even created a special mocktail for me with a house made ginger syrup when I was having a serious ginger craving.  I do that on occasion.I hope to make it for happy hour some day.  However, I am going to require a driver back to Waldo.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2013,12/19/2013,46,82,4,3,3>Ski lift over Africa! If you aren't afraid of heights, remember to tightly tie up or strap on your shoes, tuck all monies somewhere firmly, and please for the love of cheese, hold your cell phone - do it. Get on the lift! The funny part is to see every thing I just named scattered across the path of the lift that oversees Africa. Its a beautiful body of water on one side. The giraffes and elephants are on the other side.The separate ponds have catfish in them. If you feed them the pod leaves from the trees, the entire school of fish come up and with the murky water, it is a sight.  I am not sure if some of the cages are big enough. I agree that there is not  a "flow" like the bigger zoos, but in all fairness, with the acreage, I think it works. The zoo is huge so I like it.The other part is the drawings from the elephants. They have shows where the paint for the crowd, The crazy part is that some of the art they do is better than art I have seen in galleries. In my opinion...
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,12/18/2013,30,269,,6,3>Time to do errands and Pop's Cafe was on our way so we stopped there for breakfast this morning.  Hubby and I liked the casual, friendly attitude and the relatively small dining space (capacity 48).  It's got that old-time diner feel and the printed menu is modest but there are also daily specials for every day of the week plus the weekend and more specials are listed on a handwritten board on the wall, and includes a list of the kinds of pies, soup, salads & sides available.  And breakfast was GOOD!  Basted eggs (soft, runny yolks but firm-cooked whites, just the way I like them), Bacon (crispy without being burned), fried potatoes (hand sliced and pan fried) and sour dough toast.  ALL GOOD!  Hubby got a three egg omelet called "Meat Lovers" with bacon, ham and sausage, toast and lots of hash browns.  His looked good too and it must have been, 'cause he polished it off lickity-split.Pop's Cafe doesn't look fancy from the outside and it's not fancy inside but it is just fine for a neighborhood joint.  It is the kind of place that is worth another visit -- soon.  And on Thursdays the Special of the Day is one of my favorites: Liver and Onions!  Hummm.... tomorrow is Thursday.... can that be a coincidence?
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,12/17/2013,182,367,1,5,5>FABULOUS! I am so happy we got reservations here.  After winding our way back to the alley behind the Rieger, we descended a rather steep set of stairs with the Courtney, our hostess, and entered the small, dark room that comprises Manifesto.  Recently names one of the top 10 bars in America, I can definitely see why - the cocktail selection is amazing.  Sooo glad we sat at the bar- we not only got to talk with the very busy bar staff about the cocktails, we also got an amazing show with all the shaking, flaming cocktails, and fast hands preparing a plethra of drinks over the course of the evening.  The very educated mixologists behind the bar offered great suggestions for us to suit our tastes.  I tried the McDermott, an absinthe cocktail, and my hubby got the Pickett Fence, which contained whiskey or bourbon (can't remember)...Both very amazing ($13 per cocktail).  We followed up with a Red Belle, made with red pepper juice, which was  very unique drink that grew on me. Overall, really a fun experience - I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a unique experience around KC!!!  It is very small inside, so not suited for really large nor really loud groups.  It's an intimate setting for smaller groups with the dim interior and snug booths.  Reservations are a must because ~30 people at a maximum could squeeze downstairs at any given time.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,12/16/2013,530,119,10,15,12>"We were told about this other place in a gas station...""Wait, wait, wait," I said, "I know, you're from out of town and you've heard you should go there, but you know what?  Right now there's an hour and a half wait.  Instead, I'm gonna take you to an even more unique experience, a couple of miles from here.  We're gonna sit outside this old house with hand-painted signs and the brick ovens pouring their smoke all over us while we eat cheesy corn and burnt ends.""What's a burnt end?""I know, you're not familiar with KC BBQ, just being in town for a day and all, but this is the BBQ you gotta try while you're here," I reassure them.About then, my other guest says, "Is there anything on the menu besides beef or pork?""Um, CHICKEN?  SALMON!  It's SMOKED!  On a SANDWICH! GET THAT FISH!""Ok, I'm going to get the salmon.""Good," I say, I'm gonna get that damn chicken, because theirs is frikkin' awesome, and Bourdain ate that when he was here with those dudes pretending they were doing a show on Kansas City.""Oh, right, I remember that."So, we get there, it's an unseasonably warm November evening, the sun is going down, and we get heaping plates of chicken, burnt ends, beans, cheesy corn, some of that salmon, and 3 Boulevard Pilsners, and I tell these folks who are in town from Las Vegas who have never even set their mouths on the delights they're about to receive that they will be astounded by what they're about to taste.And, they are.  We sit on their deck and drink and laugh and eat and share...lots of sharing."Here, taste this stuff, you're gonna cry.""Oh, man, you got any cheesy corn left?""Dem BEANS!"And on and on until we ate our plates.  We drove off as the sun was just going down, off to downtown KC to see the city lit up at the end of the highway."KC is pretty damn awesome," they say."Damn straight," I reply, still wiping the sauce out of my moustache.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2013,12/15/2013,22,64,2,8,4>What!?! You can get some of the best coffee in Kansas City at the train station? Yep, that's true. You can get some of the best coffee in Kansas City at the Kansas City Amtrak Station. I use the train about once per month going back and forth from Kansas City to St. Louis and I go to Parisi Café on the way there and on the way back. The staff is very knowledgeable and willing to walk you through the different artisanal coffee selections without being snobby; something I wish I could say about all small trendy coffee shops. This coffee shop is great for everyone from the casual coffee drinker to the snobby hipster who wants an individual pour-over or toddy brew from Ethiopia.  If you're looking for great coffee you should look no further than Parisi Café.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,12/14/2013,123,113,,8,3>So opening night and my friend and I went to check things out.   First - the building is really neat.  Lots of cool architectural details on the ceiling, very large windows, an upstairs space, nice big bar, lots of seating.  Second - there were lots of people but it wasn't overwhelming and the service was terrific.  Third - really nice beer selection on draft plus bottles and booze - I assume there is wine but I didn't see it nor did I order any.  Menu - it's really pretty nice - pizza, sandwiches, salads, etc.  They are going to offer a gluten free crust in the future.   We ordered a pizza - pepperoni with jalapenos and it was delightful.  I think we got the 14" pizza and it was huge!  Lots of toppings, cheesy and the crust was light and crispy - and a beer each.As I mentioned, the service was great - we were asked if we needed anything but it was appropriate.  Our pizza was boxed up, our check brought out, and everything was terrific.  Between this place and the bakery it is nice to have some more options in this part of town.  Yay!
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2013,12/13/2013,24,180,2,4,2>I'm naturally inclined to love any place that refers to itself as a Wine Dive, so Louie's had points in their favor going in. I didn't go downstairs, but the main dining area was small, yet still didn't make you feel like you were sitting on top of your neighbor. It was fairly uncrowded when I went (a Sunday afternoon), so it might feel more cramped if it's crowded.Speaking of the time of my visit, I made reservations because I had heard that there could be a wait. There was nothing available between 5:45 and 8:30 on this Sunday, so I chose 5:45. And... there was hardly anyone there the entire time we were dining. Perhaps they limit the number of reservations they take so they can accommodate walk-ins, but it was a bit odd.I found the wine selection to be wonderful, and I love their policy of opening bottles and then posting them on the board. It's a nice surprise, and may be a way to try some wines that are normally only served by the bottle.My friend and I started with some of the seasonal drinks from the bar, and they were both great. My only complaint about the experience at Louie's as a whole was that any drinks we ordered (these, and the wine we had with our meal) took a very long time to get. Otherwise, the service was prompt and helpful.My friend had the salmon salad, and I tried the four pork gnocchi. Which may seem like a strange choice for the middle of summer, but four pork! It was super, and my friend enjoyed her salad a great deal.The menu is expansive and has a great selection for all kinds of diners. I'm really looking forward to heading back and exploring it more.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,12/12/2013,65,258,3,4,3>I love this store.I love the jewelry.I love the shoes. I love the friendly staff.I love the clothes both vintage and retro.I even quite like the prices.I have not yet found the right item in my size, but I won't give up.Donna's carries some plus sized, so hooray. I'd love to see more larger sizes though. Until then, I'll keep visiting and searching.The hunt is half the fun!
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2013,12/10/2013,49,45,3,5,4>You know, I've always said some of the best places to eat are the little 'hole in the walls'.  That could definitely not be more true than in the case of La Hamburguesa Loca.Holy crap!  I starting to drool just thinking about this burger and I haven't even started describing it yet!  A couple of our neighbors alerted me to this little slice of heaven, located in Northeast Kansas City.  It is on Independence Avenue, just a smidge west of Benton Blvd, on the south side of the road.  If you blink, you will miss it!  We parked in a lot at the intersection of Benton and Independence and walked down to the restaurant.La Hamburguesa is very unassuming, but clean and nice.  There are tables for dine in and you do have service as well.  The first thing you find odd about the menu is the lack of prices.  Yes, prices are no where to be found, regardless of if you're looking at the English side or the Spanish side of the menu!  That being said, the prices are very reasonable.  I couldn't tell you what the prices are, but they're reasonable!  Haha!Now just so you know, there are other items on the menu in addition to the Crazy Burger.  While I'm sure they're tasty and they do smell wonderful (I caught wiffs of food being taken to other patrons in the restaurant), this review will be about the burger.  OHHHHHHHHHHHHH MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!It's that good!!  Here's what you get.  A huge, succulent, tender hamburger patty (I think it's 2/3 pound - maybe more), bacon, cheese, guacamole, lettuce, tomato and ham.  It's possible I may have also missed an item or two.  Fries are also included with your crazy burger, so it's a great deal.  The bun is also placed on the grill, so when you get the burger it is uber hot!  So just imagine all this meat and goodness, encased in this yummy burger, juices dripping everywhere...  Literally, it's food porn.  I'm just sayin'!  That burger was incredible and I highly recommend it!When I go back, I'll try to force myself to order something else from the menu.  Or maybe I'll just get the burger along with something else...  That would not be a bad thing!
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,12/9/2013,118,260,3,4,5>In the strictest of Yelp terms; Mud Pie Vegan Bakery & Coffeehouse is truly Woohoo! As good as it gets!This is on a somewhat of a sliding scale, I suspect that somewhere in the world is a bakery and or coffeehouse that - if applied mathematics were used to subjectively quantify "Bakery" and "Coffeehouse" - may score as good or better than Mud Pie but come on, let's get real here. Mud Pie isn't just getting lucky by being in a town of 2.3 million and competing with three - count them; 3 - all vegan restaurants. I'm pretty sure my vegan bakery can kick your bakery's ass. Mud Pie is that good. Service is ridiculously friendly, it's the kind of place that either makes you happy you have the time to stick around or bitter for what ever is the cause of you having to grab and go. As has been mentioned before, Mud Pie is in a 19-teens hundred's-ish house along 39th street with (admittedly) a virtually non-existent parking "lot". A comfortable patio offers great people watching and/or a place to catch up with a friend. Inside are little niche's that used to make up a home but now serve as miniature retreats from the day. Mud Pie is a great place to get away for just a bit while enjoying great coffee and even better in-house, baked, cruelty-free treats.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,12/8/2013,150,498,,5,2>Very nice salon, it's tiny but feels intimate (rather than crammed) and each of the stylists is quite passionate about his/her art... it's friendly, the vibe is trendy without being tragically hip, and I have great hair now after Aaron corrected my weird, uneven layers.  I love the hairdryers with the tattoo flash!  They get extra points for the online booking system, too, which actually makes it far more likely that I will get in for regular appointments rather than putting it off until I can't stand my hair one more minute.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,12/7/2013,41,102,,6,2>Ok guys. This just isn't fair. How is a girl supposed to eat healthy with places like Beignet? But he, don't let my cries about how unfair life is steer you in the wrong direction, though. Beignet is top notch scrumptious. They have tons of incredible beignets, ranging from classic, to sweet and savory - you're sure to have trouble making up your mind. We ordered one of the "crusty crab" beignets the other day and.. just, wow. Crispy and piping hot with tons of crab meat inside. Incredible. Simple as that. The tiramisu one was pretty good too, but it needed more coffee for my personal taste. But, despite it's namesake, beignet offers other goodies too. We tried the sweet potato fries that were probably some of the best in town. I also ordered the Daddy Duke crepe, which had spicy andouille sausage and it was incredible!The decor is a neat mix of artsy and old fashioned and the service was great. It wasn't busy on the day that I went, but I hear it can be a mad house in there on Saturday mornings.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,12/6/2013,292,268,2,7,6>What to get that person that seems to already own every thing under the sun?  How about an alligator claw from Oracle!  This tiny little shop called Oracle is full of fine curiosities and oddities.  The animal kingdom is represented in one fashion or another here.  Even though it's a tiny spot, it took my eyes awhile to focus because there is a lot visually to take in.  The owners did an amazing job with the space.  It's beautifully done.  It's modern and white which provides a nice back drop to showcase all of the textures and colors of the curiosities throughout.  They mix in a lot of warm antique pieces to house tails and feathers and such.The owner was so nice.  So personable.  So stylish.  She was easy to talk with and had a great knowledge of the product they carry.  Go check out Oracle to find that one piece that you didn't know you were missing, or go and check out this one of a kind store that we were missing here in KC.  Just go!
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2013,12/5/2013,50,125,1,12,10>Some days the culinary 'stars' align and serendipitous events wash one upon the shores of lunchtime happiness. Such was the case yesterday when I was introduced to Sweet Siam where I renewed by love of Thai food! Being new to the city, I welcomed the introduction. Let me assure you: The food prepared here, and the assortment of choices present you with very authentic dishes with fresh-grown ingredients. I've enjoyed Thai food over the decades in Chicago, Minneapolis, San Fran, Singapore, London and HongKong. KC, you've got world class Thai right here! The owner Michael, has been preparing & serving Thai for over twenty years. The authentic Thai chefs have been with Michael for eighteen years, and are of that culture.At lunch you get a soup or salad. I chose the delicious--and light--coconut soup. Fresh mushrooms float in the soup and the broth is slightly sweet with a tinge of heat. Amazingly, the coconut broth is light and not thick at all--perfect in my book. Luncheon selections are manageable in number but offer enough variety to please any Asian-flavor seeking palate. I chose Gai Pad Prik. The chefs hit this just right! The dish arrived steaming, and with the cabbage decorated with carrot roses, it looked as great as I anticipated it tasting!It is a Thai dish of thinly sliced (meat of your choice) but I chose chicken this visit, stir fried at medium, with chili peppers (they grown their own Thai peppers use in this dish) and herbs. This dish  includes shallots, garlic, hot chili peppers, thinly sliced sweet onion, red and green peppers, oriental mushrooms, garden fresh green onions, a hint of Thai mint and home grown basil leaves, soy, fish, and oyster sauces and just a touch of palm sugar.The sauce is a beautiful reddish brown, of a thinner consistency (which I prefer) and beautifully seasoned. Light, sprightly, fragrant, and satisfying. If you are heat-shy, you can request calmer, but I took this dish as it came and only broke a slight sweat!  Rice accompanies all dishes.I had no room for dessert, but learned that the Coconut Cake is fresh made on premises, by one of the Thai chefs each day. I will surely try this next trip!Limited but well-selected beer and wine list, as well as house made tea and coffee drinks.Clean open atmosphere to the restaurant, and from the amount of patrons there this afternoon, a well-appreciated spot.As close as you can come to Asia and not leave your present zip code. I'm in!
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,12/4/2013,43,125,,9,5>To be perfectly honest, I wasn't a huge fan of Parisi's whole coffee beans I would purchase from area grocery stores and brew at home. Through trial & error and being educated from some of the best Barista's in KC, Topeka, and Lawrence, I quickly developed a better appreciation for Parisi's products. I would definitely put Parisi's coffees and espressos top 3 in Kansas City (possibly the best).As with any food product, the results are dependent on many factors. In my opinion, the quality of coffee bean is inherently dependent on the strength of the coffee bean farmer. From there, the coffee roaster needs a great staff of people to source and cupp what ultimately reaches the retail & cafe sector. Guess what......Parisi has grown leaps and bounds since I had my first cup of Parisi coffee back in 2008. It's no secret I'm one of the most loyal and dedicated fans of PT's coffee and even though Parisi may not receive the high grades of a PT roast, they are indeed worthy of a mention. Sure, many people will scoff at the thought of a top grade coffee house sitting smack dab in one of Kansas City's premier suburban shopping districts (Town Center Plaza). Don't let this stop you from visiting the Parisi's Cafe off 117th & Nall in Leawood Kansas. The place is absolutely gorgeous and impeccably clean! Very art deco nd contemporary with soft lighting. I was extremely surprised at the seamless layout and amounting of seating available. Chilled, laid back ambiance with a hint of class. Very little wasted space and situated in a prime location that is still being developed. Plenty of parking and always a ton of foot traffic which is rare in many suburban settings. Think of a scaled back downtown setting in the middle of America suburbia. The Parisi Barista's are downright cool people. Patient and willing to help customer's I've witnessed struggle with their selection. Clean cut and dressed somewhat casual with button up shirts & ties. The many times I've visited, the Barista's have produced very consistent drinks. Like most coffee shops, there have been times when the drinks were a little off. Maybe not hot enough, maybe a slight bitter bite to the espresso, maybe a little too sweet, latte art a little off, etc. But let me stress........this is rare and expected with any service industry. Not a big deal at all. Baristas have off days, equipment malfunctions, or new Barista's are perfecting their craft. Again, no biggie.   The coffee's are very good. The various roasts taste like most top notch single origin varieties. The espressos based drinks are absolutely wonderful. Flavorings (refuse to call them syrups) are some of the best I've had in years. Not 100% sure, but I think some (if not all) of Parisi's flavorings are made in house. Without question, the pastries at Parisi's are second to none. Don't forget the Italian soda's. They are actually pretty good as well. The Leawood location has a few cold food selections in the cooler area. Saw some good looking salmon and grilled chicken breast. I've had their salads from the cooler and always fresh and tasty. I saved the best for last: To my utter surprise on a recent visit I see the 2013 World Barista Champion Pete Licata walk through the kitchen door. I contemplated whether or not to approach him as he appeared to be quite busy. As he walked back by I introduced myself and  we ended up having a 30-45 minute conversation. The guy couldn't have been any nicer or accommodating with his time. His knowledge of the entire coffee industry was unbelievable. Pete is actually employed by Parisi as a 'Quality Assurance Manager', Baristsa, trainer, roaster, sourcer, dishwasher, and all around good guy. In our short time, I learned a great deal usually only gained through Barista training school's, video's, book's, etc. It may sound outlandish to some, but Pete Licata is a world famous Barista  and celebrity in the specialty coffee industry. Mark this down as another notch in this regions belt as a true specialty coffee powerhouse player. Seattle, Portland, New York, Chicago, San Francisco, and all the other coffee darlings of the industry need to take notice of what Kansas City and the surrounding area offers.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,12/3/2013,12,55,2,2,3>This place is fantastic.  Don't let the grocery store as you enter fool you.  Walk in and to the left there is a simple counter with a menu posted on the wall.  Order and then your food will be brought to you in the seating area opposite of the grocery.  The food is unbelievable.We had a family meal there and split a large salad that was full of cucumbers, tomatoes, feta cheese, lettuce and olives with a tangy dressing.  Not overdressed it was just right.Also ordered was the falafel platter, the hummus platter and the chicken kabobs.  OH my...so much food and only one stomach to eat it with.  The falafel was perfectly cooked and was neither dry nor greasy.  It came with three different accoutrements; a hot chili paste, tzatziki sauce and a mixture of tomatoes, cucumbers and perhaps tahini.  All were great.  The hummus was the creamiest I have had in a while with rich olive oil drizzled on top.  And of course more of the chili paste in the middle so you could spice it how you liked.  The chicken kabob and rice were so tasty.  Chucks of chicken over saffron rice with fried onions and bell peppers.  The rice was so decadent I could have made a meal of it alone.  And of course there was plenty of fresh pita to eat with.My only regret is this is so far away from the house.  We were on our way to the zoo when I yelped for something good.  I am glad I did, and I promise to make the journey back soon.  Already dreaming of the falafel.....
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,12/2/2013,109,469,,6,1>Came here for my anniversary a couple weeks ago. We made a reservation and were led back to a series of booths that just felt very intimate and private like we were the only people in the restaurant (aside from the occasional person trekking back to go to the bathroom).Our server did a good job of explaining the menu for us (my husband and I were both pretty indecisive because there were so many things that looked good). One of the main issues was with the fact that I wanted to do the four course tasting menu and my husband really just wanted a starter and main entree. He told us that everything would be spaced out accordingly and it was. I received my crab dip at the same time his beef tartare arrived. We both enjoyed ours but my husband would have preferred the bread that came with mine over the crackers he received to eat with his.Next, my yummy tomato and beet salad arrived. We both nibbled off of it and I'm sure they would have brought another plate had we wanted. Our main courses arrived next. I ordered the roasted salmon which was fantastic and my husband ordered the pork chop (which wasn't on the tasting menu). Next we ordered coffee to go with the desert that we shared off of my tasting menu. Our server convinced us to go with the espresso molten chocolate cake. I wish I would have stuck with my gut and ordered one of the lighter desserts because it was a little too rich and intense for both of me (especially with the coffee).My only annoyance with the meal came when our bill arrived. A manager came over and told us that our dessert was on the house since I couldn't drink champagne (I'm very noticeably pregnant right now) so she offered to comp our dessert. Well, since we only had the dessert from the tasting menu that didn't really make a difference either. Instead we were charged for an additional dessert that we didn't even order (which was removed) and nothing else additional (like even just the cost of the dessert) was taken off our bill.I just feel like when someone tells you they will be comping something, they should at the very least take a minimal amount off to compensate. I don't think we would have really cared if it wasn't mentioned, but we didn't feel comfortable saying anything after that.Will definitely head back here again, but probably not for a while.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,12/1/2013,52,79,4,7,4>My boyfriend spent three years in Vienna, so he's extremely picky about German/Viennese restaurants.  We heard great things about Grünauer, so decided on meeting some friends for dinner... BEST.DECISION.EVER!The outdoor space is great & their food is spectacular!  The meat/cheese plate is probably the best I've had, ever!  They need to sell their liverwurst, it was just amazing!  For dinner we each had had variations on schnitzels, all were delicious.  On to the cocktails, they were superb!  The boy loved the fact that the servers not only pronounced the food and drink options correctly (huge pet peeve of his) but were spot on with recommendations and were able to answer any questions we had.  Beer selection, best he's seen in KC!  And yes, for those who are wondering, they do indeed have das boot!  Con: (yes con, as in singular) The place is pricey - we spent close to $400 for 4 people, granted we had the appetizer, entrees and drinks, but it's still on the high end for the area.  We'll have to limit our Grünauer outings to special occasions only, but that will make the next experience that much more special!
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,11/30/2013,160,440,2,5,4>While enjoying some blues at Knuckleheads David and Susan told me about Mi Mercado. It was just over a mile away so I decided to grab some dinner there. In the back of the store is a little Mexican deli (with a few American deli food items) complete with a toppings bar and various drink options. I wish they would have had a sampler type platter so I could try some of everything, but being they did not I decided on the 4 taco platter. I ordered 4 different meats, I can't remember each right now, but decided to try a pigs stomach one. The meal came with beans and rice. I also grabbed some chicharron and grabbed a couple of cans of Jumex.The tacos were pretty good, and surprisingly, the pigs stomach one was the best. I wasn't sure what to expect, but it was tender and had great flavor. The rest of the tacos also had great flavor and were tender. They are served just as the meat on your choice of corn or flour shells. The toppings bar has peppers, sauces, cilantro, but no cheese, tomato, or lettuce. That was fine with me, keep it simple as it is about the meat. The beans and rice were pretty standard, but really good. The chicharron's are amazing. Not your bagged store bought fluffy ones. Real, possibly freshly cooked, and nicely warm. I didn't even cover them in hot sauce as I usually do as they could stand on their own. This was also the first time I tried Jumex and it was really good. I then read the label and I won't be drinking a lot of them, but they are really good. (Drifting off into a daydream about mixing them with alcohol...)As if the deli isn't enough, the store is pretty amazing. I wondered around, but didn't buy anything. If there is a pepper you need and can't find, come here. The selection is pretty amazing. The fresh made cakes and other desserts are beautiful! Full of color and expertly made. I had to force myself not to buy something! The bean aisle has every type of bean you could want. I kind of fell in love with it imaging all the various bean dishes I could make. The seafood and meat looked delicious. And of the prices I looked at, everything was very affordable. This is a nice store that has many Hispanic products, but also carries other things. It is a great addition to this area and kudos to them for helping to end the food desserts!
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,11/29/2013,16,168,3,6,2>We used Gomer's to get our alcohol for our wedding and I'd recommend you do the same!We were told that they'd take back any unopened stock after the event and that was about all we needed.  That sounded perfect!  So we contacted them and gave them an idea of our number of guests and what type of drinks we planned on having.  they put together a quote based on that that we tweaked a bit (our guests didn't need the BEST quality mixers... I'm paying, i'm sure they'd be happy with the next best thing and if not they can shut the hell up...) and they confirmed the order.  Actually, a couple weeks before the wedding they emailed to say they reworked their pricing a little and it wound up saving us a nice chunk of change  SCORE!They delivered everything - beer, liquor, ice, pop for mixing -  to the venue (for a small fee) the day of the wedding and were right on time.  Our delivery guy clearly had been there before because he went to the fridges (which weren't in an obvious location) and started unloading everything without needing any direction from anyone (nice bonus on a busy day).  We went through a good chunk of the liquor but didn't run out thanks to their excellent estimating.  After the wedding, we loaded up all the leftovers (Hint:  If it is an open bar, people go for the money drinks and skip the beer) and dropped it off at the store, the counted it up and charged us just for what we used and we were on our merry way.  Perfect!
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,11/28/2013,212,100,2,4,4>Butchers shops are probably not a popular vacation destination but rather you're from KC or from out of town, do yourself a favor and check out this awesome butcher shop in the East Bottoms. Local Pig is relatively new to the scene and dare I say, helped start the rise of 'fashionable' butcher shops in the KC area.  We're in the Midwest after all, so why wouldn't we buy our meats in trendy places?  But Local Pig is much more than just a shop.  In their relatively short time on the major scene, they have produced a fantastic food truck, see Pigwich, built in a covered patio area for snacking and hanging out with friends, and partnered with Yelp for an awesome Yelp Elite picnic. (not that I'm biased or anything)So much more than a butcher shop, Local Pig has friendly staff that can help answer questions about how much meat you should buy for what you're making (with just one person it is hard to figure out how much to buy sometimes!) and they even offer classes on making your own sausage!  Their attention to detail is superb and I love their packaging.  It's simple, a cardboard box tied with twine and their sticker in the corner, but it's so cute.  No more of the wrapped in paper with a price tag slapped on the front like at the grocery store, these guys put some though into their presentation. Now, if the thought of walking into a place with a cooler full of meat and a line forming around you gives you anxiety, fear not!  They have menus and chalkboards around with prices and information and there is no pressure for you to hurry.  With honeys, spices, breads, LP memorabilia, eggs, and other non-meat products available, even if you wouldn't classify yourself as a meat eater, there is a reason to go and lots to look at to help inspire you on what to buy if you are a carnivore, like me. What would I suggest?  Try the Verde Chorizo!! Honestly, I have other products here, and they are high quality and delicious, but if you have less than $5 and want to experiment in the kitchen, shake up your routine and try this dish with it's slight Chorizo spice but prepared with Roasted Almonds to bring a nutty quality, this is a unique and new flavor. I could rant on because I really enjoy my visits to the Local Pig but I'll let you stop reading so you can see for yourself.  They really do bring the fun and education to playing with your meat.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2013,11/27/2013,44,45,2,9,2>Okay here we go, new city, new places for chow.  KC doesn't have a heavy Yelp presence, so I'll try to do my part for the party.My first foray into KC Eats has been a good one- I'd heard some good word of mouth about Papu's, and it is just around the corner from my duplex. By the way, if you move to KC, Waldo is the best neighborhood ever.Not to be an eltist, because I'm just a Tulsa boy at heart, but I am coming from the big city, and LA at that, so that kind of exposure to millions of restaurants raises your level of expectation and educates you on what is the Good Stuff and what is the Not-So Good Stuff. Papu's Cafe is the Good Stuff- I've only had a couple of things there at this point, a Gyros Platter and dolmas appetizer, and I thought the meat was perfect on the sammy, and all the ingredients were appropriately fresh.  The hummus was a little heavy on the tahini for my taste, but that is total subjectivo.  Don't know where they get their pitas, but they were servicable and fresh.A Gyros platter for $5.99?  Made me shed a West Coast tear.  Also, the dolmas fell apart a bit while we were eating lunch, but overall not a biggie.Because they have a totally viewable prep area (major plus for a restaurant in a Shell gas station), I could see that the oil they used for the deep fryer was pristine and clean.  A great sign for rockin' falafel goodness, which shall be my second meal there.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2013,11/26/2013,100,160,2,3,2>I love OP. Such nostalgia for me. You can't get pizza by the slice better anywhere in KC. They get the crust to a lovely brown/toasted color I crave.I never remembered the gyros, is that new? Anyway, I ordered a "small" Greek salad to eat before the slice and they asked if I "wanted meat." To which, of course, the answer is always yes. I assumed it was salami, pepperoni, ya know, antipasti meat. Nope--full on, hot, gyro meat with warm pita! Nice! The gyro meat was where they faltered just a bit. The taste was good, they just had a little trouble reheating it. Edges were a bit...rubbery? But the rest of the salad was delicious, really big, great & fresh toppings. I never knew, OP!
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,11/25/2013,117,917,,8,3>Despite my many visits to Local Pig, I had not yet made it to Pigwich. I was super happy to finally make it, and very pleased. The menu is small, but solid. Prices are fair for the quality you get. My wife and I both had the Porchetta - pork roast, greens (which seemed like cooked spinach for the most part), truffle aioli. Seemed to be on an onion roll, but I could be incorrect. It also came with chips. All of it was absolutely delicious - the sandwich was moist and full of tons of flavor. The chips were incredibly light and delicious. The menu also includes a burger, banh mi, falafel, and cheesesteak, along with daily specials (I believe porchetta was, in fact, the Saturday special). Other specials seem to include meatloaf sandwich, Cuban sandwich, and reuben, amongst others. Service is not quick but not slow. It's certainly not fast food - our sandwiches too about 7 minutes. Service was friendly. There is plenty of outdoor seating in a covered area with picnic tables. Enjoy!UPDATE: Ended up back here the next Saturday and tried the Banh Mi...fantastic!
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,11/24/2013,553,763,2,5,5>I heard the buzz before I noticed the storefront.  All the buzz was good and I can see why.Walking through the front door was like being transported to a jazz club in an eclectic neighborhood in Chicago.  The energy in the space is unique to the club itself.  In fact, the last time I felt a similar energy was walking into the now closed "R Bar" for the very first time.  Why Chicago? 1.The diversity of the crowd (old/young/nerd/hipster/dates/girls night out/gay/straight/etc.) and 2. The bowling alley type layout/velvet curtains/tin ceilings/leather banquettes.)It wasn't until the second visit that I learned that the tables are not reserved, which is unfortunate because I stood at the bar in some very tall heels during my prior visit.  My second visit was perfect because we scored a booth within 5 minutes of walking in the door on a Saturday night.The music is all live jazz and the entire vibe is very film noir.  The bowling alley layout is great for getting a drink at the bar, but not perfect if you want to hear and SEE your music.  I'm ok with sitting farther back and not seeing the band.  Most of the time I want to visit with friends and sometimes I feel guilty have a big long conversation right in front of the hard working musicians.  In fact, the back area of the bar makes a sexy and cozy niche that is perfect for an intimate date or just laying low with pals.KC is somewhat lacking as far as lounges go and I am grateful for this film noir gem.  I fully expect to hear someone say "of all the bars in this god forsaken town, this dame had to walk into mine".....In a trench coat, of course.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2013,11/23/2013,69,196,,6,2>11 tables were occupied in this restaurant the evening we dined. 9 of them were occupied by Indian people. What does this say to me? This says that this restaurant is well respected by Indian people, which means the food must be good, traditional Indian food.I really can't rave enough about my dish. I ordered Chicken Curry (I know, I know - branch out a little next time) and hubby ordered Chicken Vindaloo. They were both amazing. My dish was buttery, with complex flavors, a kick that was very present yet somehow didn't overshadow said complex flavors, and rich in texture. Our naan was too crispy (slightly burnt), and the staff was overly anxious to please. I know "overly anxious to please" should be  a compliment, and in a way it is - but I got the distinct feeling that they were just excited to see a new face in the place. I'm not sure why it isn't more well- patronized, because the food certainly deserves it. I can only assume it's the location - 91st & Metcalf, tucked into a little strip in the Whole Foods parking lot. (What's the deal with those little shopping carts they got?)If someone is bored and/or underwhelmed with the more popular Indian restaurants in town, this would be an excellent destination trip. I will absolutely be returning, and it's my new go-to for Indian in town.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,11/22/2013,202,441,,4,3>*Sigh* I will never go to another hair salon ever again. Chop Tops is everything I've been looking for in a salon and no other place could possibly compare. I just moved from the Raytown area to the Plaza area, and have been searching for a new salon. After reading all the glowing reviews on Yelp for Chop Tops, I made an appointment and got scheduled with Ms. Jenny. No way could a hair salon be as perfect as Yelp described. Oh, but it was!In the waiting area, they offer you complimentary water, soda, beer, or wine. The owner hangs out and chats with you like you've been best friends forever. The girls are all dressed in short, black dresses and trendy haircuts. Jenny was very attentive to what I wanted done with my hair and took time to listen to my requests. The shampooing of my hair was the best! Not only did she wash my hair with great smelling shampoo but she also massaged my scalp and it was the most relaxing thing ever. She then cut, blow dyed, and styled my hair. She was chatty, but not overly chatty. She knew when to make small talk and when to just let me relax.The entire experience came to about $40 which was way lower than I expected. The owner gave me some free samples and a $5 off coupon for my next visit. I felt very welcomed and at home in this salon and can't wait to come back.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,11/21/2013,247,223,2,5,6>This is my kind of restaurant!  Instead of covering factory foods with chemicals to hide the inferior quality of the ingredients, Anton's uses the freshest natural ingredients, some produced in the basement hydroponic gardens.  They even raise their own tilapia fish in the basement, although they haven't yet reached the point at which serving their own tilapia would be sustainable.  The quality of the ingredients used in this restaurant is simply wonderful.Despite the Crossroads location of this restaurant, parking is easy here.  The restaurant is on the west side of Main St. just north of the intersection of Main with 16th St.  Immediately north of the restaurant is a public parking lot, also on the west side of the street.The wine list is good including many reasonably priced choices.  They are into the new trend of serving wine in glasses without stems.  If you order a white wine and want glasses properly containing stems, make that known in advance.  They don't have many normal wine glasses, but they have a few.The gazpacho soup was good, but not outstanding.  The corvina sea bass was remarkably fresh, comparable to what I'd expect at a seaport restaurant.  All of the salads and vegetables are excellent, and the strudel dessert was excellent.  The server was Shaun.  I will ask for him in the future, but his intent is to work at the restaurant only twice a week, since he is planning to teach in a charter school.  Anton's does not accept reservations for groups of less than 6 persons.  We arrived at 4 pm and left at 6 pm on a Friday evening.  If you want your choice of tables and the best possible service on a weekend evening, it might be best to arrive before 6 pmI"ve noticed the negative reviews of Anton's on Yelp, often about the service.  I'd guess that those yelpers had arrived when the restaurant was crowded.  When we were there in the early evening, the service was perfect.I had only one complaint.  I could not figure out how to give Anton's the sixth star that it merits.  This is not an inexpensive restaurant, but worth every penny of the cost.  Dinner at Anton's was one of my most enjoyable dining experience in a long time.  I will be back --- for sure.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2013,11/20/2013,10,100,,6,3>This is one of those places I've seen dozens of times driving to Waldo and have often thought "I really need to check that place out..."  Finally, with a Labor Day holiday and nothing to do, we made the trip.  The restaurant wasn't very busy when we arrived around 1 in the afternoon, and we were given a nice booth.  While waiting for the rest of our party, we split a spinach artichoke dip appetizer...a tasty start to our visit.  Finally, everybody else showed up, and we ordered a "Don Corleone" flatbread pizza, and a couple of beers (Cowtown Wheat and Summit St IPA).Positives:-Food was solid and arrived quickly.  Nothing on the menu made me exclaim this was the best food ever, but there are some nice options.-Nice variety of beer brewed on site, some different styles and seasonal options.-Decent sized parking lot behind the restaurant, helps with some of the parking woes in this area.-Growlers available at the bar for take-home beer!Negatives:-Our waitress seemed a little distracted, we'd have to flag her down for another beer, dessert, etc.-Not the best brewery in the KC area.  Some of the beer is hit or miss, but that's all in the fun of tasting new brews.A fun place to check out - I'll be back with my growler.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2013,11/19/2013,182,452,4,11,5>I am SO excited about this new Lawrence venue.Had anyone told me a few months ago that I'd be getting a better bowl of pork ramen than what I had in New York City this past summer I would have laughed. Not a chance in the food desert island of Lawrence, my friend.Allow me to eat my words. Or, shall I slurp them?Ramen Bowls is going through a soft opening this week but tonight, a Friday, they were totally slammed. Could have been a train wreck, and yes, there were a few minor service issues but overall it was pretty darn good. Staff was hustling, friendly, and paying attention. Kinks? Yea, a few, but don't let that stop you. The food is WORTH any minor thing like this. I've been to openings of other restaurants in town and vowed to never return. I *will* be returning here often as long as that pork dish is on the menu. I had the Hokkaido Tonkotsu Miso Ramen described in the menu as six different blends of Hokkaido miso paste in a rich, creamy pork bone broth topped with yakibuta (Japanese-style grilled pork beilly) tamago (soy sauce braised egg, optional), Aloha shoyu and a generous portion of fresh ramen noodles, local corn kernels and other veggies (which I took to mean seaweed paper and bok choy).The grilled pork belly was a pure bite of protein bliss, smokey, fatty, flavorful, a bite to truly savor. One that stops you in your tracks and you marvel at how good food can be. And the broth... get OUT of here. That is to die for. The pork Gods are happy here.My wife joined me late and they had run out of most of the dishes so she had the Haole Ramen which is chicken broth based. Not as over the top wonderful but still a marvelous dish. Drinks she had an Aussie shiraz and I had a pint of Kirin Ichiban.Food: solid 5 starsService: 3 stars ... no complaints. This will improve based on what I observed.Staff: solid 4 starsWill I be back? Oh yea, I'll be back.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,11/18/2013,65,171,,7,2>While driving to Parkville Coffeehouse I saw French Bee Bakery out of the corner of my eye, so I made several turns (all legal) back to this bakery to check it out. Even though I just carried out a few pastries, I am very excited about checking out French Bee Bakery again soon.First of all, walking in, the place is cute cute cute. The first thing you see is the black iron self-service table. The dining room is to your right and it just has a few tables (I'd say around 5-8 of them), while the baked goods and cash register is to your left.  I really like to design of the shop. All aspects of the decor compliments each other and they mimic the design of the sign out front and their logo. The place gives the feeling of a rustic but charming French bistro or even Bouchon Bakery out in Napa.I bought a handful of pastries that were delicious. The lemon shortbread was flaky and blackberry bar was deliciousy fruity and had a wonderful, buttery crust. There was a slightly off aftertaste that I noticed from the bar, but it didn't detract from the enjoyment of eating it. I also wasn't a fan of the lavender on the vanilla lavender doughnut--the dried flowers were just a little too tough for me. But flavor was good. My husband and I really enjoyed the palmier-like Turtle Swirls.They also serve soups, salads, and sandwiches. I also like that they offer a carry-out box lunch option (perfect for picnics). I'm looking forward to trying a meal and enjoying the ambiance of this cute, locally-owned place.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,11/17/2013,421,655,12,12,5>Let's say it's six o'clock and you are in the back yard and your 120lb Great Dane leaps with excitement of fetching the Frisbee it has dropped at your feet just as you are leaning over to pick it up; man's best friend's skull, which is apparently made of stone, cracks you in the cranium causing a bloodplosion and near unconscious state, what does one do? Or it's Saturday and you wake to find you have all the symptoms of the protagonist's in a combination of the movie Outbreak and Contagion and the stomach pain of a human host from Aliens, but aren't sure you have a highly contagious hemorrhagic fever or an alien growing in your abdomen and don't want to incur the co-pay for an ER visit, where do you go?The answer is College Park Urgent Care...The team of doctors, nurses and lab technicians are just the same as if you had set an appointment a week in advance and gone in during regular business hours. Oh yea the co-pay is the same as a standard visit. They can handle the stiches, lab tests, xrays and medicine samples you need right on the spot. Their systems are integrated with your favorite pharmacy and they electronically send your Rx anywhere you need to go, including the 24 hour pharmacy locations.Frankly, this team is awesome, friendly and professional. Best of all you don't need an appointment, they see everyone that walks in. They take a wide range of insurance. They work to get you in and out as quickly as they can.So don't die at home go see the doctor at weird hours or on weekends and don't go to the ER where you will be charged an arm and a leg.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,11/16/2013,56,174,5,9,5>My first review after moving to KMCO...Lets get one thing straight...  This is a NEW establishment with the same name as the previous owners establishment!  I came in today because it was the last day of my Living Social coupon...  I was greeted by every staff member during any first encounter throughout my eating experience...  Not in the forced corporate retail way, but in a genuine kind and glad youre stepping into their establishment kind of way.Lets start with logistics...  The space/venue is HUGE!  They have the crescent counter where you can order and watch the pizza artisans create your specifically designed pizza.  They have tables and seats around the entire venue.  They have pool tables facing broadway next to the windows and in the north section they have a small yet fun arcade room.  While I was sitting a mother and 2 children came in for an art class that was being given in one of the rooms in the back.  Which they also have a conference room...  Private Party?  IDK...  But what I do know is that the venue is artsy and organic without dipping into that hated overly hipster vibe.  Now the food...The Foodie scene in KCMO is quite exceptional...  Which surprises me as to why some other people reviewed this place as it should be compared to Papa Johns or Pizza Hut.  First off this is a place to eat some beautifully crafted ARTISAN style Pizza!  NOT a pizza joint where you want all these toppings sloshed on previously frozen dough and slid through a conveyer.The ingredients are nothing short but amazing.  Most everything is made in house from scratch!  The sauces are made in house.  The Peanut Thai is delish.  As well as the Pesto.  The beef is smoked in house!  The ranch is homemade in house.  The dough is homemade and vegan options are offered.  The ingredients from fresh veggies to smoked meats are carefully procured for freshness.  I had 2 pizzas... $7 for 1 topping pizza 10" (additional topping $1.25)1.  Honey Wheat crust with Peanut Thai sauce topped with minimal cheese (per my request), portabello mushrooms, and fire roasted chicken. The sauce was amazing.  Peanut with some light Thai heat.  Im lactose intolerant which is why I ordered it light cheese, but it tasted too good even without the cheese.  The mushrooms were fresh and chicken stripped by hand and not previously frozen squares.  The crust was soft yet crisp and loved the wheat option!2.  White crust with Pesto sauce topped with regular amount of motz cheese, sun dried tomatoes and fire roasted chicken.The crust was light and cooked to a perfect consistency.  Pesto sauce was fresh and organic not like the store bought kind... You could tell by the freshness of the basil.  The cheese was fresh and not plasticky (although my wife is not gonna like the outcome when were sleeping tonight!).  Sun dried tomatoes and the pulled chicken just topped off an amazing pizza.  Some side notes...  Some reviews complained about it not having a liquor license...  They should be getting it within a month or two... Its a waiting game with the state and we all know how long they take if they arent trying to get their tax money.  Some people describe the venue with billiards and a game room as just a distraction for your pizza taking forever...  False!  They are creating a venue where you are felt like you are welcomed to stay and enjoy not just their pizza, but their art as well as the community which they are derived.  -Friendly Staff who take pride in their product and presentation-Fantastic Fresh Organic Pizza-Vegan Friendly!MUST TRY
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,11/15/2013,94,61,,8,4>I made a recent visit to Skyline Downtown Salon after a quick Google search for the "best salon in Kansas City, MO" pointed me in the right direction. When I called to make the appointment, I was able to get in with one of the stylists, Jordan, on a Saturday, within a reasonable amount of time. I've had a stylist for many years but was about to chop several inches from my long locks and needed someone new to do the job. As soon as I walked into Skyline Salon I felt I made the right choice. The salon is gorgeous, the staff are young and trendy and they make you feel very welcomed from the moment you check in. Jordan allowed me to explain the new cut and my fears/expectations with the style and then she walked me through the process step by step. She is truly amazing at her job. After the cut, the took the time to show me a few different styles for my new do. I've never been anywhere that treated me so well and Jordan is the best of the BEST. This first visit made me a new regular.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2013,11/14/2013,146,555,,3,2>This was my third trip to Bier Station and I am officially in love with this place.I went in for the Julian Hard Cider and Odell Extra Pale Ale tasting tonight. You buy the pint of either one or both like me off the tap and get to keep the glass. I started with the Julian Cider and was sitting at the bar. I struck up a conversation with the lady next to me while she waited for her friends and I waited for mine.The bartenders were extremely friendly and helpful. After my 1st drink that was almost 7% I decided I need a pretzel to soak up some of the booze, I had the Bavarian with spicy mustard,  which was excellent. I then ordered the Odell and it matched perfectly with the pretzel.Some friends showed up and I moved to a table with them and finished my pretzel and Odell, while they started with their drinks.I love the special nights they have and them seem to have them once a week or every other. Sometimes it is a glass with purchase or a class or just great info on the beer you are drinking. It is a fun place to sit and talk and hang out, especially the upstairs when it is nice outside and the have it open with the fresh air coming in. Stop by and have a beer and a pretzel and enjoy the atmosphere.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2013,11/13/2013,33,212,,3,2>We walked to the Brooksider to enjoy happy hour and dinner on the patio. We had our dog with us, who was welcomed with a huge bucket of water served to her under the table! The place was busy with what appeared to be lots of regulars. We enjoyed the happy hour beer specials; a nice selection of draught and bottle beers.I had the veggie pizza, which is actually served on a grilled tortilla. It was an amazing combination - pesto, artichokes, spinach and mushrooms, and it was huge! I had enough to share with my hubby and even more to take home for lunch for the next 2 days! My hubby had the Cuban sandwich, which was fabulous; you must get this if you like a good Cuban sandwich! This place really has great bar food, a fun atmosphere, friendly service and is dog-friendly to boot. Gotta love it!
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,11/12/2013,111,104,,7,1>Oh how I love ABC Cafe. Don't be discouraged by the exterior as 'ABC Café' doesn't necessarily scream Authentic Chinese food...but trust me on this - this place is delicious and very authentic! As you walk in, it's fairly small with 3 large round tables in the center and tables lined up against the perimeters of the restaurant with mini TV's that play foreign Chinese shows. Once you get seated, they welcome you with a complimentary pot of hot Chinese tea - so if you like tea, definitely try it. This place offers a menu of dim sum items all day for $2.88, soups from 4.88-5.88 and dishes range from 8.88-15.88. It's all fairly priced for what you get.Some of my favorites are:Chicken feet with black bean sauceSteamed pig feetBeef short ribs with black pepper sauce Siu MaiFried tofu with black sauceFatty pork with preserved vegetable hot potSalt and pepper shrimpGinger and onion salty chickenSalt and pepper soft shell crabPorridge with salty fritter stickOverall, this place is awesome. I've had great service every time and the food is very tasty. If you want to sample a variety of the dishes, I'd recommend coming with a big group of people - that way you can just split the bill evenly and it doesn't hurt the wallet!Just a note: This place is closed on Tuesdays!
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,11/11/2013,44,213,7,10,5>A recent conversation about BBQ started like this - "if you could only eat BBQ for the rest of your life, which KC BBQ joint would you pick?" An informal qualitative research study followed and the same answer continued to pop up. Gates.Although there are many choices when it comes to sloppy KC BBQ, Gates is the go-to option for anyone who wants a great tasting meal at a reasonable price in a pinch. Beef or turkey on bun w/ fries are the staple here, but don't overlook the short ends, sausage, and burnt ends sandwich (when they haven't run out). I'm holding off on five stars for a couple reasons. # 1 - you can end up with a pretty fatty sandwich here depending on the cook, time of day, and location. # 2 - staff takes your order as soon as you step foot in the door but the lines can be painfully slow while folks wait for food, drinks, and to pay. Gates is also home to my biggest pet food peeve in KC. Gates is to BBQ what the Soup Nazi is to soup and Seinfeld.  Yes, they'll yell at you when you get in the door. Yes, the staff is sometimes rude. Yes, expect to be a little put off by their attitude. This goes with the territory. The worst part of Gates is the uninformed patrons.  FOLLOW THE STAFF'S DIRECTIONS! It's simple. "Hi, may I help you?" If you're next, yell out your order. "Beef on bun, extra sauce." Grab a tray if you are staying. Queue with everyone else. Order your drink by the register. Exit stage left, get your sauces, and sit down. Done.  If you are from KC and you haven't figured out this system, you cannot be helped. If you're from out of town and want some great BBQ with an attitude, welcome to town and pay heed to these directions. Ollie Gates keeps rolling along making some of the best BBQ in town. Get there now and enjoy!
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,11/10/2013,48,264,2,2,2>Buzzard Buzzard Buzzard... Where to begin... I love this trashy little establishment.  I frequent here for the cheap drinks, shuffleboard, pool and people watching.  Mark is a fantastic bartender (downstairs) and the staff in general are nice and quite humorous. I can't tell you how many awkward nights I've had here where someone either ended up either being asked to leave or I've met a new friend.  Watch out for crazies in the bathroom who may try and motorboat your boobies or make out with you, but the lovely tattoo covered folk here are bound to be your buddy for the night. Pour me another Pale Ale! :)
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2013,11/9/2013,45,115,,4,5>I love Thomas.The rooftop patio is perfect for lovely outdoor weather.  Snag a table with an umbrella if it's lunch time - that sun is BRIGHT.  Indoor dining is perfect for lunch meetings or those "not patio" days.  Service is always friendly and courteous, although it can be slow if you are there during a busy time.I have only been to Thomas for lunch, so I can't comment on their dinner menu.  Lunch is your typical line up of salads and sandwiches, but without the boredom typically associated with those food items.  The house salad can be substituted for the usual side of fries (for a slight up charge), but is so worth it.  It's topped with grilled asparagus, and crusty bread slices that serve nicely as croutons.  They also have a delish house made basalmic dressing.  YUM!I love their salmon club.  It's slightly awkward to eat because: a) salmon is not shaped to fit between bread andb) the sourdough bread they serve it on is toasted (i.e., crumbly).Laying aside the aesthetics of eating it, the salmon is always fresh and never over done.  Also, when a sandwich has bacon and avocado on it, how can you go wrong?  It's simply not possible.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2013,11/8/2013,17,59,4,4,4>This place serves birria, and it's really good.   It's better this way than carneceria take out,  because it comes with a lovely chile/meaty broth in a bowl.  Served with tortillas, onion, cilantro, salsas.  So you can make tacos from the tender birria and dip them in the flowery-chile-herb-y broth,  or drink it :). I've considered bathing in it, but don't want to get thrown out/arrested, so restrained myself.  Really delicious stuff, i kind of think of it as a mexican version of barbeque, just braised instead of smoked.  Last time I was there they had cabrito, lamb, beef and pork available.  I had the lamb and it was yummy.Kansas City is getting to be a great place to have really fabulous Mexican food.  Oh, also the owner/front end manager of this place is really good looking.  Even better!
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,11/7/2013,54,211,3,7,6>Today I joyfully found a little piece of Louisiana hidden behind an auto salvage yard on the outskirts of Liberty. Inside this little roadside joint you'll find the closest thing Kansas City offers to the magical creation known as the fried shrimp po'boy. With the exception of the mystical only-in-NOLA french bread, it's all there. First of all, there are so many damn shrimp piled on that you have to eat a few before you can even pick up the sandwich!  They're cornmeal breaded, hot and crunchy; a sign says they're made up when you order, so please be patient, and it's well worth the wait. "Fully dressed" includes mayo, pickles, lettuce, ketchup (I passed) and just enough Crystal hot sauce.We naively ordered some hush puppies and a small order (6) of conch fritters, expecting something maybe the size of a ping pong ball. They were easily twice that size, the conch fritters being essentially hush puppies spiked with green chilies and conch. Once again hot out of the fryer accompanied by their remoulade sauce and tartar sauce. We ate nearly all of it, thinking none of it would reheat very well. Then sat around with our eyes bulging, trying to gather the strength to haul ourselves out of the place. Our beloved Zapp's Voodoo chips went home unopened, a treat for another day.Don't go in expecting a full cajun/creole menu, but what they do, they do very well. Po'boys are limited to shrimp and catfish, and there are a couple of barbecue sandwiches on buns. They also do shrimp and catfish baskets, fish tacos, wings and ribs, with a good assortment of sides. They have a pretty good beer selection, including some Abita and Dixie (sadly, no Blackened Voodoo), and a few wines.The atmosphere is pure diner, laid back and friendly; there are two seating areas and a patio outside. I commented to our waitress that the only thing they're missing is a place for live music. She said they have a jazz pianist this Sunday, and "we're working on it."Po'Boy perfection? Damn near. Parasol's in New Orleans is 816.67 miles, 14 hours and 47 minutes from my house. The Fish Market is 11.6 miles, 19 minutes. Will it keep me happy til next March? True dat.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,11/6/2013,462,196,2,3,4>the menu is quite overwhelming. It's one of those places that you want to look around to see what everone else is having since ton of words  aren't going to cut it. Well, you're in luck because my suggestion to you is to put the menu down and order what I got, Pirates Gold. It was tasty (not very sweet) and from what I was told by the waitress, "it's the strongest drink". It's amazing how refreshing it was especially because we were sitting near the garage door where the sun was feeling a little too warm for my preference. Another tip, just get the larger double size since the small one will be demolished once you're done breathing.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,11/5/2013,55,64,,4,4>I LOVE this place. This is the ONLY place I have found in KC that knows how to pour a proper Guinness (YES, there is an art to it...one of which sadly evades all other bars in the  metro area..shame shame). They have live music every night of the week (except Sundays, when they are closed), and I have yet to hear someone I don't like (and I hear a lot, as I live right above this bar). The servers and bartenders are crazy friendly. The one time we had to wait like five minutes for someone to greet our table, we got a free beer as an apology, even though we didn't even complain. THAT, ladies and gents, is good customer service. The only reason I'm not giving them five stars is because I'm not crazy about their food menu. I feel like it's overpriced for what it is. Don't get me wrong...it's good food. But I don't think they need to be charging 18 dollars for salmon. That being said, they have an awesome happy hour, which has come to be one of my faves in KC. I'd say def give this place a chance. And be sure to check in on Yelp so you can get a free order of sweet potato fries (nom nom).
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,11/4/2013,58,50,4,5,8>Growing up in South America and having not only a Grandma but a Mom that are exceptional cooks I am always very careful of what I call good food.  Having had food from Venezuela and Peru before I am also kind of spoiled on good dishes cooked at home when it comes to the true south of the border food.It has been years since I had such a wonderful soup.  Slow cooked soup takes real love to really make taste like you remembered growing up.  Empanada Madness did it and hit it out of the ballpark.Their Arepas are Venezuelan themed stuffed of delicious goodness and y only regret is that I did not have time to taste even more of them.  A Chicharron (pork belly) filled one is next on my list.They have fried plantain both green and ripe and wonderful sauces, my favorite being the garlic one.It has been a long time since Kansas City has a place where you could get some great Colombian food and now you can not only get Empanadas, but you can also enjoy an excellent Bandeja Paisa here in town.If you have not visited this place yet, you are missing out.  There is plenty of variety for you to just taste a bit or have a big group of friends and just do a tour that will leave your palate craving more.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,11/3/2013,184,189,3,8,5>I have been going to the Broadway Butcher for more than 6 months now and all I can say is that they have me as a customer as long as they want. The beef is about as high a quality as you can expect to get without throwing money at Kobe or Wagyu, although they are offering American Kobe in strip and ribeye steaks. The 80/20 ground beef is the best I have ever used, turns out they use prime chuck in the grind and throw steak fat in there as well, super rich and cooks well. The pork is of the highest quality as well, I recently purchased a dry aged pork chop and it was among the best I have ever had. The seafood selection is top notch and always fresh. They have new stuff coming in all the time so I suggest people sign up for their mailing list so they don't miss it. Beyond all this they guys are just good people, always ready to answer questions or just talk in general. This is my $50 a week addiction and I am fine with that.Keep up the great work Broadway Butcher!
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2013,11/2/2013,176,193,3,7,5>First and foremost, this is a much better utilization of the space than Fran's, the diner that was there before. Granted, Fran's served a niche (drunken after hours bar food), but never really impressed and certainly didn't fit in with the rest of the district. The new location is classy, with leather booths, dim lighting, and lots of wood accents. Put another way: Blanc is where you take friends for a stylish burger. Flea Market is where you take them for a dive burger. BRGR in the P&L is where you take a date.  That's how it's marketed, and that's how it should be. It's also pretty sweet to see a local face in the P&L, especially since one of the major complaints from day one has been that there isn't enough local business there. The name recognition from the other location helps as well - it's a known commodity that folks will visit. Friend and I visited on a Tuesday night; it was dead, but that was to be expected on a weeknight, really. Service was fast and friendly, food was tasty and reasonably priced. I went for the Mac and Cheese, he had a burger, and we left pleased. My only concern is that it's now competing with a lot of similar places within Kansas City. The original BRGR in Prairie Village has the benefit of having nothing quite-so-similar surrounding it. But here, there are several other fast casual dining options (heck, even an upscale burger joint concept by Burger King) in not just the P&L, but in Wport and the Plaza too.Do I recommend it? Absolutely. Would I return? Absolutely. Will it still be there in 2-3 years or simply fade into the background of the P&L? That's what worries me.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2013,11/1/2013,141,38,2,4,4>Kiya went through a few rounds of obedience school when we first brought her home. She's still a little spastic at times, but vastly improved and to recognize and celebrate her last day of training with the class, I decided to bring some cute doggie baked goods for her fellow students.No one wants to eat my baking, not even a pack of dogs, so I began calling around. After gathering recommendations from friends I settled on Brookside Barkery & Bath. It was close by and I kept hearing about how fabulous it was.The store is clean and well-organized. You can tell that whomever makes the buying decisions is really excited about finding unique, healthy and artisanal pet products to put on the shelves. The entire store is a wonderland of variety - I ended up purchasing far more than I originally intended. The gentleman behind the counter was happy to answer my questions and helped me choose a great brush specifically for Kiya's coat. They were swamped, so his outward patience was even more appreciated.The cookies I bought were absolutely adorable. Turtles, dolphins, fire hydrants, all manner of shapes and way too cute for puppies who didn't appreciate their artistry. The pet parents definitely did and the pups seemed to enjoy the taste, which is probably the most important part.I highly recommend Brookside Barkery and Bath, and I know it has Kiya's stamp of approval!
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,10/31/2013,284,96,,6,6>Knucklehead's is as perfect a venue for good, old country music as you're going to find. I love the music scene in Nashville and Austin, but when exploring those cities I never did find a venue that is as raw and real as Knucklehead's. The last show that I saw here was Billy Joe Shaver, a legendary older country musician who owns the stage when he's on it. Maybe it's all the pictures on the wall of him around the joint, but I get the feeling he's at home here every time he plays. What's even better is after the show the musicians can mingle with the crowd and you can have a few drinks with them more often than not. Whether the back patio is open or not, you're bound to have a good time here with some great music and colorful characters. *Last note: I saw the Black Keys at Sprint Center back in April and could not help but think how much better the show would be in a setting like Knucklehead's. If you've ever been somewhat bored at a large venue event like I was there, then check Knucklehead's weird website calendar and get some friends together for it.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,10/30/2013,52,66,2,3,4>I finally went here for brunch - daaaaaannnnnnnggggg 'twas good. I got the Eggs Benedict, I could not resist, but I had a couple of bites of my friends Biscuits and Gravy, and wow, they were both delish. I also saw the french toast on someone else's plate, and I might try that next time. Honestly everything looked pretty amazing. The menu has all the usual brunch suspects with Bluestem's culinary finesse and high quality ingredients.The prices are comparable to other places around KC - ranging from about 8$ - 15$.If you want to sit in the dinning room call and make a reservation, but if the lounge is ok with you - walking in will work normally ok too.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,10/29/2013,80,254,3,8,6>I was absolutely delighted when I found out Marco and Cristian, natives of Brasil, were setting up shop in City Market. First of all, you couldn't find a better set of gentlemen to run this place. They are both friendly, informative and helpful. Their passion for Brasilian culture really shows, as Taste of Brazil is full of good energy. The menu is fresh, simple, and delicious. The acai bowl will make you wish you were having breakfast on the beach of Copacabana, the Guarana and coxinha will transport you to a neighborhood bakery in Sao Paulo. For those less familiar with Brasilian cuisine, coxinha is like croquette, my favorite is filled with cream cheese and shredded chicken. So yummy! Don't forget to grab a truffle for dessert. You can also find mixes (to make your own pao de queijo) chocolate, and other common pantry items.  I also noticed that they carry the very popular Havaianas sandals.I love this place and am so excited to get my Brasilian food and goods fix here. Last time I was there I discovered that Taste of Brazil Market will soon be offering catering and delivery. Now if I just lived in their delivery area...
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,10/28/2013,74,1211,1,8,4>Pretty much a 5 star experience for me from beginning to end. Let's go through it...Friday night. Service will suck, right? Uh... it was awesome.Greeting/Reservations... a manager was on the spot as host. Had the table ready to go.Waitress... Super Enthusiastic. Knew the menu upside down and backwards. Not afraid to make recommendations if you are indecisive.Service staff... plates gone when proper, water refilled like magic.Wine list... something for everyone, from a $7 glass of Chianti to a $16,000 Jeroboam of Chateau Latour.Pasta... perfect. My capelli d'angelo alla nanni had the perfect pink sauce. Rich but not too heavy. A touch of spice, acidity and sweetness... none overbearing. The right amount of peas, mushrooms and ham.Dessert... some kind of peach Napoleon. Peaches had been sliced, sweetened, and placed between pastry layers with vanilla custard and caramel. Jasper Junior came by to ask if the dinner was going well.Jasper Sr came by to say hello as well.This place had the moves down and does it low-key... without too much pomp and pretense. The food lives up to the great service. You can't ask for much more than that.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,10/27/2013,55,63,7,3,2>Let me let my new habit describe to you how much I love this place:I eat a huge bowl of oatmeal at home in Lawrence and then get in my car to drive to my downtown KC job. On the way, though, I start dreaming of Soho bakery's Aztec scones and biscuits and cinnamon rolls and shoot... How did I end up at this wooden counter with a coffee and half eaten turnover?I've come to Soho no less than SIX TIMES for second breakfast in the last 2 weeks. In fact, I'm writing this review right now from the aforementioned wooden counter. So yeah, I kind of love it. Oh, and this place smells like cinnamon rolls. All. The. Time.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,10/26/2013,146,179,7,9,6>Let me tell you about a little squirrel I just now named Bobby.  During a nice wet and slightly cool spring day, I went to visit my parents.  Upon arrival I discovered a wee baby squirrel, wet and very unhappy in their front lawn.  "Oh no!" I exclaimed, for I knew that this particular neighborhood was thick with stalking kitties.  I decided to leave him be because surely his parents were now as close as mine.  I must have been wrong because the small critter was still unhappy in the damp grass upon my departure.  I could not just leave him there!  So sweat pants were wrapped around him and off to Lakeside we went!  Now for a moment of digression: While driving the thirty minutes to Lakeside from the parents abode, I realized that what was once a tired and cold little squirrel was quickly becoming a warm and rested one.  I was immediately consumed with the thoughts of that scene from Christmas Vacation, ya know the one with the crazy squirrel in the Christmas tree, yea picture that in a car at 70mph...Thankfully we made it safely and Bobby was still sound asleep when we arrived.  As soon as I walked in the staff greeted me and quickly took charge of the cuddly cute but still very wild animal.  The space was clean and the staff professional; I really felt good about leaving Bobby with them knowing that when he was ready, back to the woods he would go...no cages for him!Now that was first time I had dropped by Lakeside.  "This place is fantastic!"  First off, it's free!  They have lots of displays with live animals that can't be released back into their natural habitats.  My personal favorite were the Owls!  How often do you get to see owls?  Plus they had an Eagle and a flying squirrel.  Everyone is welcome to stop by and wonder around learning about Kansas City wild life, there is even a snake/insect room...I avoided this area though because it was sure to have contained man eating spiders (which is all of them) and I didn't care to hyperventilate during such a great day.So in short, Lakeside is tops!  And if you ever need to rescue an adorable baby animal, that truly needs rescuing, this is the place to take them!  Clean facility, professional staff and adorable animals!!!!!
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,10/25/2013,57,252,,4,4>My Hubby and I celebrated 17 years at Bristol. When he made the reservation they asked if we were celebrating anything and when he told them they just said congrats and nothing else. We weren't expecting anything really BUT we got our choice of a champagne toast or dessert, a handwritten (YES, I said HANDWRITTEN) note congratulating us, and a verbal congrats from our waiter. THAT, my friends is customer service! Who exceeds expectations in the day and age? Not many...not enough, but Bristol did.Our waiter (wish I caught his name) was great. He was friendly and helpful without hovering or interrupting our conversation. He's tall, thin, with medium length blond hair. Great guy.The food was out of this world! We got the free calamari appetizer via our Yelp app. Thanks Yelp! They were fried perfectly and were accompanied by little strips of fried carrot and jalapeno. The dipping sauces were yummy. Next, we split the lobster bisque. They had absolutely no problem splitting it for us and it was the perfect amount. It was also the yummiest bisque next to Peirpont's at Union Station. Creamy seafood-y perfection.Like probably any long married couple we ordered the same entree, but decided on different sides that we could share. We ordered the Surf & Turf with beef filet and seared scallops. The filet was perfectly medium rare and the scallops would please Gordon Ramsey. Hubby said, "I'm holding two back for a dessert." They were that good.The sides got our only mixed review of the night. The lobster mac n cheese was buttery and deliciously flavored, but a bit dry. It didn't have the creamy texture you'd expect from mac n cheese. The heirloom tomatoes were so fantastic it made me rethink how I make caprese salad at home! Our waiter informed us that they only had about a week to go on the menu before the summertime gems left for the winter. I totally lucked out on that one! Wonderful chunks of heirloom (yellow/red/green) tomato lightly dressed with feta, calamata olives, & basil. Di-vineThe lemon asparagus risotto was unfortunately bland. I didn't catch any lemon...or salt. It didn't get eaten. The zucchini ragout was the only thing we disagreed on. I did not like the herbs used to season it and thought it was very heavy on the herbs, while Hubby thought it was yummy. Dessert was a tough decision, but since we were sharing we compromised on creme brulee. If I had it all to myself, the apple crostada would have been my choice (cinnamon ice cream!) with lava cake for Hubby) but the toasted marshmallow flavor of the crunchy burnt sugar top mixed with the super rich cream and perfectly ripe raspberry ended the night on the highest of notes. Even their coffee was perfect. The house Reisling was perfect in every way and we could have easily taken care of a bottle. I, however, ordered the Carribbean Hard Lemonade and it might be my new favorite drink ever. We decided that Bristol may become our new anniversary spot edging out our former faves over the years (Peirpont's and Lidia's). We can't wait to come back with a few friends and linger over another great dinner.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,10/24/2013,49,99,3,4,4>One of the saddest days for me last year was the day Tropical Sno closed for the winter. I had gone at minimum once a week since I had moved to KC, and was unsure how I planned to treat myself after a day full of cleaning or tackling some task that no one wants to do. How was I going to get through the winter?? I almost cried into my final (and free cone) on the closing day last year. There isn't much to say about Tropical Sno that the other reviewers have not already said, but really you should try this place out. The shaved ice is sooo fluffy and perfect. The syrup goodness isn't all clumped at the bottom in a mess of slushy sugar. Every bite has a flavor instead of feeling like you are biting on unflavored ice, like a lot of sno cones tend to do. I couldn't say what my favorite creation is, but I will say I rarely get a cone without Pink Grapefruit. Hands down my favorite flavor. The lime is good too! I've had other hawaiian shaved ice before, but there really is no competing with Tropical Sno. This place is hands down the coolest. The staff are always friendly, and even though they are typically running on 1-2 people they manage to get the lines in and out of there pretty quickly. While being friendly on top of that! If you head over to South KC try this place out. Worth the trip!
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2013,10/23/2013,13,417,4,1,2>A quirky little place. The guys behind the counter look like they may have been experimenting with mind-altering drugs and philosophy and coffee in a hidden lab for several years before opening their shop. The place itself is small and has a pleasant, amateurish air. Sugar? Oooh. We may have run out. Espresso drinks? Well, we are working on that. The menu is small. The trick is this: what they do do, they seem to do well. And they take it seriously. My advice: listen to them and let them make you a hot beverage. And enjoy. With a granola bar. They may be out of oatmeal.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,10/22/2013,35,66,,2,4>I was subtly surprised by this place on the Blvd and quite happy with it!  We ate outside on the patio which was great and perfectly comfortable.  I absolutley judge Mexican places based on certain aspects, but definitely by the quac and the tacos... I feel like that's adequate judgement... anyway, they had THE BEST STREET TACOS EVER! Sorry, Cancun Fiesta Fresh, they beat you fair and square!   They are not on the menu so you have to ask for them.  They are fried corn tortillas (fried just enough, not crispy), fresh onion, cilantro, and you have your choice of meat or veggie.  SO good! I will be going back again and again just for those.  The margaritas were great also and you get a huge pitcher!  Our waitress was very attentive and friendly she was also quick to point out how awesome the happy hour is during the week and on Saturdays! GO get relish in the taco goodness!  Cheers friends!
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2013,10/21/2013,117,117,2,7,6>So as many of you who follow me know, I am a died in the wool KC barbecue kid, born and raised.  As many of you know, I am a true fan of (will not say in this review) BBQ.  So when I heard everyone raving about Oklahoma Joe's, I vowed this was a travesty.  First off, the name is OKLAHOMA JOE'S!  A KC BBQ place named for another state?  OUTRAGEOUS!  Second, they reheat most of what they are serving.  I had a huge problem with this.  I vowed not to like this place for a few reasons beyond the aforementioned.When I moved into my new place, I was craving BBQ, guess what the nearest place was?  Yep.  So I said, "OK, they can't be that good.  No one can."Ladies and gentlemen, I stand corrected, they are that good.  They truly earned their "Best Ribs in the US" title.If they really are reheating the food (and I have this on very reliable authority), thay are truly magicians.  The ribs are moist and full of flavor, same with all the meats (I've been back a few times and had everything now).  The slaws are great and not too sweet like most places tend to make it.  I have to say I am duly impressed.If you are a sandwich person, The Z Man is a must.  It all really works and is oh so good.Now if you have driven by, looked at the line and said "No way!"  You should rethink it.  The line moves really fast and it's kind of nice to chat with while waiting.  You never know who you might meet in the line.For a joint named for another state, it truly does put KC BBQ on the map.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,10/20/2013,184,236,6,18,8>Thank goodness this place exists in the midwest! I'm used to being in Cali with these foot massage places left and right, but I gotta say that this place is as good as, if not better than most places I've been in the SoCal. So why is Imperial Foot Care better?1) They speak English. This is obviously key for the midwest, since people frequenting this place will likely not all be Chinese. Great to know for when I bring others with me. I do personally find it easier to communicate with them in Chinese though.2) Their chairs are awesome! These look like regular lounges, but man, they flip down and are just as comfy when you're laying face down as you're face up.3) They work you like crazy here, but I don't get bruises. Heads up to people who haven't had an Asian foot massage before: you WILL be sore. Unlike several places I've been to in Cali though, this place puts the pressure in the right spots.The only downside is that while this place is crazy cheap, its $5 more expensive then places on the west coast. Not a surprise since they're one of the only places out here. I'll be back again and again. Helps to have a place like this when you're a poor grad student who is tense from stress!Note: Pay in cash to save a few bucks!
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2013,10/19/2013,89,62,3,5,3>This place is tiny, but they make some of the best bread I've had anywhere - and that includes Zingerman's, which if you're familiar, they put out a pretty darn good product.Only open Thursday-Saturday from 11am until sellout, it's not exactly the most convenient place to get to, but I would marry a cheese slipper if I could. I've taken bread from here as gifts to party hosts, to my family out of state and just when I need a good potluck item. Fruit breads, cheese breads, polenta bread - you'll find something you like.You can call in a reserve a loaf ahead of time, and if there's something you're looking for in particular, I'd recommend it. It guarantees that loaf will be there when you arrive, but make sure to actually pick it up - there's likely 5 other people that would have bought it.Cheese Slipper Nights on Saturday evenings are a great collaboration with Little Freshie around the corner - definitely worth checking out!
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,10/18/2013,95,53,,5,4>I love the Brick. It's on the short list of my favorite places in KC. Good music - yes. They have great bands here on a regular basis, and it's an intimate spot to hear a local group play. They have karaoke (I only did it once, and I apologize to those who had to hear me). And they just have a really awesome playlist on your average weeknight or Saturday brunch.Good food - yes. You'll be surprised, after your first impression of this as a divey little spot, to discover that the menu is really interesting and the food is consistently delicious. Not only is the food creative and good, they have ton of great options for vegetarians. I love the italian grilled cheese, with goat cheese and tomatoes on a really nice, dense wheat bread. According to my BF, the veggie tacos on taco Tuesday are even better than the meat ones (and only 75 cents!), they have great veggies specials on Thursdays, and the B&G bar during brunch even has a veggie option! Also, the tots rock.Good people - yes. The relaxed, comfortable atmosphere comes from the genuinely nice people who work here.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,10/17/2013,57,364,4,4,4>Oh my... Yep, I'm indeed a fan.I just picked up lunch for the office. I called in an order for 4 people. The woman who took my order (didn't catch her name) was polite and took the order accurately, she read it back to me without missing a beat and had a total ready before I could even begin to ask. Everything was packed and ready to go when I picked it up even though we were looking at straight up noon by the time I got there. And the order was accurate. That's pretty important when a) I'm picking up for a bunch of office peeps, and b) I suggested the place. Bonus points awarded for including plenty of napkins and plastic-ware.My meatball sub was a great sandwich. It's a really good size. The meatballs have good texture and seasoning. Lots of cheese on top. Next time I might ask for a little more sauce. This grinder was easy to pick up and eat without a drip of marinara, I prefer mine slightly messier. I had every intention of eating half and taking the rest home for dinner tonight. Turns out I'm short of self control.The other orders I picked up were devoured quickly, including a Giant Tenderloin sandwich (let me assure you, that one's appropriately named) and a side of fries. Speaking of fries... for one American dollar you get a PILE of crispy, well-seasoned waffle fries. That's right, I said one dollar my friends. The office peeps were pleased, as am I. Consider Lasala's officially part of the lunch rotation.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,10/16/2013,101,236,,11,5>I love a good breakfast and The Roost delivers.  I had been eagerly anticipating the opening of the Roost (ever since Miltons moved out of the space), as Lawrence can always use a breakfast-go-to place.The updated interior is very interesting, like the inside of a barn meets an early 1960s classroom--in a good way. The space is clean and sleek, with interesting accents of wood and vintage industrial furniture. My one complaint is that the acoustics are a little off, due to the choice of interior. IT is pretty loud in the restaurant, but the tables are far enough apart that I did not feel at all crowded by the conversation at tables around us.We waited around 30 minutes on a Saturday morning, but it was ok, since there is serve-yourself coffee while you wait.  This is a good time to spend gazing in to the case of delicious baked goods--I highly recommend the maple bacon biscuit (almost scone-like in consistency, it had at least 1, if not 2, full slices of bacon crumbled in to it).Once we were seated, our service was very fast, if a little harried, and we were able to peruse the menu.  Lunch is not served until 11am, so we stuck with breakfast, but it was a difficult decision, since so many items sounded delicious.  They have french toast and pancakes, biscuits and gravy, omelets and benedicts, but also some less standard fare, like amazing potato pancakes (more on this later), chorizo scramble with avocado, and an amazing sounding hash.I got the potato pancakes---so creamy and smooth on the inside, while crispy and caramelized on the outside, served with eggs and toast, this is an amazing way to start the day. My dining companion got traditional benedict, and pancakes, both of which were also good (but by then I was in potato pancake heaven and could only stop shoveling in the food to briefly consider his dishes).We were unable to sample all the tempting cocktails that are available for breakfast and brunch consumption, but I have made a promise to myself to get back there shortly. Vodka and tomato water? A variety of blood marys? Sage and tequila? Prosecco and Pomegranite juice...the list goes on and on.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2013,10/15/2013,52,49,5,3,3>NOTHING WRONG WITH DAY DRINKING!!My friend Emma and I went one lovely Monday, just for ... well no reason, but just to day drink =DI got the lynchburg lemonade, dangerously good! and by "got" I mean had 2 one after each other. Oh boy, I was happy! Our server was sweet, she was like "dang girl! okay!" We also ate too... No worries ya'll I'm not an alcoholic. I got a veggie dish,  the skillet enchiladas. And Emma got the chicken tenders. Both well worth their price. Got a lot for only $12 (each).
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,10/14/2013,47,54,3,4,3>I have visited 5 or 6 nail salons in the Overland Park area and this one BY VERY FAR was the very best! On their website it says that appointments are preferred, so I called, worried I would have to wait forever, but they were able to squeeze me in for a Pink&White set about an hour after.I arrived, and Kevin (whom I HIGHLY reccomend!) actually looked at my nails and consulted with me before starting. Normally they just pull you over and start without any prior thought or assessment.Also, I bite my nails, and every other salon has made me feel like some nasty, terrible person for it. Kevin however just looked, and without sounding criticising, asked me if we could do my tips a bit shorter so that they look more natural. Also, Kevin consulted with me on every decision throughout the service, from length to shape and all those other details I'd never even been asked about before! Also, he saw me glancing at the clock frequently, and I stupidly made my appointment very close to my hair appointment, so he asked if I was in a hurry. After I told him, he hurried a bit but still did the best job I've ever had. He even whipped out these fancy speed dryers for me!FINALLY, to top it all off, I got a new client discount! Now I can strutt arond town, flauntin' my pretty little fingers. I wish I had taken a before photo so I could show you just how night and day these new nails make my hands look! Maybe next time, friends, maybe next time...
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,10/13/2013,160,211,9,5,4>This place is great. I can't believe I'm not writing about it until now.  If you want bread, come here.  If you want pastries, come here.  Croissants?  Here.  Macaroons?  Here, idiot.  Bread pudding?  Don't make me tell you where to go again.  AIN'T NOBODY GOT TIME FOR DAT.  You come HERE!Bloom is a great place.  The owner is a phenomenal baker, has Parisian training (Read: amazing macaroons and croissants), and is the consummate salesman.  He will sit in front of his shop on weekends and dare people to try his products without wanting to buy them.  And it works.  My God does it ever work.I've bought croissants, bread loafs/pudding, pastries, muffins, buns, etc., from this place and everything has been above average.  For that, you pay a premium - this isn't PriceChopper bread.  But, I'll gladly pony up for something so unique, and to support a local business.  Keep it up, Bloom!
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,10/12/2013,155,128,5,9,3>Holy Crap!!  You know a place is great when you go  back 2 days in a row.  Geez...I'm lagging in my reviews again!Anyway, my friends and I first went to Red Door Grill about a month or so ago.  We wanted to try something new...and the smells coming from here just made us drool.  Anyway, we walked in on a Friday evening - every enough to miss the dinner rush chaos.  We were seated in Chris's section (if you can, try to request him as your server!).  Since it was our first time there, we were obviously new to the menu and the food.  Chris was soo helpful and friendly.  He answered all our questions - weird and normal.  And was so understanding when we had order changes, complicated orders, etc.  It was a great meal that was made better by his wonderful service.So I've been gushing about the service..what about the food...well, to say it simply - it was exceptional!  More so, when I say that about burgers...really really amazing burgers.  So much so that I ordered 2 and had them cut each in half - half of each to take home and half of each to eat at the restaurant.   I ordered the Porky's Revenge - it has bacon jam! and Brie, and the Spicy Bleu - bleu cheese and Serrano mayo! Yes, I essentially ordered 2 burgers.  And an appetizer (grilled artichokes...OMG).  And dessert - if you ever are here and want an amazing dessert - SARSAPARILLA DOUGHNUT HOLES. They are amazing!!!!  And 2 cocktails - Procesco with dinner and a Tiramisu Martini.  Wow, I can't even remember what my friends ordered...but it was simply divine as well!We had such a great time, with an amazing meal, wonderful cocktails, and spectacular service.  So much so that we went back the next day! This time with my boyfriend in tow!   And the went back 2 weeks later.  And then I went back with my family who were in town visiting...about a week after that.So what am I saying with this long @$$ review?? GO!  Because I'll definitely be back again soon!
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,10/11/2013,58,256,,3,5>I love Port Fonda.  The food doesn't quite fit into a category, which gives it a little mystery and magic.  It definitely hints at Mexican, but it's not authentic, it's not Tex-Mex... Mexican fusion? Is that a thing?Yeah, I'm thinking too hard.  So, first, the food.  Salsas are good.  One of them doesn't really taste like salsa, and it's my favorite, probably because I eat the whole dish trying to analyze the taste and crack the secret recipe.  The tacos are delicious and straightforward.  Don't be afraid to try the "strange" meats like beef tongue.  You will miss out.Teeeeeequila.  If you want to drink tequila, my friend, this is the place.  I skip the fantastic tequila array and go straight to the mezcal.  It's like a sweeter tequila -- not every place has it, so give it a try when you have the chance.On Saturdays and Sundays, they have brunch and the "Bloody Maria" bar.  Brunch is a limited menu, but with a couple breakfast-y options.  I tried the chilaquile, my hubs had the Mexican biscuits and gravy.  Delicious.The Bloody Maria bar.... man, that's intimidating.  They give you the tequila or mezcal and a glass of ice and set you loose.  There is every kind of hot sauce, house salsas and sauces, spices, vegetables... bacon?  Have one or two of these, and you'll end up at home for an afternoon nap.I love the atmosphere and decor.  Colorful, easy lighting -- cool art illuminated on the windows.  It's a fairly small place and gets crowded fast at dinnertime on the weekend.  It's a good place to meet up later in the evening when you want a drink and something to snack on, though you have to take your chances with Westport parking.  However, weekend brunch is eerily desolate with the hungover masses still asleep in their beds.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,10/10/2013,98,58,,12,4>So, it was anniversary #5 recently, so we decided to check this new restaurant out over in the Westside area of town. It's only been open a month, and I heard that the food was pretty good but that the service needed some work. The menu looked awesome, and this seemed like the perfect place to celebrate our year 5.The restaurant is an unassuming house around the corner from the Westside Local and Chez Elle, next door to Fud. It has a charming landing with outdoor seating, and a back porch with outdoor seating as well, perfect for those Fall/Spring cool days, or the rare temperate summer day here in KC.  We were cheerfully greeted by a hostess, and seated in front of a huge picture window - a perfect place for people watching and observing the goings on in the restaurant.The decor is nice - dark wood everywhere with modern paintings and nice lighting. Seemed intimate and homey.  The waitstaff were all very much hipster, keeping in character with the Westside and Westport-y areas of town.  Our waitress was incredibly friendly and knowledgeable about the food and drinks.  The way she spoke about the food, you could tell she really believed in the chef's creations and loved to eat here.  We were sold immediately.The waitress started us with some bread offerings from a local bakery around the corner, Fevere. The bread slices were fresh and delicious, as was the fresh butter. Loved it!The menu was unique - just a few appetizer and entree offerings, but they were pretty diverse.  This is a total foodie restaurant: lots of complex ingredients were featured that might scare off the "meat and potatoes-only" eater (ie. pig ear, tripe, black kale, etc), but for those who love to eat good food, just go try it regardless of the ingredients and prepare to be amazed.We tried the recommended melon salad to start, which was epic.  Cold, fresh melons with some lamb bacon, radicchio, and a curry yogurt sauce.  Perfect combo of sweet,salty, and creamy.  For dinner, we had the sea scallops and duroc pork chop. Each were huge meals, and we could have just eaten them alone without an appetizer, but they were prepared perfectly. The pork chop was so tender, and covered with pork belly (as an Asian food affectionado, good pork belly is hard to find here in KC!). The scallops were gigantic and fresh, with no fishy taste.  The waitstaff learned that it was our anniversary, and the manager was so very kind to comp us a few desserts. We had the flourless chocolate cake, which was dense and awesome, and the blackberry meringue, which was light and airy...it was like a Pavlova - so good!The drinks here are all handcrafted, as is becoming more typical here in KC.  Their take on the pisco sour and caipirinha were awesome, and I highly recommend them.  I was happy to see they also sold our local Boulevard beers and grapefruit Radler (an Austrian malt beverage with grapefruit soda - perfect for summer).  Their bourbon drinks were good, too, but the Old Fashioned at Bluestem still is #1 for me.So, here's the summary:1. inviting decor and knowledgeable/personable waitstaff2. unique menu - a few offerings but these are done really well; delicious food3. service - some friends had warned us that there was much delay in service, but we did not experience that. In under a month I think they have gotten their service down! great job!5/5 stars! What a novel restaurant, Novel is - I hope they do well here in KC!
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,10/9/2013,8,47,4,10,5>OhHe||Yes.Period.Stick a fork in me, I'm done.I've had a couple of dozen massages, in multiple cities...and with ZERO doubt, Matthew blows the curve. If you like intense, he is your guy. If you don't like intense, he is your guy. I was so jazzed, I've not only told people in KC, I've told friends in other cities. As if that does anyone any good. I love massage....and this is the best there is. Tops!As others have said, very thorough. He knows the body. The vibe in the space is really great. Really great. It is a trick to find, but he does send you an email ahead of your visit that is quite clear. This sounds extra kookoo, but I swear that since leaving there, my walking stride is longer. I know. Sounds stupid, right? But I feel like my legs are just moving more freely from the hip work. When I step forward, it feels like my legs are reaching further. Or maybe I'm just nuts.Sidebar....he also takes a lot of notes before AND after the massage. What you liked, didn't, etc. So he's both paying attention, and banking on you being satisfied enough that that info will come in handy next time. AND IT WILL. My broken self will be returning for another dose of goodness. Can I get an amen?!
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,10/8/2013,8,67,,6,2>Great place for breakfast or lunch- OMG Bacon is incredible.  These are so good it should be illegal.  - OMG Potatoes are incredible.  Ditto on illegal.- Tables are large enough for everyone to spread out the Sunday paper- The food is served quick, hot and to order on weekdays, but it takes longer on the weekends.- Weekend and nice weather makes this a popular place and the wait can be long. - Prices are decent, but some dishes kick it into Yelps 2 $$ level.  Most dishes are under $10- I knocked 1 star off because service is not consistent. Some day we get great service but other days it is horrible.  YMMV.- Parking is along the street or in one of the nearby parking lots.  The place is just off the town square so you can also park there.  Note that street & square parking has a 2 hours limit.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,10/7/2013,144,123,,7,4>I finally made it here. It was a treat. The neighbor hood is in KCK and isn't the tidiest of places to travel and eat but Bonito Michoacan has really done a good job at making their street corner inviting and revitalized.The first thing I noticed on the outside is bars all over the windows and they had some sort of nacho/drink stand outside on the corner. In a mostly spanish neighborhood I felt a little out of place but decided to dive in anyways.I got a plethora of tacos, they had many other authentic dishes to choose from and the store itself was pretty reasonably priced as well. For less than 5 bucks I got 3 onions a candle, and three drinks. Tacos are about 1.50 - 1.99 so they are on par with other tacos around the city too.Most of the staff can speak English but we did have a little difficulty ordering. I will probably return soon!They also sell an assortment of meat in the back and make chorizo.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,10/6/2013,24,180,2,11,5>I tend to want to feed my falafel addiction rather than break it, so when I read a review of The Basha, I knew I had to give it a try. The restaurant itself is very nice - it's decorated well and has a very warm, comfortable feel. (I'm usually eating falafel in a grocery store or a gas station, so you can see why I was impressed.) You could definitely go here for a 'nicer' meal and not feel like it was too casual.The menu was expansive. I got the lunch veggie plate, which included a salad, pita and hummus to start, and then falafel with tahini sauce, baba ganoush, rice and stuffed grape leaves. I see negative comments about the salad in the comments below, and I'm not sure if they've improved it or just have better veggies in the summer, but I thought it was good.I was glad to see the video below that showed the owners making falafel with the mold; it is so perfectly formed that it might have been packaged. It was a little dry, but flavored well. The rice was really good and the baba ganoush was wonderful. (Not a fan of stuffed grape leaves in general, but theirs were fine.)My dining companions enjoyed their gyro and chicken schwamera. The gyro meat is more seasoned chunks than shaved, but it was still tasty.One of my friends got the rice pudding, which I tasted. While it wasn't 'life-changing' as promised by the waitress, it was pretty darn good.All in all, I was extremely happy with the entire experience and am always happy to find another place to feed my falafel love.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,10/5/2013,24,65,,3,2>Very cool little coffee shop in Union Station. The girls working there are hipsters, but are very nice, and put care into their work. I had a weekly special, which was some concoction with caramel and rosemary. It was very good! They informed me that they use all fresh ingredients, and the flavor was evident of that. Prices are about the same as Starbucks. 4 stars purely because this is incredibly inconvenient to get to unless you are going to be inside Union Station anyway.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2013,10/4/2013,74,287,,6,5>This afternoon I went to check out the new Fresh Market that opened in the still-a-building Prairie Fire complex on the south side of 135th Street, between Metcalf and Nall.  It's a bit difficult to be sure exactly what niche The Fresh Market is trying to fill.  It's kind of a blend of Whole Foods, Trader Joes and Dean & DeLuca.  There are lots of natural and organic brands and selections, but the store isn't exclusively a "health" food emporium.  There are also selections of more deluxe brands and "artisan" producers of things like soft drinks.  Many of the canned/bottled goods sections are relatively small, so the selection can be rather limited, although that's not always a bad thing.  (You don't end up dithering over 40 brands of canned tuna, for example!)  The place is pricey, but probably worth it for some of the harder to find items they carry.  The bakery looks excellent and I spotted at least one bargain:  a number of pretty elegant loaf-style fancy cakes for cutting into slices, for only $5.99 for the entire cake!  There's also a nice selection of breads.  The deli section is good, and there's a pretty extensive cheese section, although the offerings mostly aren't on the adventurous side.  The house-made take and bake pizzas looked really good, especially the Margherita with big slabs of fresh mozzarella on it!  The meat counter is extensive and has a good selection, including lamb and veal (for the politically incorrect).  The guys working that counter seem knowledgeable, or will get you an answer if they don't happen to know it.  Ditto for the fish counter.  Vegetables look gorgeous and there's a big selection.  Green goods mostly seem to be organic, fruits seem to be about half-and-half organic and conventional, but it all looks great.  There's a moderate sized bulk food section and lots of candies sold in bulk.  One pleasantly surprising feature is that, befitting a store that comes from the South, there's a pretty good selection of foods and brands indigenous to the region that you don't see much (or ever) in Kansas City, like Café du Monde beignet mix, or White Lily flour  (a favorite of Deep Southern bakers), or tubs of pimento cheese at the deli!  I forgot to look for stone-ground grits, but I wouldn't be surprised if they have them.  And if they don't,, I bet they can order them!  Deep South expats will like this store and enjoy exploring what it has!All in all, The Fresh Market is a nice addition to our choices for upscale grocery shopping.  Some competition for Whole Foods is certainly welcome!  Things will undoubtedly shake out and the offerings will vary down the road as the managers figure out what's in demand locally.  But I do hope they keep the Southern stuff -- there are enough transplants from that part of the country in the metro area to provide a market for brands and products familiar from "back home."  It'll also be interesting to see what the impact of the new Sprouts market will be -- it should be opening soon a couple of blocks to the west in the adjoining Corbin Park shopping center.  But once both are open we won't be prisoners of Whole Foods any more!  There are going to be LOTS of choices, at least if you're willing to shlep out to JoCo to shop!  With luck all of these stores will begin to expand to other parts of the metro area.  All the people in Kansas City who are interested in healthier eating don't live in JoCo!
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,10/3/2013,165,132,6,8,5>We had a great time!  We received tickets as a gift from a friend. It was strange how that worked. They weren't really tickets, you get those later in the mail. Anyway, the show was great! (Hairspray) and the food was good too. The buffet was kept hot and fully stocked and the drinks were well made. Our server was very attentive. Overall this was a great experience. This is definitely an older crowd. I believe another yelper commented on the looks received from the other patrons. We experienced that too. On a grand scale!  What was even more obvious/ funny/ disturbing, was during the show - which is racially charged in a lighthearted and fun way, when the story included jokes that involved my race the crowd absolutely roared. But of course, during the jokes that poked fun at the majority, you could have heard a pin drop. Meh!  What can you do!?  Still had a great time, even when we were the only ones laughing.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,10/2/2013,102,158,2,15,12>Yes, we opted to try this place out the very first night of official business.  But we couldn't wait.  It was a perfect night, in walking distance, and the curiosity was killing me.  I am so glad we did.  Our experience from the moment we entered the building, until we stepped out the door to exit, was exceptional.  We were welcomed, taken care of, and very happy with our first visit.First of all,  the drink menu is right up my alley.  I have never seen such a good variety of house infused spirits (and infusions that actually appealed to me).  The menu offers a diverse selection of house specialty cocktails for every taste.  I personally stayed with rum this visit.  But I look forward to returning, and trying either the rosemary infused gin, the fig infused vodka, or the coconut Tuaca.  According to my dining companion, the beer selection was acceptable.  I was too overwhelmed by the awesomeness of the cocktail options to truly notice the beer.  And being gluten-free, it almost depresses me at times anyway, to look too closely at the beer I can't have.  So I focused on food an cocktails.We both ended up with two varieties of street tacos for our food.  But had we been hungry,  there were multiple items that we both plan to try.  Our server, Jordan, was beyond patient with my array of questions and dietary restrictions.  The menu itself offered a good mix of simple and sophisticated.  And if I can find something to eat at a restaurant, I would think anyone else would do just fine.  Jordan was able to confirm with the kitchen, in regards to what was safe for me, or could be modified.  I ultimately ended up just ordering what i was craving...Pulled pork, and Brussels hash.  The has had Brussels sprouts, carrots and parsnips in an addictive honey sauce.  I could seriously eat 10 bowls of this stuff.Our service, meals, drinks, and overall dining experience were well above anything I could ever hope for on the first night of business for any restaurant.  I am thrilled to have a place like this in my neighborhood, and will be back very soon to try more of the menu.  I also will note that the space itself is now much more open and bright.  Having lived in Kansas City for years, I dined at both the Romanelli Grill as well as The Gaf, both former tenants of this space.  I think District has done a good job to carve the way for a new evolution of this particular location.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,10/1/2013,29,217,2,4,2>Ok, I am bifurcating this review because I realized somehow I never made a review after my wedding rehersal dinner. We chose Lidia's because they provided a beautiful space for the size of my rehersal guests (~40) and it was a style that everybody could enjoy.If anybody doesn't know there is a separate large room up the stairs to their restaurant that can probably accomodate around 60 to 70 people comfortably. They have beautiful stained glass and glass lighting upstairs by the same artist as on the main floor. It's gorgeous and very private. You really feel like you have your own pretty space in an already beautiful building.We started with a 'happy hour' style cocktail hour for everybody to order wine, beer or specality drinks from the bar. This let everyone mill about and casually socialize while all the guests arrived.I'm not sure when the toast occured (my father-in-law) but they provided a mic and a good sound system which was great for all of us and put him at ease not having to yell.They do private dinners in the same method that they do the 3-choice pastas by walking around with various pastas for people to pick and choose for themselves. We had an amazing cheesecake for dessert. They didn't rush us out or act as if we were intruding when we went past 10 pm. The service was top notch and if I ever had to have a big dinner party again I would pick Lidia's. Amazing and so memorable!
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,9/30/2013,82,237,3,7,3>Is it possible that my new favorite mexican place is in Blue Springs!? This means my favorite thai place and mexican place are both in the opposite direction I'd normally travel for good food. The burbs seem to have it going on. I hate seeing anything with "authentic" thrown around and get pissed when I hear that word spoken about tex mess. This isn't tex mex which means most midwest folks will hate it.  I got the Mariposa Jalisco with the Queso Fundido for an appetizer. Typically I'd write a weird review where I'd take about something totally unrelated to the actual place but I was really taken aback on how good the food is. This isn't tex mex. This is based on real authentic mexican and blows away all the places on Southwest Blvd.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,9/29/2013,65,258,,5,5>I love this station! The mix of classic and contemporary artists is perfectly up my alley. They play everything from classic rock like Van Morrison, to classic punk with the Clash, to Elvis Costello, to Adele, to Mumford and Sons... Great variety and a deep music library.The on air staff is knowledgeable about all types of music and interesting to listen to. They never simply prattle on for the sake of talking and the morning show is laid back and enjoyable, not a shock fest of stupid sound effects.One of the coolest things they offer is the Alice Lounge. Members of their Alice Nation listeners club can win 2 seats at small acoustic shows, in studio, by artists performing in the area. I was lucky enough to win tickets to Michael Kiwanuka. He was phenomenal. He played three songs in front of a room of maybe 24 people. Then he signed photos and posed with fans. This is one of the best kept music secrets in town and so worth trying to get into.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,9/28/2013,82,53,1,7,6>This is the closest to NYC eating you'll get in KC, and that's a good thing.On a lovely, intimate streetscape at the heart of charming W 39th St, this graffiti cover brick-walled, long, narrow, bustling space has the kind of charm that only a repurposed space from KC's streetcar era can deliver. Like much of W 39th, this was built for a time where denser, more interesting streets were the rule, and it makes d'Bronx a great part of a must-visit neighborhood in KC.This is an order at the counter, get a number, then listen for your number to be screamed out kind of place. Runners bring your food to the table when you raise your hand in response to your number being called, and generally that happens pretty quickly. When they're placing large take-out orders or facing a rush, though, times can start to drop off fast, as they only have so much capacity.While d'Bronx is rightly known best for its pizza, it also features a full deli with both hot and cold sandwiches, which range from vegan or raw treats featuring carrots and hummus to full-on meatball subs. The chicken and eggplant parmesan sandwiches are both very popular, the latter being an indulgent staple for the vegetarian, but plenty tasty for anyone. With a layer of sauce soaking into the traditional Italian roll, made a bit dry and crusty by the baking process, the textures and flavors are delicious. The pizza, though. For years, it routinely ranked among my favorites in the city, and it is still up there. This is unapologetically New York style, with a thin, floppy crust immediately collapsing under the weight of the toppings. Pizza folders, this is your jam. Being thin and floppy, the slices are not as greasy as you'd expect from this genre, and the crust still gives you a bit of texture to chew through. A very pleasing slice of pie indeed.Too few places in KC don't have by-the-slice options, but d'Bronx isn't one of them. That makes it a great option to stop in for a quick hit without having to buy a whole pie, and as long as the ovens aren't jammed full (which happens from time to time), they turn a slice pretty quickly. Sure, the toppings are just plopped on top of a pre-made cheese slice, but it gives you unlimited choices, tastes good, and gives you a fresher product than multiple pre-made varieties you'd see at another place.You really can't go wrong at d'Bronx, but I will say that the desserts will entice you as you stand in line to order, and having fallen victim to them, I'll say that they look much better than they are. That isn't to say that they aren't good, but I'd rather have that extra slice of pizza and stick with what d'Bronx does best.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,9/27/2013,22,64,3,6,4>Wow! 30+ acres of open area for dogs to play!  Augie, my dog, loves it here! My girlfriend and I took him to the fabulous Mutt Run for his first time today; he ran his tail off. The Mutt Run is an off leash dog park which always has a great mix of all breeds and sizes. Warning... If Fido is not trained on off leash recall, he may or may not come back. I would recommend keeping your dog on leash the first couple of times to avoid any roughhousing or running away. A happy dog owner could lose their furry friend fast if they can't be trusted off leash; this 30+ acre wooded playground for mutts is large and in charge. I also recommend passing on this great dog park if your four-legged child is under socialized. There are 150-pound Great Danes, Giant Boxing Boxers, Overly Hyper Labs, and Snarky Chihuahuas. If your "child" is under socialized, both of you could be in danger. Even though our furry children are cute and cuddly, they are animals.    The Mutt Run is a great place for my bundle of fur. Our family has been through several obedience courses that gave him great off leash recall and he has been socialized on a regular basis through doggie daycare and socialization events since he was a small puppy. I highly recommend bringing your fur baby here for a visit. Augie and I hope to see you soon!
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2013,9/26/2013,216,313,1,4,5>I had the luxury of being pampered for my birthday with a meal at Chaz, and it was a fitting location for that.Although it's associated with The Raphael hotel, Chaz is definitely not that stereotypical, stuffy hotel restaurant wrought with middle-aged businessmen. The hotel is designed stylishly and there is a side entrance for the restaurant so it doesn't necessarily even feel like it's part of the hotel. The live music contributes to the modern, intimate atmosphere.We came on a Tuesday, which features a very reasonably priced prix fixe dinner for two - $75 gets you individual choices of app, entree, shared dessert, and a bottle of wine. And it's not one of those prix fixes where the "choice" involves picking either option A or B; here you get to pick between 4-6 apps/entrees so chances are there will be something to satisfy even the choosiest palates.For a too-detailed description of the food, read on...: The escargot was executed beautifully - poached in garlic butter, it was tender and toothy but not chewy or heavy in flavor as you might expect snail to be, and the garlic crouton and braised spinach added a nice balance to the dish. I don't quite understand the hype about the fried green tomatoes. They were just fine but felt a bit too pedestrian - not that I don't love down-to-earth cooking, I just expected it to be slightly elevated given the context of this restaurant. For entrees, I don't have a whole lot to say about my bland lobster risotto besides the fact that "bland" is not a word that I typically associate with "lobster" or "risotto." On the other hand, it seems that the seared scallop dish exhibited all the seafoody richness I expected from the risotto; every diver scallop was cooked to a perfect just-barely translucent and packed with flavor. It was one of those dishes that doesn't come with a whole lot of bites, but every one was savory and satisfying. For dessert we had the earl grey creme brulee. There are few things that make me happier than cracking a perfectly caramelized shell to reveal a spoonful of rich custard...and let's just say this creme brulee made me VERY happy. Don't be off-put by the grayish tinge of the custard, that slight anise flavor actually lightens up the custard and it's a unique spin on a classic dessert.Where I found Chaz to really shine was in their hospitality. Service was appropriately paced, polite, and personal. We were told to take our time relaxing in the beginning and to linger as long as we wanted to after dinner. As a notoriously slow eater, I so appreciated not feeling pressured to rush in and out!To me a dining experience equals food + service, which easily puts Chaz at 4 stars. While not every dish blew me away in flavor or execution, the ones that did were solid and the quality of service made for a relaxed evening out - I left feeling pleased and very pampered!
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,9/25/2013,186,104,,5,1>Sylvia's Deli is one of the friendliest places in town!!  Sylvia herself greets each customer by name and if she doesn't know you, she will introduce herself to you and welcome you to her establishment.The regular menu has a nice selection of sandwiches on it, ranging from deli subs to wraps to PB&J.  I haven't had a bad sandwich yet!The rotating daily specials are good and offer some variety if you eat here on a regular basis.  So far Taco Tuesday is my handsdown favorite.  Great prices and its more than just tacos!  Burritos, tamales, enchiladas, yum!  Oh and the beans, THE BEANS are fantastic, out of this world good.  I haven't had the cheesecake yet, but a co-worker told me it was the thickest cheesecake he's ever had.Sylvia's also has a few breakfast items on the menu, but I haven't had a chance to try them yet.Oh and if you're an Elvis fan then you will really dig this place, Sylvia is a huge Elvis fan and she has posters and memorabilia all over the restaurant.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,9/24/2013,61,366,4,7,4>Who would have thought something called Hodge Podge would be so scrumptious.  It definitely lives up to its name with grilled portabella mushrooms, onions, peppers and sour kraut.  My husband thought it sounded disgusting but it was oh so good --he even thought so.  I can't wait to order it again.  It was big, it was messy and you can't put it down and stop eating it.I took the waitresses advise and ordered the chips, which are homemade and that was definitely my guilty pleasure for the day!  Hubby had a pork tenderloin.  Not one of those pre-made ones either.  You can just tell by the size, the texture and the taste that they hand pound, hand bread and fix this fresh.  I personally am not a huge fan or pork tenderloins but would have eaten this one.Quite honesly, we had so much food we could have shared a meal.  But hubby decided he had committed so why stop at lunch - how about we order dessert.  He did and he ordered the Lemon Meringue pie.  Yes I took a few bites and it was scumptious.  Crust was that perfect flakiness, the lemon filling was not too sweet, not to tart and held together just right.  The meringue was the thickess (tallest) meringue I have ever seen.  Can't wait to try the other pies.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,9/23/2013,12,101,,6,3>Occupying the same location as the former Nick's Italian Pizza in Lenexa at 77th and the west side of Quivira, Four Seasons Pizza and Pasta recently opened with standard offering of pizza (New York style), pasta, sandwiches and salads.  Being the pizza aficionado that I am, and being this is in our general neighborhood, we decided to give it a try.  If you look at my former review of Nick's, the family and I were fairly impressed with his version of NY pizza.  Well, have no fear pizza fans, Four Seasons Pizza and Pasta is carrying a great new tradition of pizza in the Kansas City area that is not your typical Midwestern crisp/cracker thin crust.  Four Seasons is the real deal.  The interior of the restaurant is somewhat Spartan (no noticeable changes from Nick's), but it's clean and it does the job if you are going to stay and eat.  The employees are nice, eager to please and earn your business.  We ordered a medium Calabrese pizza with a couple of side salads and soft drinks.  The side salads were just the right size - not a small bowl with a few pieces of lettuce and a couple of croutons, but not so big you can't eat anything else.  The side salads are made with your choice of 3 toppings from over a dozen items to choose from, and your choice of dressing (about 6 choices).  Enough about the salad.The main attraction for us was the pizza.  The Calabrese came with sweet Italian sausage, mushrooms, an Italian salami, and some added olive oil.  The medium is 18-inches.  To start off, it is a chewy, New York style crust that has good flavor - thin with a thicker outer crust (cornicione),  and foldable, if that is your desire.  The sauce is flavorful with the right amount of herbs and enough to know it is definitely there without being overpowering.  The cheese is good, smooth, silky mozzarella with a nice, fresh flavor of its own.  Together, the entire pizza-flavor-orchestra is divine and delicious.  I am ready to go back and try another set of toppings, as well as one their sandwiches.  They also offer standard Italian-American fare, like pasta dishes (e.g., spaghetti, lasagna), pizza rolls, calzones, stromboli, and so on.Get there soon and give Four Seasons a try.  Maybe you'll pay a few bucks more than some fast-food slop you have delivered, but you will also get what you pay for, which is great food.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,9/22/2013,159,346,3,6,7>My husband and I went for a walk one hot and humid evening.  Our reward a trip to Dips & Sips!  I heard someone call into KCUR a couple of Fridays ago and suggested Dip & Sips soft serve swirl.  It's soft serve swirled with a choice of flavors.  I had the caramel swirl - small.  Goodness!  The portion of the small is huge.  If the husband and I can agree on a swirl addition (doubtful!) we could split it next time.  They also have a lot of choices of Blue Bell ice cream which they can make into shakes if you want.  They sell HUGE (kids baseball glove sized) cinnamon rolls, pies and cupcakes too. I was impressed with the prices of all the items...very reasonable.The owner helped us and another couple that evening.  She was friendly and happy to answer questions about their servings.  I love supporting a local business.  With that, I will make sure our evening walks are down to Dips & Sips.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,9/21/2013,64,139,,7,2>This is a satellite of the River Market location. Super tiny space, so plan on getting your order to-go. The savory ones are a fun alternative to a sandwich, and even though they're deep fried, not greasy at all. The Crusty Crab is a delicious mix of crab, bacon and herbed goat cheese; there is a calzone-ish one with mozzarella, meatball, sausage and pepperoni, as well as about four or so other choices, all in the $5-6 range. The sweet ones look tempting, with filled ones at around $3 each, or plain powdered sugar ones sold in multiples of three. I would avoid this place at peak times like lunch hour, as the space is so small I can imagine things get pretty confusing.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,9/20/2013,11,25,,7,6>Tasty Thai is, hands down, the best Thai restaurant in Kansas City.  They may have some issues with service, and the decor and atmosphere may leave something to be desired, but I go here for the food.  Oh, the food.The Pad Ki Mao is delicious, and I've never found a restaurant that prepares it more deliciously.  It's sweet, it's spicy, iit's punched up with the flavor of fresh thai basil, and the noodles have the perfect amount of char and chew. it's one of my favorite dishes in all of Kansas City.The Panang Curry is also amazing.  It's well-balanced, with the exact right ratio of curry paste to coconut milk.  Freshly chiffonaded kaffir lime leaves take the flavors to the next level, and give it a cleanness that's often missing in other Panang Curries.They do not use a thickener in their curry sauce, so those clean flavors really come through, and are not muddied.  One serving of Panang Curry can very easily saturate two servings of their fluffy Jasmine rice, so I recommend getting a to-go box, and an extra box of rice.Speaking of to-go, they have KC's best carryout deal on Mondays.  Buy one curry, get one for a buck.  $15 and a tip, and you're out of there with two big tubs of curry, and plenty of rice to feed two people for dinner and Tuesday's lunch.Oh, and they deliver. :)
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,9/19/2013,16,336,,8,6>Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. What a place! This place may have the longest meat counter in the city, and it's full of all sorts of interesting meat options. That, in and of itself, makes it pretty cool. It feels like an old school, traditional, industrial type of place. BUT the best part, and what brought us here were the tacos which are served on Saturday. They had about 7 options, such as barbacoa, carnitas, al pastor, lengua, discada, chicken, etc. They're $2 each, and cash is the preferred payment. I've been eating my way through the street tacos in this town, and theirs are pretty damn good. As Matt E. said, the first thing that stands out is how big they are. You get probably a quarter pound of meat. I had 3 and was stuffed. They are topped with tons of onions and cilantro, and they have a salsa bar that goes 7 deep! Yeehaw!!! Unfortunately, the tacos are pretty greasy, and can verge on "gut problems too greasy." Thankfully, mine weren't too greasy. I loved the barbacoa, then carnitas, and al pastor was last for me. There was about a 15 minute wait at 1:45 since they cook some of the meat to order. Therefore, plan accordingly. You can either do take out or dine at some humble tables inside. Great place. Glad I made it there, and I'm excited to go back.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,9/18/2013,182,367,,4,4>Seeing a T-bones game is such a fun experience- great for young and old alike.  We met up with a group of friends before a Friday night game, bought out seats together then tailgated for a bit before the game began.  The stadium is pretty compact which makes getting around very easy and finding our seats was not a problem. They have a great selection of beer also - Abita, Sam Adams, Boulevard, Leinies (better than other stadiums in KC)- for $7.25 for craft and ~$5 for domestic. They have lots of food options including the standard brats and kettle corn (~$6 for a bag).Free parking and $9.50 seats make for a very reasonable night out, and compared to the Royals, you are much close to the action and the players give it their ALL! They seem to absolutely love what they do, and you'll see more passion in these teams than you do in most professional sports. Overall, a lot of fun and highly recommended for group outings.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,9/17/2013,15,89,4,7,4>I'm allergic to fish, so my visit to Lutfi's has been pending for some time. I finally decided to load up on benadryl and head on over with my girlfriend and her family to see what all the buzz was about. Lutfi's definitely did not disappoint. As most everyone else has said, this is simple soul food done right. I had the blackened shrimp (not allergic to shellfish, thankfully) which were just freaking delicious. I believe someone else referred to the blackened offerings as a "flavor bomb," and that's exactly right. The creole seasoning hits like Tyson. The sides we had, mac and cheese, fried okra, and fries were all great. The fries and okra were crisp and crunchy without being  soggy with oil, and they were seasoned well. Of course, the catfish was the main attraction. It was beautifully fried in deliciously seasoned corn meal with the perfect amount of crunch. It was totally worth a little bit of upper airway constrcition and tingling lips. I would call the prices here average or slightly below. We fed a hungry group of 5 for ~$40, and I'd consider that pretty darn good. The staff are all really nice and stopped by frequently to check on us. Good food, good prices, good people. There's not a lot to dislike about Lutfi's. i will most definitely be back.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,9/16/2013,109,469,,4,4>We've worked Aimee two years in a row now after failing to figure out how to make Turbo Tax work in our favor. Last year we had three states we needed to file, this year only two so first off her cost was less than we were anticipating (and we thought it was reasonable before). We were looking to pay more in taxes than we anticipated, but Aimee found a few deductions that we wouldn't have ever thought of that definitely ended up working in our favor. Even after her fees, everything balanced out so we didn't owe money. That alone made us happy. She even gave us a good tip on how to better keep track of donations to get us more money back next year.Now there's no doubt in our mind that we will continue to use Aimee for many years to come!
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,9/15/2013,255,475,4,5,4>Took a very picky group of eaters here on a Saturday afternoon. Lots of seating available and even room for our baby stroller near our table. The menu is vast, but especially awesome thanks to its whole Vegetarian selection! On a whim, I ordered the "Raja Dip" - a blend of parmesan, feta, cream cheese, and walnuts paired with fried (yes!) pita bread. HOLY @#*&^!! We nearly licked the plate after we inhaled this stuff. THIS IS SOME SERIOUSLY GOOD FOOD. I complimented the chef after on the dip and he said that he created it on a whim after throwing some ingredients together. I also ordered the lentil soup and vegetarian sampler platter. Both were exceptional, though I must admit that I didn't have much stomach room left after eating all that dip. STILL THINKING ABOUT HOW GOOD IT WAS. The rest of those at my table all finished their food with big smiles. Looks like we had a winner - no one person was disappointed with their dishes! The service was great here, too, and the atmosphere clean and inviting. Heard there are one of these in KC - looks like I need to make a special trip and order some more raja dip!
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,9/14/2013,153,77,1,3,1>B+This place has the best crab rangoon and the second best pad thai in town. No doubt about it. The crab rangoon shelling is very thin and the center is very savory. The sweet and sour sauce served with it is very good as well.I order the pad thai 3 alarm and it is the perfect amount of heat. I've noticed that with less heat there seems to be less flavor. But I've noticed that at every thai restaurant I've been to. And you get a lot with the order. At least two meals worth.My wife always orders something called, like, pad say yum, or something like that. It has broccoli in it and for just that fact alone it should be outlawed. Goo..Service is top notch. Great family restaurant.Pro tip: Order this with a Chang beer.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,9/13/2013,43,112,4,2,1>Old school is selling the Glenwood a bit short.  Ancient school or prehistoric school may be more apt.  Man this place is like walking into a time warp!!  From the giant sign on 95th street, the carpet, the box office, to the theatres themselves it is fun just to look around and soak up the Hill Valley-esque atmosphere.  They kept the original red, crushed velvet, reclining chairs from the original Glenwood.  Very comfy, while also reassuringly musty.  No they don't do 3D, IMAX, or THX here so if you are looking to see the next Disney piece of crap in 3D go elsewhere.  They show independent, well made, anti-blockbuster films.  Overall a cool place to go see a movie.If you would like to continue your trip down memory lane walk the empty, ghost town mall afterwards.  Really wild to see the 80's all red GAP store, mauve jewelry stores, and dinner platter cascading fountain complete with multi colored spotlights and spindly, withering tropical plant accents.  CRAZY!
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2013,9/12/2013,100,160,3,7,2>Portion size - CRAY CRAY. I was slightly disappointed when none of the dishes I was interested in came with a soup or other starter. Then my meal came and I saw why. OMG, it looked like I was serving a family of four. My large dish was piled high with chicken basil fried rice. And how heavenly it tasted. It had that open grill taste just right. We initially scoffed at the huge price increase in my husband's favorite - the Chicken Teriaki Bento box - over it's lunch price tag, but once again, it was justified when delivered. There were at least 6 pieced of Cali roll and a huge pile of chicken! Not to mention salad, rice, etc. Oh, and he had already eaten the miso soup. Which is amazing there. I also have to comment on my soup (which I ordered before I knew what I was getting myself in to). You rarely see the egg drop soup with chicken (or at least I rarely see it) but that is how theirs is served and it was really amazing. I am hardly ever out that way, but if I happen to be passing through again, I would certainly consider revisiting FW. I would like to try more sushi next time.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2013,9/11/2013,150,498,,9,4>Café des Amis, located in one of my favorite "old-town" districts (from back when Parkville was an important stop on the river-trade route,) is a true jewel.  The restaurant is a little bit out of the way, which only adds to its charm.  From the street, go up a long flight of wooden stairs to a deeply shaded wooden deck with several bistro tables.  Or, sit at one of the dozen or so tables inside.  You'll be greeted by Guillaume Hanriot, the elfin owner, who laughs and jokes with the regulars as they come in.  The dining room is situated in the oldest remaining building in historic Parkville - "older than the Eiffel Tower," as Guillaume is quick to remind you - and the old-fashioned tall-sashed windows afford a great view of the village.  The yellow and blue décor gives the dining area a country-house feel, with little French tricouler flags stuck in the window boxes amongst the geraniums.  The ambiance is casual - the noisy kitchen is near the dining room, and the servers chatter to one another in French.  In the kitchen, one of the sous-chefs sings along in a robust tenor to the French pop music that is playing in the bar area.  Guillaume's wife, Ingrid, presides over the kitchen; they are natives of the region of Champagne, which is reflected in the menu choices, a mix of traditional and progressive French dishes.  Portions are generous, and the service is unhurried and friendly, and just a touch whimsical.  For example, instead of shouting like a short-order cook, Ingrid uses a toy train whistle to signal the food's readiness in the kitchen, while you hear the real trains rumbling by outside. My meal started with a loaf of crusty French bread with lavender butter, a house specialty.  There's a variety of traditional appetizers to choose from, including veal sweetbreads with a creamy black truffle sauce in a pastry shell that is so light it falls apart.  I couldn't pass up the delicious salade aux chevre chaude - the tangy cheese is half-melted and buttery, crusted with nuts, served with baby greens dressed in a sweet honey-dijon dressing.  I also enjoyed the confit au canard - a beautifully seared pair of duck legs with a rich, sweet taste, served with selected seasonal vegetables, and a side of potatoes au gratin made with raclette cheese, which lent a nutty, earthy tone to the dish.  Everything was superb.The charmingly tiny bar doesn't really accommodate serious drinking, but it's a great place to sit for a few minutes until your table is readied.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2013,9/10/2013,27,81,5,3,3>Came here with the family over lunch so my brother could attempt the Reubenator Challenge - not on the menu, but it's 5 lbs. of reuben sandwiches, a boatload of fries and pickle spears. You must finish in under an hour to get the free t-shirt (you pay regardless). He knocked out that plate of food in 38 minutes, got his free t-shirt, did some yard work, then went to Sheridan's. I ate one measly reuben sandwich and had to lie on the couch for a 2 hour nap. The reubens were excellent, but I don't think I'm attempting the challenge anytime soon.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,9/9/2013,160,440,9,4,5>This is all Jen D's fault!After seeing her weekly check in, I finally had to find out what it is all about. I am not a huge dessert/sweets person, so sometimes these paces are hard to wrap my head around. Glace wasn't though, it made total sense!You can try any of the flavors before you commit to them. This is a huge plus because some of the flavors sound a little questionable, but I can tell you, the goat cheese and beet is a win! So is the salted pretzel. The biggest win though was the caramel pecan. Sorry Jen they didn't have any basil orange sorbet so I couldn't try it. :(If you like ice cream you will love Glace. The pug wasn't happy though because they didn't have any flavors that seemed pet friendly. The looks I got eating ice cream in front of him.... If you don't hear from me in a few days, the pug got me in my sleep!
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,9/8/2013,64,45,,5,3>Even though I'm a self-professed Country Club Plaza fanatic I find myself spending more and more time getting to know Town Center these days.  A couple of times a year I allow myself to splurge on the services here.  I have gotten a foot repair and hand repair service so far.  My foot repair session lasted 1 generous hour and the aesthetician did an excellent job of making me feel welcome and actually told me several times to relax and watch the baseball game.  I must admit that I am used to the Vietnamese or Korean spa ladies being a little rougher with me because I am one of their rare male clients; this was a nice change of pace.  I was offered bourbon but took an (almost) equally refreshing bottled water. The interior design and space is very clean and masculine and it does very much feel like a mens club.  I actually felt somewhat out of place there as a 25 year old but there did appear to be some professionals in their late 20s/early 30s present.  I think once I advance more in my salary I can take advantage of these superb services more often.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2013,9/7/2013,76,303,3,3,5>The hubby and I came here for Taco Tuesday and decided that we've really been missing out! $1.09 tacos on Tuesdays! Woo hoo! The tacos are offered with a variety of meats piled high on a small soft shell. There is nothing else on them...that's up to you and the salsa bar. Oh my, do I love salsa bars! They have a salsa on their bar that looks a bit like avocado sauce, but it's not! It's really freakin' hot! Mmmm, spicy!I also ordered a burrito, but the woman at the register messed up and entered a taco instead of a burrito. Oops. When we got our order and it was wrong, she offered to fix it, but I told her it was ok and I'd try it the next time. A few minutes later, she delivered a piping hot really yummy burrito to our table, on the house! How's that for customer service?They also offer typical soft drinks, horchata and a variety of beers, mostly of the Mexican variety.The menu is a bit limited but the food is really good, the people are nice and the service is fast. The woman at the register didn't know much English, but their clientele appears to be mostly Mexican, so English is probably not needed 95% of the time.The interior of the place feels very strip mall-y, but they had some fun old pictures of Mexico on the walls and I found myself jealous of their stainless steel tables.They're in the same strip mall as Jose Pepper's, but I see no reason why given the two options, anyone with taste buds would bother with Jose Peppers. Just go to the other end of the mall and you'll find El Fogon around the side. Me gusta mucho la comida!
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,9/6/2013,181,143,,10,3>Sushi Mido is a diamond in the rough! When approaching Sushi Mido, it looked like a small shack of a restaurant, however, I was pleasantly surprised when I entered the restaurant. The place is bigger than I expected and it was nice and clean inside. I visited during the lunch hour expecting to eat some all you can eat sushi, which I was very intrigued about. Instead, I went with the lunch special because they have a very impressive one. The lunch comes with 2 pieces of crab rangoon, a salad or soup, and a choice of 1 roll, 2 rolls, or 3 rolls. The prices are also decent at $7, $9, and $12 respectively. I figured I most likely wouldn't eat more than 3 rolls if I went with the $20 all you can eat sushi, so the lunch special was definitely the way to go.The crab rangoon was very tasty and brought out right from the fryer. It was crispy, hot, and deliciously filled with cream cheese. The salad was simple but the dressing was also pretty tasty. We ordered the vegetable tempura appetizer and it was also good. It came in a nice presentation. I was very happy with the rolls that I tasted. A few rolls that intrigued me were the sweet potato roll and the bagel roll. Both were surprisingly delicious! The sweet potato roll was crunchy with the sweet/salty taste you'd expect from sweet potato fries. The bagel roll actually had the taste of a breakfast bagel with cream cheese and some sort of fish that was almost like prosciutto. Other rolls I liked were the dynamite rolls and crispy calamari roll.I'm a fan of Sushi Mido and am very glad I came during a lunch hour.  Personally, I like Sushi Mido much better than Drunken Fish because of the price, sushi quality, and sushi selections. The only thing that I feel needed some work was the service. It wasn't bad but it also wasn't great. I didn't like that the server was basically standing next to the table waiting for us to take the last tempura from the basket so he can take it away. I like to eat in my own pace and don't like my waiter rushing me.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,9/5/2013,48,122,3,8,5>We always talk the talk about buying local, likely humanely raised meat and supporting local business while eating much healthier and more identifiable food.  I had forgotten all about Steve's in my years away from the KC area until a friend pointed me at one of their bulk specials.  After a little hemming and hawing about whether we should stock up, which one of us was responsible for defrosting the deep freezer first, and when we would squeeze a run out to DeSoto, we just impulsively bought a beef & pork bundle online.  We'll figure out the details later.  Well, freezer got cleaned out but not defrosted, and we actually stuck the run out of town on the calendar so we would make sure to plan around it.And, yeah.... it is *everything* you hope for from a local butcher.  A half dozen guys running around behind the counter with sharp implements.  A couple nice ladies on the phone taking orders trying not to get their phone cords sliced up or clothesline anyone.  Fantastic down-home customer service with pros who can tell you about everything they have.  And the smell of the smoker that has you salivating before you even get in the door.The per-pound price on the big bundle broke down to something ridiculously low that could only be compared to what you pay for tubes of mystery meat from Wally World.  And the flavor of everything we have tasted has been Ah-mazing.My only problem is that I have to re-learn how to cook *good* meat... you know, meat that is actually really, really lean (as grass fed beef is), meat that is the color of meat and not of additives (the breakfast sausage is the color of pork chops, not hot links), and meat that stands completely on its own for flavor (step away from the salt shaker).  But I'm sure I can learn to live with this as a problem...
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,9/4/2013,109,117,3,7,2>I'm a fan. Of all the places on 39th this the one I want to sit at the most.  We've been twice both times I had wings, once the Asian the other time the Chipotle, I like wings.  They were good, Fric and Frac's are better but these can definitely hold their own.  The bartenders are great!! The servers...mmmmm...not so much. I'd go as far as saying my server was kind of a beotch. Sorry but it's true.  The beer prices are comparable to anywhere.  They do have these really cute 7 oz. Miller high Life's, just adorable.  The place is on the "nicer" side of things. I appreciate that, seeing as how everything on 39th is so divey!!  They have tv's everywhere - which I actually do like. I'm a sports fan I like having somewhere within walking distance where I can go watch the game!  I also don't have a problem tuning tv's out.  One thing I am not a fan of though - is some of the clientele.  I'm going to assume that it's because it's a new place but some of the patrons there recently were down right obnoxious. Dude, if you're trying to impress the girl that met up with you yelling in her face isn't going to do it....especially when you're yelling about your orange blazer and blue bow tie...what a douche!!!!! The whole lot of them! I'm sure I'll love the place even more when these guys start migrating back to P&L.All in all, I'll be a regular.p.s. I know there is no way you can do this with limited space, but I want a pool table and some darts in there!
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,9/3/2013,9,36,,3,4>Came here for dinner on Saturday and was not disappointed.I love the interior of the restaurant.  Wooden floors, exposed brick--it almost feels as if you're eating in your really cool friend's modern loft.We shared the farmhouse salad and crawfish beignets.  I'm not a huge fan of salad, so I can't rave about it.  But the veggies were fresh, and the dressing was noticeable but not overbearing.The beignets were great!  They are stuffed with crawfish tails and topped with a creole mustard.  I could do those over and over!For a cocktail, I had their hard, berry lemonade.  With the recent heat we've had in KC, it was perfect.  You could tell is was spiked, but the flavors were really well balanced.  In other words, a few of these could be dangerous.For our entrees, my wife had their stuffed chicken on a bed of grits and I had the hanger steak and fries.  The chicken was absolutely delicious.  I know it may seem like a boring choice, but they did it so well!  The outside was crispy, the meat was juicy.  It was perfect.My steak was cooked to medium perfection and topped with blue cheese and salsa verde which made for an interesting flavor combo.  I washed it down with a scotch ale that they had on draught which was perfect.To end the dinner, we tried some of their house-made pecan pie.  Man, oh man it was delicious.  My one critique--I am not sure how they stored it (refrigerated perhaps), but it seemed to be warm in some spots and cool in others.  I would have preferred a more consistent temperature throughout.  We'll be back and I am glad to add another restaurant to my list that by which I can show KC's culinary skill to out-of-town friends.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,9/2/2013,69,196,4,5,3>This is the best Indian I've had in KC. I originally fell in love with Indian while living in London, a city where "curry" is similar to Mexican here; it's all over the place and everyone eats it. Korma Sutra has excellent Indian food, a friendly staff and a nice atmosphere. The staff has always made me feel welcome, even when I've struggled to pronounce menu items and asked lots of questions. They have overlooked my rambunctious toddler, the time his behavior caused us to hurry out with our orders in to-go boxes. They have brought us free mango shakes and mystery (to us) appetizers, and never once given us a second look when we don't know what to do with the chip & dip stuff served before the meal.Their spicy dishes are knock-you-socks-off spicy. I prefer a nice, coconutty Korma. Theirs is buttery without being greasy, rich and the flavors are smooth. The naan is fresh and tasty and the rice is aromatic. I'm a pretty picky eater; I love my fruit and veg, as long as there is no bread or cheese to be found. Even still, I can eat anything on their menu and enjoy the taste, even if I don't know what it is and later find out it's a large, fried vegetable ball.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,9/1/2013,212,100,,7,4>To find a restaurant that my dad, his best friend, and I all three like is nothing short of a miracle. When my dad asked me to take him to a KC place with a good reputation, (ie good Yelp reviews!) I was at a loss.  A quick search reminded me of New Peking Chinese.  I had been here twice before for lunch and always had a great experience and the perfect amount of food, but never had dinner. I had no idea what to expect because I knew there would be a different style of menu from the lunchtime options. We almost tried the 3-4 course Tasting Menu-appetizers/soup, entrees, and dessert for $18-$25 per person-but opted to order from the regular menu. That said, I definitely think this would be a good option if you have never been here before and want to try a variety of menu items. For our meals, we chose the Sweet and Sour Chicken, the Combination Lo Mein, and the Cashew Chicken.  As an appetizer, we shared Spring Rolls and Egg Rolls.  Of the two appetizers, the Egg Rolls were the clear favorite.  The Spring Roll sauce was delicious, but my dad and his friend just could not get into the Spring Rolls themselves.  The Entrees were Gigantic. Seriously.  We took home portions of all three and of the pot of rice they brought us.  The only downfall was not getting an Eggroll or Crab Rangoon with our meal like the lunch special, but when each entree has enough food to to feed a family of five, that extra bit would be overkill.  Each meal had huge portions of ingredients-a ton of broccoli or huge slices of peppers-including the lo-mein.  The amount of shrimp in the Lo Mein shocked me-most places charge extra for that amount of seafood. Since our visit there a few weeks ago, my dad has mentioned how great the food was a few different times over the phone. With food and service that is well above average, I have to agree with him and recommend it to locals and visitors a like.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2013,8/31/2013,292,268,8,10,5>I don't know if these are authentic beignets or not, and I really don't care because what I put into my beignet hole was absolutely really really bad for me but really really good.  Is this dessert, a meal, or a snack?  Who cares, I say.  I only had the sweet ones.....chocolate/bavarian cream, lemon/blueberry and raspberry/chocolate.  Not all to myself and not all in one setting so quit judging me!  They were all amazing.  Better than any donut I've ever had and equally as delicious as most desserts I've had.The space and the decor are just ok.  I wish someone would take one of these old market spaces and really put some thought and energy in designing the space into something cool and new, because this business definitely did not do that.The service was great.  The guy behind the counter was SO nice and you could tell that he loves the product that he is selling.  The prices seemed fair and because we went during a week day afternoon, we had no long wait or trouble ordering. Go check them out, I cannot wait until my next visit!
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2013,8/30/2013,49,45,12,9,10>When Jesus wants pork tenderloin, this is where he comes.With that, let me tell you about my experience with PT's Family Restaurant.  We were traveling to St. Louis and needed to satisfy our growling stomachs.  We weren't in the mood for fast food (we rarely are) and something more filling than a sandwich was definitely needed.  We saw the billboard for PT's and the mention of home cooking was a definite draw.  The mention of tenderloin also piqued our interest!PT's is a quaint, non-pretentious, cozy diner.  The staff was cordial and there were a lot of people at the restaurant, which is always a good sign!  As we looked around at other diners, the first thing that caught my eye were the OMG onion rings!  Once I finally was able to stop drooling over someone else's rings, I checked out the menu. While everything looked amazing, I decided on the chicken fried steak, while others at the table had the tenderloin.  HOLY MOLY!!!  I know I'm repeating what everyone else has said, but the chicken fried steak and the tenderloins are without question, the best any of us had EVER had.  They're amazingly tender, tons of flavor and about the size of a dinner platter.  But ask me how much was left after the carnage ended.  You got it right.  I was practically ready to lick the plate!  Yes, the food is THAT good!As being stuffed with tenderloin, chicken fried steak and other side dishes weren't enough, (and I hadn't even mentioned the DEEP FRIED CORN!), we had our arms twisted for pie.  And let me tell you my friends, this isn't just pie.  It's your grandma's pie.  It's Aunt Bee's pie.  It's pie you must have.  Period.While they're not open for breakfast, that will not prevent me from making the 30 - 40 minute drive to experience this deliciousness again.  Yes, it's that good and it's SO worth it!
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2013,8/29/2013,366,998,2,3,3>I've heard of Manifesto for quite awhile, but have never been until recently.  I met up with a few coworkers and I came a little earlier, because I knew parking was hard to find; however, I was surprised that there was a lot of parking in the lot next to the Reiger and it was around 7pm on a Friday.  I'm sure you'll have trouble finding parking on a First Friday though.The entrance to Manifesto was in the back alley behind the Reiger.  We had a reservation but we still waited maybe 5 minutes.  The men's restroom had a plaque that said "Al Capone Pissed Here" which may or may not be true but whatever. lol  We were taken downstairs to a somewhat long (but not really) hallway into the actual bar area.  The only light source there were the candles at each table and candles along the bar.  Of course, there was an occasional cellphone screen light but that was fine.  It didn't ruin the atmosphere down there.  The picture I posted was a 6 second exposure with my S95 so you can see how part of the area looks like even though it was very dark from the point of view of our table.We were seated at the table closest to the hallway.  There was definitely a limited amount of seating so make sure you make a reservation.  The menu was divided up into sections based on what alcohol was mixed in the drink.  I believe the menu on their website was still the same one used as of 5/17/13 even though it was their winter menu.  Every other kind of alcohol on the menu I more or less tried before (not from here).  I've never drank any absinthe before so I decided to try it.  I ordered the Zombie Apocalypse.  All of the drinks were $11 and regardless of what drink you order, they all have a lot of alcohol in them.  I'd say one order would be enough for someone who doesn't drink heavy liquor often.   The Zombie Apocalypse was okay to me and I should have chosen something else.  It had a strong taste of black licorice so if you love black licorice, then try the Zombie Apocalypse.  We also ordered cecci beans ($5) which was pretty much roasted chickpeas.  It was tasty and thought they were good; however, I didn't think the amount we got was worth $5.Overall, the experience was great here and it was definitely the first speakeasy I've been to in Kansas City.  I'll have to come back to try their other drinks.  I recommend it!
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,8/28/2013,182,452,11,10,11>Would you go to the Louvre in Paris and skip the Mona Lisa? Could you spend a week in Chicago and never grab a real Chicago style dog? A week in Manhattan without a true slice of New York pizza? Would you only drink tea in Seattle? If you were in south Texas near the border would you bypass a Mexican joint with cold beer and tacos served by grandmothers, instead opting for the local Applebees? If so, I hate you. So why pass up Arthur Bryant's?Sure, there are all the other spots around town Yelpers, bloggers and fans proclaim as the best, and many are very good. Some are world class. Hell, it's Kansas City BBQ, it's all (mostly) good. However, without ever dining at Bryant's you'll never understand what Kansas City BBQ is all about. This is history, this is Kansas City as it tasted in the past, and it's fine. True story: in 1980 (or thereabout) an earlier version of myself walked into Bryant's with a date. After waiting 10 minutes to just get in the door a short elderly black man with white shirt, black pants, horn rim glasses and a nice smile walked up to us, grabbed my date's hand and said, "come on, you two, to the front of the line." It was Arthur Bryant of course. I never found out why he did that. Stunned, still am when I think of that night.Today: A full slab of short end ribs, order of beans to split and two red cream sodas for my 16 year-old daughter and myself. Tradition was passed on in the family. She understood. Her words: "this place has it going!" I so agree.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,8/27/2013,30,269,2,7,4>Call me "clueless" but until I started checking out which restaurants were participating in Harvesters' Restaurant Week, I didn't even know about The Jacobson!  And that means several months when we could have been dazzled by this great locally owned place.  Oh well, I intend to make up for lost time.  And we started on Monday for their very nice Restaurant Week lunch.First of all, The Jacobson offered a Three Course Luncheon menu and they really delivered on the quality and the generosity of each course.  As a "For instance", I will tell you what I ordered:  My starter was four jumbo Crispy Salt & Pepper (sauteed) Shrimp served with two dipping sauces - Sun-Dried Tomato Remoulade and an wonderful Chimichurri.  So tasty and I hated to leave even a drop of the chimichurri, but did refrain from drinking what remained in the little cup!  I ordered a Grilled Scottish Salmon Bst for my main and it was lovely.  The combo of the Salmon with Maple glazed bacon, Roma tomato, Romain and the toasted ciabatta  spread with bacon cream cheese was even better than it sounds.  For dessert I had warm Banana Bread Pudding seasoned with Rum, Nutmeg, and Cinnamon and topped with vanilla whipped cream.   A perfect finish to an excellent meal. Our table of six pretty much 'ran' the entire Restaurant Week menu (except no one ordered the Nashville Stack pork sandwich).  But every single menu item that we tried was extremely popular with our group.  At lunch, the goat cheese stuffed meatballs must be ordered separately for a modest up charge.  But Hubby said they were "pretty good" and that is considered high praise from him.The one disappointment in the afternoon was that  The Rockwell Club consisting of Sliced roasted turkey, maple glaze bacon, baby spinach & provolone cheese on sliced grains galore bread arrived at our table without the cranberry aioli.  When we called over our server, he came back from the kitchen with an apology and a cup of mayonnaise -- the kitchen had run out of the cranberry aioli.  Dear Daughter 2 and I had swapped half sandwiches and so I shared in the general disappointment of NO cranberry aioli.  The turkey was generously stacked, the bread was divine but I fully believe the cranberry aioli would have pushed this particular sandwich into the stratosphere.I also had a taste of the  Crispy Sesame Crusted Oyster Mushrooms served with Ponzu sauce and Sriracha aioli (spicy but yummy) and a bite of the  Chocolate and Roasted Almond Tart with Almond ice cream and Vanilla Anglaise which was smooth and chocolaty enough to please my chocolate-loving grandson very much. The Jacobson is a fine Local place and, if their everyday menu is as good as our Restaurant Week lunch, it deserves all the praise it is getting.  I reserved that fifth star mostly because of the cranberry aioli but I am very excited to have, finally, found this place and will surely be back soon.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,8/26/2013,247,223,,8,5>This stylish bar, featuring 1890s upscale decor and jazz every night, is located on Grand in the Crossroads Arts District.  Although primarily a bar, rather than a restaurant, they do have a few food choices.  We had the cheese tortellini with a side salad along with the hummus plate and the cheese and crackers.  With a bottle of wine, it was an enjoyable dinner --- better than we had anticipated.  But with so little food variety, I would not want to have dinner there often.  Other fine restaurants are nearby on Main St.  Dinner at one of those restaurants conveniently can precede an evening of jazz with snacks and drinks at the excellent Green Lady Lounge.There is a parking lot next door and behind the restaurant.  Unfortunately those lots are not owned by the restaurant.  If you choose to park there, you do so at your own risk.  But there is an easy on-street solution to that problem.  If you walk out the back entrance of the restaurant and then through the parking lot behind the restaurant, you will get to McGee St., which has diagonal angle parking along the street.  We arrived for the jazz performance at 5:30 pm, and there was plenty of parking on McGee.  When we returned to our car later in the evening, there was only one free space left.  If you get there early, McGee is a good parking choice.  Otherwise your best bet might be over on Main St., where there are some lots (but be careful to avoid the private lots).Everything about the Green Lady Lounge, including the excellent jazz and elegant atmosphere, reminded me of the days when I lived in much larger cities.  Thanks to the other Yelp reviews for alerting me to this wonderful addition to the Kansas City nightlife scene.  The evening we were there, the jazz was by the Lambert Trio.  They are impressive, serious jazz musicians.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,8/25/2013,136,37,5,8,5>I LOVE this place! The desserts are out of this world! I've had a triple chocolate cookie, chocolate covered oreos, a peanut butter chocolate mousse, a vanilla cupcake....ummm, yeah I've tried a "few" things,They also have awesome salads and sandwiches, pre made but super fresh!The owner is lovely. So friendly, and passionate about her baking.I look forward to eating here more, I don't look forward to how much weigh I'll put on.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,8/24/2013,31,61,2,2,4>This review is for the Farm to Market/Roasterie brunch, which happened to be the perfect storm brewing toward the culmination of my mom's birthday.  She loves all three: Farm to Market bread, (she unabashedly put away three baskets of it on our last trip to Bluestem,) The Roasterie, and breakfast food... particularly eggs Benedict.  This engagement was executed to perfection.  We arrived a little early for our reservation, but were still seated right away.  Brunch was presented in a 3-course prix fixe menu, with Farm to Market bread service and a choice of coffee-infused brunch entrée and dessert.  In this situation, we would typically each order different items and split them, to try as many dishes as possible.  But today I knew better than to try to steal a forkful of her eggs Benedict, so I ordered the same.  And boy, am I glad I did!  I have tried many variations of this brunch staple, some with crab cakes or smoked salmon or even spinach-artichoke dip, but I had never before experienced them (yes, that's the right word for it) with pastrami.  It was roughly chopped and extremely moist and tender.  One bite, and it made perfect sense.  I found myself scooping the perfectly crispy home-fries under the blanket of Hollandaise.  Gone were the days of agonizing over the choice between eggs Benedict and corned beef hash.  The eggs also happened to be poached in a solution of green coffee, and I'm always a supporter of new ways to infuse caffeine into my diet.  For dessert, we had the chocolate-cherry bread pudding.  It was the cleanest plating I have ever seen of a bread pudding, served like a trendy "candy bar" dessert in a smooth rectangle, with a swish of crème Anglaise.  Additional dried cherries sprinkled over the top added brightness to the rich custard made from Farm to Market bread already studded with cherries and chocolate.  As one would  come to expect from The Rieger, the drink pairings for this event were nothing less than phenomenal.  The "Dizzy Flip" was our cocktail of choice, a complex mash-up of Clear 10 Dizzy Three Espresso Vodka, Big O Ginger Liqueur, and more than a hint of Absinthe, frothed with an egg white.  We finished our meal with a cup of The Roasterie's Rieger blend, the perfect end to a wonderful (and rather large) meal.  I hope that The Rieger hosts more events such as this one in the future... In my opinion, it was a great success!  It definitely whet my appetite to return for dinner and cocktails in the near future.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,8/23/2013,41,102,,6,5>Let me first say this - Local Pig is a phenomenal addition to Kansas City. The high quality cuts of meat, the variety of cuts as well as house-made brats and sausages, and the fair-for-what-you-get prices makes us Kansas Citians very, VERY fortunate.And now you can walk right outside and eat the same product you're planning on buying too? GET OUT. No, seriously, get out there and order something because I swear you're missing out if you don't. The menu changes (probably weekly?), with a couple of popular favorites that I've seen more than once on the menu board. But, I love when menus change - keeps me from ordering the same thing time after time. They keep the menu small - only 5 to 6 sandwiches to choose from. But I haven't had anything here that I haven't thoroughly loved with every fiber of my being. They had a pork belly wrapped pork loin sandwich with mustard greens and a spiced aioli about two months ago that out of this world. Be sure to order the combo - it's only $1 or $2 more, and you get a can of soda or a bottle of water and house-made chips with it. The chips are nice and crispy, simply but well seasoned with some sea salt, and the perfect portion so as not to make you uncomfortably full, but fully satisfied when you finish your sandwich. Whether Pigwich decides to expand it's menu or keep it simple, I don't care. I will always keep coming back to see what they have in store for us next.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2013,8/22/2013,43,125,,7,5>I absolutely deplore the Olive Gardens, Johnny Carino's, Fazoli's, and Carrabba's of the so-called Italian restaurants. Therefore, it will take a whole lot of negative things to happen at Cupini's for me not to give them positive reviews. Sure, there are some minor nit-picky issues to be said about Cupini's. Then again, outside of New York, Philadelphia, or New Jersey, how many 5 star true Italian neighborhood type eateries really exist?Cupini's attempts to mimic that east coast type Bodega in one sense. But as you walk through the dark little corridor off to the side of the main food prep/ordering area you come upon a small dinning area that resembles someones living room in the Westport neighborhood that Cupini's is located. Dark and cozy interior with a lot of character. The food is the real star of Cupinis as one would expect. The pasta is absolutely fresh and delicious! When I say "fresh", I'm talking it's hand rolled from the dough all the way to the blanching/boiling of the pasta. Veggies are cut fresh. Sauce is homemade. Don't misunderstand what I'm saying, I have seen some canned/Sysco type ingredients in Cupini's. But for the most part everything is as fresh as you will find in Kansas City. Don't sleep on their sandwiches either. They are so much better than anything you will find at the chain sandwich shops. The one question I'm still trying to get answers to is whether the bread is made in house or brought in? The meatball sandwiches rival those in some of the larger metropolitan cities on the east coast. Their cold sandwiches are really good but nothing ground breaking.Back to the pasta.........I'm telling you right now this stuff just has a unique flavor and texture that is unbelievable. This includes their lasagna, cannelloni's, tortellini, manicotti (oh gawd!), and their seafood ravioli. The sauces are rich and not too salty. Not too spicy. Not too sweet. Right on point and consistent. Never tried the pizza. Will definitely be trying the calzone in the near future. I'm not a vegetarian but forgot to mention the veggie menu at Cupini's is very good as well. Some days you just don't feel like being a carnivore and Cupini's can take care of that.The real surprise for many people walking into Cupinis is the shear volume of baked goods available. Supposedly, all the baked goods are made in house. Hard for me to tell, but I do know what I've had are delicious.    OK, here are some minor issues. Prices aren't the cheapest in town for the amount of food you get. This is a situation of quality over quantity. Which is cool, as long as the food stays consistency good and fresh. Parking can be spotty on weekends. Heck, weekday parking along Westport road can be tricky sometimes. Me personally, I love the neighborhood. Others have issues with Westport. It's not a bad area and families are indeed welcome in the neighborhood. You don't have to be a 20-30 yr old party animal to enjoy Westport.Forgot to mention the servers at Cupini's are quite good at what they do. Solid 4 stars for the service at Cupini's. If you've never been to Cupini's, do yourself a favor and get away from the suburban Italian chain restaurants and give them a look. I'd be shocked if you're disappointed. Enjoy.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,8/21/2013,123,254,,7,3>Because I have a pair of twin toddlers, "baby friendly" is high praise for my reviews.  So many restaurants make high chairs available, but not all restaurants really welcome babies.  Urban Table is very baby friendly, and I love them for it!  When I enter the restaurant with my toddlers, the staff is eager and prompt with providing high chairs.  The high chairs are in good condition, and the restaurant is clean enough to keep even first time mothers at ease with the safety of precious children.  And light and buttery croissants make for VERY happy babies!  For my part, I like to order the Norwegian.  Delicious smoked salmon, perfectly accompanied with onions, capers, cornichons and caper cream cheese on a lightly toasted bagel.  The iced tea is very nice.  Upon arriving, patrons order at the counter and find a seat.  The restaurant has ample seating, but finding a table can be a bit of a panic during a rush.  Water is available in a carafe on the table, and the cloth napkins are like tea towels (nicely absorbent and of good size; again, great for little guests!).  The restrooms are clean and efficient.  The servers are very friendly.  The menu offers several options, and the overlap of breakfast into the afternoon is quite generous (offered until 3pm).  I have enjoyed brunch and lunch at Urban Table, and I plan to return.  I have not yet experienced dinner here, but would definitely recommend a visit to Urban Table.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,8/20/2013,94,61,,11,6>A perfect spot for "summa, summa, summa timmmeee!" Located on 39th Street, Miami Ice offers frozen treats of all varieties including shaved ice, custard, scooped ice cream, smoothies and shakes. Their shaved ice flavorings are made with real cane sugar - no high fructose corn syrup here! - and range from pineapple to pink lemonade.What makes Miami Ice the coolest of them all? Their shaved iced comes with frozen custard on the bottom, which takes on a creamiscle effect mid-way through your cup. Favorite flavor combo so far: strawberry and pina colada. It combines perfectly with the vanilla custard and tastes very similar to a Miami Vice, coincidence? I think not.For ice cream, try the S'mores mixer - vanilla ice cream, marshmallow topping, chocolate syrup and crushed graham cracker. The guy behind the counter was the perfect guide after I walked in the door and announced I was a Miami Ice first-timer. I received great service after hearing from other Yelpers that it's sometimes lacking.At $2.75 for a sweet treat, I can definitely afford to be a repeat customer alllllll summer.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,8/19/2013,87,206,7,10,11>I did not grow up in an area where there were multiple fried chicken chains from which to choose.  If you wanted golden, crispy, on-the-bone goodness, and were not fortunate enough to hit up the local mom n' pop diner in a timely manner, KFC was your only choice.  Not so, in KC.  To paraphrase the Dos Equis guy, I don't always eat fried chicken, but when I do, I prefer Go Chicken Go.  The sides aren't gonna blow you away (Church's okra is where it's at, as are their honey biscuits), but no pasty mashed potatoes or store-bought doughy roll can tarnish the crispy, lightly battered glory of the chicken, here. I don't even EAT liver,ordinarily, but their chicken livers and hot sauce make me feel like I need to take a stand against iron deficiency anemia, and chow down for my own health (I'm sure my health is grateful for the peppery batter, hah).  The "snack pack" is more food than most people would ever need in one setting, and the little boxes keep the chow warm all the way home. I have to chuckle at the "OMG, it's a ghetto chicken hut, but it's soooo good" assessments, given that it's located single digit minutes from many a posh Plaza address, and sandwiched in between-ish UMKC and Rockhurst University.  No, I don't loiter in their lobby at 2 a.m.  I also don't loiter in squeaky clean suburban QuikTrips at 2 a.m., though.   It's a scrubby little fast food place where people don't really stick around for the atmosphere, they're just in and out to get seriously delicious chicken, but it's not a place I've felt frightened to be, by any means.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2013,8/18/2013,56,253,,6,4>I've read several awesome reviews about this place and had been wanting to come here for awhile.My husband and I came here for my birthday and it was a great choice! We had reservations, but we came at 6:30 on a Friday night so it wasn't packed yet. By the time we left, there were people waiting.We snagged a seat in the window area. I would not say that this is "intimate" in the romantic sense. Your tables are too close together to be too intimate. However, It is intimate because it is a small restuarant with a couple of servers who provide personal service.So, the food - We shared mussels for an appetizer, I had the salmon and my husband had the famous scallops. Everything was amazing. The drinks were great. Our server gave me a suggestion for a refreshing gin drink - my husband got a rec for a bourbon drink. The service was personable and efficient. Will we come back? Absolutely. The food, service and atmosphere were amazing. Give it a try!
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,8/17/2013,65,171,2,8,2>Back when we lived in California my in-laws would pack a suitcase full of McGonigle's meat and bring it out to us because we couldn't get good, affordable beef out there.  I'm glad that we're closer to Kansas City now since it started to get expensive with all those check-in baggage fees!Like many have already stated, the meat here is of a high quality.  We usually get beef and pork products here, but I'm sure that their chicken is fine.  I once got ground lamb and was a little bummed that it was frozen.  It didn't have a very gamey lamb smell, which concerned me (didn't know if I was given the right meat) but it was delicious and in the end, I enjoyed the lack of gaminess.   I've never asked where the meat comes from, but I trust that McGonigle's gets their stuff from reputable farmers.  The grocery selection is very nice, too--local beer, local dairy products, some local produce and the usual stuff that you'll need to make a meal to go with that delicious meat.We're also fans of the BBQ that is smoked outside of the main building--just as good as some of the BBQ joints in town.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,8/16/2013,222,511,2,11,4>One of my friends in Boston has been on a sushi kick. Every other day for the past few weeks, she's been going to one sushi place or another. I'm jealous. Really jealous. There are lots of good places there and everything here has been ok to really awful. Certainly nothing that would make me drive out of the way. And I *love* sushi.And then I found Mint. I was out in Lee's Summit with a friend and thought that my husband would be cooking dinner. On the way home, I call home and no miracles happened. He didn't cook dinner. So I pulled over, pulled out Yelp and tried to find something nearby that's good (I don't go to LS often so I wouldn't know). And this place called Mint had five stars. People were raving about the sushi. Normally I would have been really skeptical. Good sushi out in LS? But I was hungry. REALLY HUNGRY. So I went.It was in a strip mall but at this point, I've learned that out in the 'burbs, there are some really great places in strip malls. The inside reminded me of an Asian cafe. Like in Asia. Or Flushing. It had the bright green walls and pops of color typical in real Asian modern places. And the music. For me, it actually felt homey. And authentic.I ended up ordering the Crazy Salmon. It came out and was so beautifully displayed. I took a bite and it was really good! Ended up ordering an Alaskan and a spicy tuna. Spicy tuna is my test roll. It was all really good. One thing I really liked it that they put a spicy mayo design with fish eggs and tempura on the plate so I ended up dragging my rolls through that rather than the more traditional soy sauce/wasibi mix. Because it was so damn good.Service was ok. Not bad but not tremendous either. The staff was really nice, though but just didn't go out of their way. Still, they were nice and the food was terrific so I don't feel like I can dock stars there.The prices were fair for the area and there are lunch specials. There's also a Thai menu that I'd like to try. But I don't know if I'll get to that just because I love sushi and there's is so good!My only regret? That I didn't find this place sooner. Hands down best sushi in the KC metro area!
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,8/15/2013,421,655,,14,10>This is a treasure to a nation.  It absolutely rivals any museum on the mall in Washington DC and it should, as this is the only national museum and memorial recognizing the sacrifice of those in World War I.  This museum was designed with all ages in mind.  Younger kids may struggle with the excellent video presentations which occur twice during your visit.  First to give background and history of WWI prior to the entry of the United States into the conflict.  Then the second focuses the entry of the USA into WWI.  But the staff has activities for kids, check it out.The displays are phenomenal.  You walk the trenches of war as it would have felt in WWI.  There are tanks, planes and armaments to be seen.  There are uniforms, medals, gas masks and possessions to be reviewed.  There is a detailed timeline which you are presented during your journey.  Perhaps most engaging is the use of technology to bring you into the experience.  I feel the balance of its use is perfect.This is all enclosed in the original World War I memorial which was dedicated by President Calvin Coolidge.  The memorial itself is worth the visit.  There is an amazing mural, Panthéon de la Guerre, in the memory hall.  Also here you will find names of those from Kansas City who paid the ultimate price during the conflict.  The stone work is a work of art.  The two Assyrian Sphinxes guarding the entrance cover their eyes.  One faces East to the fields of war sheltering its eyes to the horror or war and one faces the West hiding its eyes to the unknown future.  The four spirits of peace can be seen high on the memorial's 217 foot tower representing the virtues of courage, honor, patriotism and sacrifice.  No visit to the memorial would be complete without a journey to the top of the tower.  From here you will have the best view of Kansas City.  You should plan on a full day here if you really want to engage in all the information the museum has to offer.  So make a day of it.  Get an amazing cup of coffee in the crossroads, then have lunch at Union Station and cap it off with dinner at Crown Center.  This is easily a full day of Kansas City sites and hidden treasure.  Just up the hill a bit further is the Federal Reserve which has a great display for the public.Not your average Cow Town... Clearly everything is up to date in Kansas City; however, we have not gone as far as we can go yet.  We keep evolving who we are...
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,8/14/2013,117,917,,6,6>The elusive five stars? YES! Yes, I have decided to give this place 5 stars. It was close, but the combo of great service, a nice/clean/bright restaurant, a unique (for KC) cuisine, and the overall excellence of the food...well, okay, maybe it wasn't so close. 5 stars, no doubt. I loved this place. Maybe it was because I have been wanting to come for a while, but I loved it. It was a beautiful Sunday lunchtime, and the few outside tables were full - bummer. But the inside was quiet, and we grabbed a seat right away. Menus came immediately, and drink orders were taken. Throughout the process, the two guys working traded off in perfect unison - things came quickly, but nothing was missed. They worked very well together.Drinks wise, my wife got a boring Diet Coke, but I got an awesome horchata. Absolutely awesome. And I believe you can get it with rum should you so desire, creating the deliciousness that is rumchata (whether they just add rum to their horchata (I assume) or use actually RumChata (I hope not) is still TBD). I once remember (well not really) a bachelor party that I went to being dragged down to the depths of hell thanks to RumChata, so I kind of want to enjoy its deliciousness again. Anyways, their horchata...delicious. On to the food - my wife got the Panes Rellenos, which was basically a delicious, fancy chicken sandwich, and was awesome. I got the sampler, so I could try a bit of everything. It was way too much food for lunch, but I devoured almost the whole thing. Everything on the plate was absolutely fantastic, fresh tasting, and full of flavor. My favorite was the pupusa, which is kind of like a cross between a quesadilla and a pancake. No matter what, it's awesome. I can't wait to come back.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,8/13/2013,118,260,4,5,4>There's a lot that needs to go into a review of an art museum like The Nelson and I don't think I'm worthy of trying... but i'll try anyway.Quick background: The Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art was modeled in architecture from the Cleveland Museum of Art and was built between 1930 and 1933 mostly with bequests from KC Star publisher William Rockhill Nelson and a former school teacher, Mary Atkins. The gallery of art started with about 0 pieces so curators built the collection from scratch. Timing was terrible for the sellers and fanfreakingtastic for the buyer because this was during a little time period we like to call The Great Depression - the art market was flooded with amazing pieces available for pennies on the dollar. That, ladies and gentlemen, is how a quiet little riverside trading post town ended up with a great art collection. Like most legit museums, The Nelson doesn't even show all or maybe even most of it's collection. They'll occasionally dust something off from the basement but what you see only scratches the surface of what they have, so visit often - there's always something new.They also have partnerships with other museums so you'll usually find traveling collections. This is how I've seen all three panels of Monet's Water Lillies, and how I'll see some great Picasso pieces this month. The Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art isn't just a great place to look at art, they offer talks, classes, films, performances, tours, meeting spaces and a restaurant that makes you feel like you're in a little outdoor courtyard.Oh, and most of it is free. Some special exhibits and programs cost something but even that is reasonably priced and there's lots to do for free. That doesn't mean you shouldn't offer something - give what you can. They make it easy with donation boxes in the museum and membership opportunities on their website.I would like to suggest a cutsey little acronym though. Most people refer to it as "The Nelson" and that's cool but it doesn't pay homage to Mary Atkins. So, we could go with NAMA like St. Louis' SLAM but that sounds weird. Certainly NAM doesn't work. Maybe that's why we call it The Nelson.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,8/12/2013,14,120,,6,3>This shop is wonderful for any mom that is interested in learning more about cloth diapering, baby wearing, and natural baby products. They carry so many brands that are hard to find unless you order online, and they are serious about educating their customers. They have cloth diaper trial programs where you can sign up and actually try out new cloth diapers before you buy them, they have free classes, and they are very friendly here without any snobbery or hovering over you while you shop.The store is cute and comfortable. Some products I noticed were Sophie The Giraffe, Bummis diapers and accessories, GroVia diapers, Puj bath accessories, Charlie's Diaper Soap, Ergo carriers, Baby K'Tan, and lots more. Yes, many of these brands are more expensive than what you will find at Target or Walmart, but the quality is high and the product prices are comparable to online retailers when you factor in shipping costs.If you're at all inclined to consider cloth diapering, or if you are shopping for a mom that likes natural products, you can't go wrong with a visit or gift card from this locally owned shop.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,8/11/2013,27,126,,6,3>Seva is delightful.  They offer a buffet, which is ideal when eating Indian food.  Why make a decision on one single entrée when you can sample them all at Seva?  The food is fresh and hot.  The strip-mall atmosphere is a little cold, but the warm hospitality makes up for it. The staff is so welcoming.  They stop by to offer hot appetizers as soon as you sit down.  They won't less your glass go unfilled.  They are happy to even fill your plate for you if you've stuffed yourself so full that you cannot make it back to the buffet yourself!  If you are ever in the Liberty area, Seva is a much try.  Don't forget to enjoy some of the coconut milk soup for dessert...delicious!
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,8/10/2013,553,763,,9,12>I was invited to come and take a tour.  I am always stalking pet adoption places, so this opportunity made my stalking feel legit.Normally I leave pet adoption places with a heavy heart.  Dogs in small cages with forlorn looks, cats sitting in their own litter boxes, the awful smells, the clanging cages....I hate leaving all these poor souls behind.  You will NOT feel this way leaving Great Plains.  This place is truly a clean, bright and happy place.  I might even feel bad taking a pet away from this wonderful environment.  Cats frolic in large apartment rooms with windows that look out to volunteers walking dogs.  Dogs are located in rooms that are separated according to dog size.  Outside, some lucky dogs frolic in the sunshine of clean and large pens.I even had a chance to visit the surgery center where a catch-neuter/spay-release program is in order for ferrel cats.  Cats new to the center and adoptable are kept in a pre-surgery room.  Did you know that Heartland offers veterinary care for your current pets?  Neither did I!  There is plenty of room and services available in this facility.Everything here is brand new and the CEO of the company designed the entire facility.  She has been in this business for many years with a background at Wayside Waifs.  She has created a loving and clean environment where salaried employees work alongside animal loving volunteers.Go there.  You might end up staying 5 hours, just like me.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,8/9/2013,75,200,,8,4>We ventured out to PnL for a concert recently, so we had low expectations on finding a decent place to grab dinner before the show. Everything was completely packed so we walked up and down PnL until we saw Providence. It was a bit confusing because we entered through this bar (that we assumed was part of the hotel) but then we successfully found our newest favorite restaurant at PnL. It was cozy and intimate but not too extravagant where you felt displaced wearing street clothes (as we were, remember we were going to concert!). Our server was SO incredibly nice. First: Check-in with your yelp app! You get a free order of Glazed Pork Belly and it was so amazingly delicious that you honestly have nothing to lose. For our main course, I ordered their Kobe style burger with regular fries and K had the meatloaf. When my order came out, they had accidentally sent it out with sweet potato fries and when I corrected them, with no hesitation they brought out a fresh batch of regular fries. No awkwardness, just an honest mistake that was fixed efficiently. For the record, both sets of fries were good! But my burger paled in comparison to Kenny's meatloaf. It was so tender and flavorful that it seriously felt like heaven with each. single. bite. The mashed potatoes were a great complement to the meatloaf. Ah, I can go on but I'll stop.Menu is reasonably priced so you can't really go wrong with the quality of service and food. Looking forward to seconds!
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,8/8/2013,146,179,3,7,7>Le Fou, Le Fou, how I le love you!  I really feel like I should be up front here, I love French everything.  Literally everything, except perhaps the beret, I just don't really get those.  This, of course, sets me up to love any French restaurant that is done well, and Le Fou Frog is done very well!  My most recent experience there was during Happy Hour, and let me tell you, I was very happy for much more than an hour!  We sat outside on their patio and enjoyed some bubbles and muscles as well as some frites.  Of course when you are doing happy hour at what is usually a quite expensive restaurant, you indulge.  We also had, all off of the happy hour menu, white wine, a cheese plate, and oysters on le half shell, magnifique!  The service is always good to great and where else can you expect to have a live musical performance by one or more of the staff during your meal.  Also, you can count on the owner (and I believe chef) coming by your table.  Of course the wine list is superb and their sprits are mixed into wonderful beverages. This is really an experience type of place, so I will just recommend that everyone go, now!  I also highly recommend trying the happy hour and get a taste of France!
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2013,8/7/2013,27,35,1,8,4>It is a shame that I have lived within walking distance of Tavern for a year and just now made it to dinner there. I do have my excuses: three little ones that share my last name; just doing my part to fund our collective Social Security. At any rate, Tavern is exactly like I hoped it would be: a nice fusion of rustic with a dose of upscale ambiance without veering into the pretentious zone. It is the type of place you see people you know from the neighborhood. I had the pork porterhouse which was quite good. The bed of andouille cheese hash that it rested upon and the sauce that had a hint of Tabasco complemented the dish very well. It was with chagrin that I had to eat the last few pork bites without the sauce as I had lapped it all up. Savor the sauce folks. Tavern rounds out the experience with attentive staff. The host even remembered my name when I was leaving which was a nice touch. I will be walking back very soon.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2013,8/6/2013,80,254,3,4,2>A yelper friend of mine suggested brunch at Magnolia's prior to my summer vacation, and I am so glad she did. The restaurant has two rooms, small and minimally decorated, but it gave the feeling of being in someone's cozy home rather than a sterile restaurant.  Our server was friendly and very handsome. Very.  Anyway, I ordered the red velvet waffles with a delicious cream cheese sauce. The waffles were a little dense but very tasty, and the portion size was huge! The waffles came with bacon,  a side of sweet potato hash, and eggs. I couldn't eat it all, though I really wanted to!My friend had the breakfast sandwich, and she allowed me to taste it. The homemade biscuit was phenomenal, savory and accentuated by fresh herbs and sharp cheese.  Serious yum!At our request, our server brought a small portion of grits for us to try, and they were also enjoyable. I can't wait to go back for dinner, and again for breakfast!
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2013,8/5/2013,23,59,,9,3>I've been up here a couple of times for meetup hikes and enjoying hiking through the park. There are baseball/soft ball fields, a playground, and soccer fields. The park does not have many marked trails, but there are cut paths that go through the area. In hikes there we've run across horseback riders and also groups taking their rescue dogs out for a walk. Lots of creek crossings and places to explore. Also, the park used to be private land so if you know where to look you will see old headstones dating back to the 1800s. If you are adventurous and have a good sense of direction, you could hike around for 8-10 miles.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,8/4/2013,44,213,,8,6>I've driven past EBT (named in honor of the departed department store in the downtown KC of old) at least 1000 times since moving to the area in the mid-90s.  To be honest, I've avoided going to dinner there because I've been told "it's for old people" or "it's a tired old restaurant that only caters to South KC blue hairs."  This couldn't be farther from the truth and a recent visit here, my first, was a very pleasant experience that solicits more thoughts about going back soon rather than continuing to blow it off for another 18 years. The inside of the restaurant is surprisingly modern with some cool old woods, aesthetically pleasing lighting, and a lot of mirrors. Although this joint is located inside of a bank, it's still a really cool setting.  The sound of a three piece jazz trio filled the air, playing requisite songs like Girl from Ipanema.  Wish we could have been seated in the "elevator shaft" tables, but they were already taken by the time we got there at 7:30. Our server did a wonderful job of giving us enough space and time to make a decision but still keeping us informed of special items and making us feel at home. My biggest advice to anyone dining here soon, get the caesar salad for two. The presentation was outstanding and Misty did a fine job of walking us through the steps of building the perfect salad. Garlic, pepper, lemon, balsamic vinegar, egg yolk (lightly steamed), Tabasco, Worcestershire, Parmesan, croutons, Romaine lettuce, and hold the anchovies makes for the best caesar salad I've had in recent memory. The entrees were good, but not great. The 12 ounce prime rib was well cooked and prepared, but the mashed potatoes were ho hum.  My wife's filet was also OK but laden with a delicious bernaise sauce that greatly improved its taste. Tip for your side item - swap to the bacon brussel sprouts - absolutely delicious. Overall, we were very impressed with both the quality of food and service. Our water glasses never went 1/2 full, plates were whisked away when finished, and the food was pretty darn good. Will definitely be back here soon to try some other items. Don't be fooled by the incorrect information about the patrons. EBT is top notch for anyone wanting a good meal at a pretty good price.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2013,8/2/2013,46,82,,3,6>It is a dive bar. It is open to any and everybody. If you like to people watch, this is where you need to be. It is like a box of chocolates, you never know what you are going to get. From almost hour to hour the bar can change identities. I think that is why I like it. It can go from a country bar, to a hip hop concert in two songs. Everyone is typically accepting of each other. I like that too! Most people are comfortable in their own skin, which helps when large amounts of alcohol are consumed.The food is standard bar food, but it's pretty good. They have daily specials that mostly are comfort foods, but I don't care where you go, you will not find them cheaper. Drink specials are even better. On Saturday, you can drink from 2-7 pm , all you can drink on tap for 9-12 dollars depending on the beer. What! Plus, to be able to get a salmon fillet OR a steak with two sides for under $9 - now tell me why you haven't been?
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,8/1/2013,32,104,6,4,2>I'm actually impressed with my willpower to avoid this place as often as I crave it. I love the Chorizo burrito, with cheese melted inside the tortilla, with black beans, rice, and hot salsa. The freebie chips are icing on the cake.In essence they are in direct competition with the Chipotle @ Power and Light, but why anyone in the River Market would support a chain over this locally owned gem is beyond me. If you're really hungry, and want to not be hungry again for 6-8 hours, give the Burrito Bros. a visit. If you're watching your figure, move along.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,7/31/2013,284,96,,8,7>Bier Station is such welcome relief from overcrowded and deafening bars. This is the kind of place you meet up with a friend, or get a group together and take over one of the Munich-style tables. Honestly, this is the way I wish the majority of bars are, as it serves as more of a neighborhood hangout.The tap list is always revolving, which allows you to branch out and try something new each time. The food does not revolve, and that's great because everything I have tried is worth being on the menu full time. (Bavarian pretzel + Brat w/brie and apple slices)Riding my bike up here on a warm night reminds me of the slow and easy pace of a college town in the summer, and this is a welcome addition to the area that's going to continue to attract a good crowd as the word gets out.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,7/30/2013,155,128,,5,4>Yummy burgers!I wanted to try something new for lunch a few days ago...boyfriend and I seem to go to the same places every time we would go out.  So, I suggested we try this burger place - he'd mentioned it once before.We wandered in around 1:30pm and were seated immediately...although seating was somewhat sparse and industrial, it was a comfortable setting.  The food was excellent (for burgers!).  Boyfriend ordered Bison Burger and I had the Blanc Burger, without a bun.  They were excellently cooked (perfect medium!) and well seasoned.  We also managed to get a Yelp check-in freebie, the Fire Fires.  OMG they were amazing.  Of course, I also love spicy, so that probably contributed to why I  liked them. Blanc also has an excellent and diverse selection of beers (which we choose not to answer) and specialty sodas, of which boyfriend ordered the Jones Cream soda.  Only downside, a bit pricey for burgers; but as they are specialty burgers...can't really complain all that much.Overall, service was excellent...although I have to say it seemed like our server was a little confused...maybe he was new?  Overall, an excellent place for burgers and brew!We already have plans to try their special Monday night Date Night menu!
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,7/29/2013,115,89,7,15,2>I didn't go to the dentist for a LONG TIME. I don't want to tell you exactly how long, because it's slightly embarrassing. And it wasn't because I couldn't afford it, or anything like that. It was just that, after so long away, I figured that there would be a ton of stuff to do and I didn't want to invest the time (well, and technically the money too, I guess). That was stupid of me. But then I atoned for my stupidity by finding an awesome dentist: Dr. Mingos and Friends, or whatever this place is called. (I've never actually seen Dr. Mingos--he may or may not even be real. I go to Dr. Beard and he is outstanding.) I started going here in April of last year because I was having constant headaches and toothaches (I'd never had a toothache before--they're pretty awful). I thought it had something to do with my front teeth (that's the science name for them). Turns out--even though I didn't initially believe the diagnosis--it was the pressure from my WISDOM teeth causing the pain. See, I'd had the wisdom teeth basically in and through the gums for quite a while, so the fact that they were JUST NOW causing these other problems didn't make sense. (Note: the dentist is much smarter about your teeth than you are). So Dr. Beard said, "we've gotta take those out, posthaste!" (I don't think he said posthaste--he's like, 30 years old.) But he DID say, "we can either do it here--you'll take a pill but not be out, or we can schedule you with an oral surgeon at a hospital, and they can put you under." Since I was deciding to establish a relationship with this new dentist, I said, "you do it, doc!" And the next thing I know, he's wrestling four of my wisdom teeth out while I looked at the ceiling and tried not to concentrate on the sawing and ripping sounds. But I swear to God, it didn't hurt a bit and it went very, very well. And from that April day, I began this sick sort of regiment with the office. I went back for two sessions of root scaling and gum planning, whatever the hell that is. I went back once for a cleaning.I went back for another cleaning. Oh, I had THREE sessions where I got 6 cavities filled. Another cleaning. By the end of the year, my insurance was maxed out and I was paying out of pocket. But since my insurance is really, really good, I still only spent a grand total of like, $500 there last year. For ALL of the stuff I mentioned. NOW THAT'S WHAT I CALL SAVINGS.The great thing is that everyone there is crazy-friendly. It's casual, too, because it's in a log cabin, AND they have fantastic hours for a dentist's office. They have two nights during the week where they're open until 7pm, and they're open for 8 hours on Saturday, I think. That's accessibility, and that's what initially sold me. These guys do great work. If you're in need of a dentist, I'd HIGHLY suggest checking them out. They're in a log cabin--what more could you possibly want?@StanfordWhistle
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2013,7/28/2013,73,173,1,5,2>My review is based on brunch, and it was a fabulous experience!Five of us girls ended a bachelorette weekend by dining here on a Sunday morning.  We were promptly seated and our server came over with water right away.  We opted for the bottomless mimosas.  $11 well spent!  One of the girls decided she wanted a bloody mary, which was amazingly delicious.  Our drinks came out fairly quickly.I thought the brunch food options were really good, and I actually had trouble deciding what I wanted.  Luckily, one of my friends had difficulty choosing as well so we decided to share two different things.  We went with the croque madame and the biscuits and gravy.  The croque madame was good, but not that big.  The biscuits and gravy were awesome!  The chorizo made the gravy.  I would have licked the plate clean if I wasn't in public.  Another girl enjoyed her french toast and the two other girls both got the Harvest Benedict, which they both loved!  The veggies were definitely fresh.  Our server was friendly and attentive, but the problem was that there is only one pitcher of mimosas for all the servers to share.  So if our glasses went empty, we had to wait for our server to get his hands on the pitcher.  It was kind of ridiculous for an all you can drink brunch.  One pitcher...seriously?!Louie's Wine Dive is a cute spot and a great addition to Waldo.  It's unpretentious and offers up good food at reasonable prices.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,7/27/2013,56,203,,5,4>Kansas City is so lucky to have Boulevard.Yes yes, it's beer (and really good beer,) but I love what how they reach out and interact with the community. In this case, it's how Boulevard opened its doors and offered my friend and I (along with others) the mother of all brewery tours.It's called The Unfiltered Tour and it was one of the coolest things I've ever been a part of.We began, beer in hand, being led by the Vice President of Sales of all people, for roughly two hours through the different tanks and bins in the brewery, the cooling filtration system, some office space, a meeting space (which can be rented out, if you're into that that sort of thing), bottling and labeling, etc... . Did I mention that while this is going on we're being offered and sampling different Boulevard brews? Oh I didn't? Well we were. Plus our tour guide was offering interesting tid bits, quirky stories and funny anecdotes about life in the brewery over the past 15 years or so. (Our guide told us a real cool story about the beginnings and continuings of Terra Incognita.) We literally got to see about all of the brewery for the most part at our own leisure and then got to try some additional brews in the serving room.The Unfiltered Tour does cost $20, but it's so worth it. In fact they should probably charge more.  Please trust me and block off about two hours or so of your day for this tour. You won't regret it.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,7/26/2013,49,99,3,7,5>I love the Starlight. It is hands down my favorite venue in KC. If you get a chance to see a band that takes your breath away it is somewhat magical to be under the stars and hear your favorite song being belted out. I've seen two concerts at the Starlight. One was a few years back in the fall for Tori Amos. The most recent was a couple weeks ago for Sigur Ros. The fall show had better weather, but both shows had excellent sound and will forever remain engraved in my head as top nights ever. The staff at the Starlight are always so helpful and friendly. The concessions are expensive, but what venue doesn't have expensive concessions? Plan ahead, or don't buy them. Ticket prices vary. The tickets for Tori Amos a few years back were cheap, but my Sigur Ros tickets were a little pricey. Worth it, but pricey. You will probably have to pay for parking if you are going for an event so bring some cash before you even pull into the parking lot. One thing I really love about the Starlight is that even when I have seats further back you still feel like you have decent seating. For more intimate shows they don't usually sell out the back portion of the venue making it feel more close and homey. My only tip would be to bring a blanket if the weather is any bit questionable. I froze my toosh off at the Sigur Ros show. I brought a jacket, but really wished I a) didn't have an end seat (so I could soak up others body heat) and b) had brought my snuggie.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,7/25/2013,28,134,4,4,4>A friend of mine recently had a birthday party here. They were nice enough to section off a portion of the bar for us. The drinks were by in large AMAZING. I tried every whiskey/bourbon cocktail on the menu and they were all delicious. I'd tell you which ones...but...after 5 or 6 it got a little hazy. I didn't order any food but I heard from people who did that it was pretty good. The food prices seemed a bit steep but the drink prices were pretty in line for what you were getting.The service was top-notch (shout out to Andy!). Our server managed to keep all of our orders straight even though there were 20 of us constantly moving around (he was even able to remember what couples were together). All in all this is a fun little place with a great atmosphere. I will definitly be back at a time when I can actual sit down at a table to enjoy the piano player that they have. We couldnt' really hear him from where we were but he did seem to be getting a good reception from the other patrons.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,7/24/2013,136,81,,5,2>Dr. Page is fantastic. After struggling for years to find a Chiropractor in KC who I felt was 1. Effective 2. A good listener 3. Trustworthy  and 4. Not creepy -Dr. Page is finally the doc I will return to time and time again when I need a doctor to  work out my issues. I feel like the new trend in Chiropractic care is super trendy cool offices where you are not sure if you should be ordering a cocktail or getting your back adjusted. I have gone to other places and while the decor was swanky and modern the Doctor didn't hold a candle to Dr. Page. While his digs are more humble his method of medicine is top notch. While at some chiropractors you can tell they are just going through the same motions and techniques of treatment with every patient, Dr. Page is the first doctor that really, really listened to my issues, asked tons of questions, took lot's of time and I felt was really committed to not letting me leave his office still in pain. He combined very intense deep massage and adjusting for a rib head issue I had leaving me in extreme pain.  He is truly in touch with the human body and has such a wonderful, calming and trustworthy bedside manner. He did not try to get me to come back 4 more times that week, he legitimately just wanted me to feel better. When I made the appointment he also spent a good amount of time with me recommending at home things I could do to feel better before I saw him. How many doctors do that?! I knew I was in the right hands. Really really happy I found this great chiropractor. Also, while his office is on the Plaza parking is a breeze! So easy, there is a parking lot under his office for the buildings patience. I have definitely found my Chiropractor in KC.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,7/23/2013,24,180,5,5,7>In my callow, feckless youth, I spent a lot of time at The Brick seeing bands and drinking beer. And I can confirm that as a band-seeing, beer-drinking establishment, it's top-notch, especially since most of the other places where I used to pursue such activities have closed.However, if you've gotten old and tired like I have, you should also consider The Brick as a great place to eat superb bar food and, well, drink beer. (Some things translate regardless of age and energy level.)There's not a ton on the menu that you're not going to find in other places, but the way it's prepared at The Brick is a cut above. Burgers, dressed-up hot dogs, wings, chili, all are great. (With the hot dogs, burgers, and chili, they also have meatless versions for your vegetarian dining companions.) The mixed drinks are also creative and tasty.I will especially call out one menu item: the Hot Mess. A pile of the best tater tots you'll ever have, covered with beans and cheese and jalapenos and other delicious, amazing things. There is very little wrong in your life that a Hot Mess won't cure.I would tell you to come on the last Tuesday of the month for cheap tacos, beer, and bingo, but I never win at bingo and you may ruin my chances.The Brick is as comfortable as a warm hug from a friend. It doesn't get much better than this.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,7/22/2013,146,555,2,5,5>We went to Red Door to celebrate 3 birthdays and we LOVED this place.5 of us had burgers and the meat is amazing. It is short rib, brisket and chuck all ground together and cooked perfectly. My husband and my brother ordered the Remedy, my sister-in-law & 1 friend ordered Porky's Revenge, I had the plain Jane and the other friend had a salad, chicken wings and tacos.All the burgers were cooked to each of our specifications and was scrumptious. The fries were very good and you get a ton.Ryan are server was fabulous. He was helpful, informative and extremely funny. We all ordered our drinks and food. Our 1st round of drinks came out and we were just sitting and talking. We ordered another round and were just chilling out enjoying the atmosphere and a manager came over. He apologized for our food taking so long, we all just stared at him, we didn't think it had been that long. We tend to have a couple drinks then eat. He stayed and talked awhile his name is Joe and he was also very friendly and funny.One of the guys had gone to the restroom and apparently there is a menu of drinks and cigars. Which is brilliant marketing. My brother ended up ordering 2 cigars to go.We ate our food and enjoyed the staff and the atmosphere which is laid back, clean and friendly. They brought out donuts and and ice cream for the birthdays and the prices were great. We excepted to pay twice what we did. We will be back often. The only thing that was disappointing and I wouldn't ding them a star for this was when one of my friends and I went to the restroom there were 2 waitress in one stall discussing something in Spanish very loudly. A female manager was also in the restroom that apparently just came in to use it. Saw us each waiting to use the restroom and called the two waitresses out by their name and said they need to leave since people were waiting to use the restroom.They came out and both apologized to us and the manager, washed their hands and left. They manager apologized again for them and then left. Apparently they were just having a bad day. So that would not detour me from going back. Great place and Great food.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,7/21/2013,28,124,2,4,3>This place sorta has a long history for only being open about five years.  Needless to say they have worked out their kinks, their menu, their chefs, and have become a solid burger joint/pub to enjoy.  They have the best sweet potato fries in town and for a better deals than the burger stand at the cashbah offers.  The sliders are good and I personally prefer the classic burger. The chipotle ketchup is the best.  The seating has more to be desired. They do have a great outdoor patio in the back for warmer days.  Service is not perfect, but I will say this: tonight my fries were burnt and we told our waiter this.  Not only was our order replaced but she took it off the tab. This is the first time a restaurant has not made me pay mess up on their part.  Thank you dempseys!Tuesday is half price burgers for students - that made this grad student exceedingly happy.  Tonight I had the best experience I had since they first opened in 2008 and I'm ecstatic. Thanks dempseys!  Looking forward to even better days to come.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,7/20/2013,52,67,3,9,5>I'm pretty sure I found the best damn breakfast in Kansas City at Jerry's. A co-worker told me I had to try it, so following this year's Easter Keg Hunt we hit it up. It's a small, no frills diner. There are about a dozen old tables, with matching old chairs. This isn't some corporate chain, it's owned by the man working the grill, Jerry.The menu is full of all sorts of wonder and combinations you're only going to find at Jerrys. I was warned before ordering that the portions are ginormous, so come hungry, or order a half size like I did (it was still huge). I ordered the Big Alex (Texas Toast, ccorned beef hash, hashbrowns, eggs, american cheese, and smothered in gravy). My taste buds had an orgasm. My coworker had the Big John which is the same as the Big Alex only has sausage instead of corned beef hash.It was INCREDIBLE. The value is superb to. My half order and cup of coffee had me paying something like $6 and change. I will defintely be hitting this place up again and would recommend it to anyone who wants a real breakfast.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,7/19/2013,8,47,3,6,5>Dig it!I've been on a catfish quest for awhile now, and have tried a couple of the local spots. Truth is, both (Mad Jacks & Lufti's) used the same breading....cornmeal with a lot of pepper. That is a slight bummer, because the fried catfish of my youth, which I'm clearly trying to recapture, is the cornmeal with lots of salt. The addition of pepper isn't my favorite.That said, I dig this place. For people who only are comfortable in Town Center in Leawood, you might not dig this place. It is a bit City, thought it's near Brookside. You can tell that from the photos posted on Yelp. BUT if you can put on your big girl pants, you WILL be rewarded. It's a clean space. Great service. Friendly people. Fresh fish. An older woman across the aisle from me even struck up a conversation about catfish. We are both fans. Amen.So. Venture out. Do all the uncomfortable things, which is the only way they will become comfortable. Support this and other individually-owned places. Check out different neighborhoods. Challenge yourself. Find the gems in all parts of the city. For Troost.....this is one of the gems!  Good stuff!
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2013,7/18/2013,27,137,,7,3>Man, I really do love this place.  No frills, very clean space, prep area (you can watch them put together your order), nice & friendly staff and I LOVE the Thai Chicken Salad.  I've taken friends here and they love it just the same as I do.  When you step in the door, it's usually a little crowded but there is still good space between tables and such.  I tend to go at lunch time so that's part of it too.  But, despite the crowd, the area where you get silverware, napkins, soda, etc.. is always pretty clean.  When you step up to put in your order, I've never had an issue with my odd order; Thai Chicken Salad, only slaw, no lettuce (which they call green, lol)  It's a great blend of shredded cabbage, bean sprouts, grilled chicken, a little bit of shredded cheese and the yummiest honey siracha sauce EVER! I use every drop of the container.  I've watched how they put things together and they don't seem to use any extra oils, butters, etc.  The chicken is simply grilled and always moist.  Once it arrives in my hands, I dive in slowly and savor the great flavors.  It's also HUGE.  I eat it for two to three lunches... and it stays crunchy the next days too.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,7/17/2013,516,731,3,4,4>Long story short: wonderful restaurant, wonderful meal, wonderful chef!!!Long story long:After a couple weeks of deliberation and a couple months of planning and waiting, I decided to bring my girlfriend here for our 1 year anniversary.  I had peaked her interest in this restaurant because I am a big follower of Top Chef and had mentioned it several times in the course of our relationship.  I wanted it to be a surprise, so I simply just told her when to be ready.  I picked her up and we drove over.  As we pulled up, she realized where we were and exclaimed "what?  no way!!"It was a Monday night, so I wasn't expecting the restaurant to be very busy.  The decor was minimal and simple.  Sometimes, you want to let the food do the talking and not be overly concerned with the little details of the appearance of the restaurant.Our server came by and took our beverage orders: just water ;)  We took a few minutes to look over the menu, in which I wanted half of, and when our server returned and realized our indecisiveness, recommended we get the 3 courses for $30, that we each get something different as to maximize the dishes we would try.My girlfriend decided to get the Chinese fried chicken with sesame aioli as her appetizer, the Campo Lindo chicken "coq au vin" with mashed potatoes, and carrots, though she substituted broccolini, and then the vanilla bean cheesecake with orange caramel.  I went with the house-made sausage with creamed caraway cabbage for my app, the pork shoulder, with shaved fennel and apple slaw, fennel puree, and apple cider gastrique for my entree, and brown sugar bread pudding with bourbon anglaise for dessert.Our appetizers came and both were pretty good.  The chicken is a little reminiscent of popcorn chicken that you'd see at a bubble tea place (at least at the places in CA), and the sesame aioli was good.  I really liked my sausage and the creamed cabbage was good.  I couldn't get my girlfriend to try the cabbage, but she liked the sausage as well.Our entrees came and these were just really great as well.  Her chicken was really tender and the potatoes and sauce really complimented it well.  My pork shoulder, which seemed to be a block of compressed meat that is then seared.  It was really good and the fennel and apple slaw was a very nice crisp to the pork.  Overall a really good dish.On to dessert.  Her cheesecake was light and fluffy, and the caramel really good.  My bread pudding was just right, and while I wish the portion was a little bigger, it was just the perfect way to end the meal.Service was spot on with our waters never being empty and our server (who I ashamedly have forgotten the name of) was super nice and really helpful.Owner/Chef Celina Tio was in the house, and really with only one other table the entire time we were there, she came by to say hi and thank us for coming in.  She was super nice and was more than willing to engage in conversation.  She was grateful enough to sign a menu and take a picture with us.I would totally come back!!!
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,7/16/2013,144,123,9,5,6>Based on the chicken alone this is going to get 5 stars. Its divey, its smokey, if you sit inside and eat you'll smell like smoked chicken for a while, but it smells so good I'm thinking of starting a line of cologne "El Pollo Rey Smoked Chicken". I think it would sell.The parking lot even smells great, when I first walked in I saw what looked like a campfire burning with a grill on top. Which is basically what they use to cook their chicken. Its a big grill fed with logs and the top is covered in chicken parts... yummy, beautiful chicken parts. They start on the grill raw then turn to pieces of gold when finished. This chicken is good enough I think KC will start using it as currency in the future so you better go and stock up.The sides are decent, they are there to compliment the chicken, not take the spotlight and they do just that.I will be back.Also, don't order a taco, they look at you like you're a retard because all this place sells is chicken, you either get a whole chicken or a half chicken. That small sign with 3 options is actually the menu, there isn't a secret way to order, you either get some badass chicken, or you don't and cry yourself to sleep.Edit: If you eat here DO NOT throw the trash away in your home or office because it'll make you hungry ALL day and you'll have chicken withdrawals and HAVE to go back the same day to get more.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2013,7/15/2013,74,287,,6,5>After this afternoon's Heartland Men's Chorus concert a friend and I decided to have dinner at the nearby Cafe Gratitude in the Crossroads.  The restaurant occupies an old building on Southwest Blvd. near Broadway and is decorated in a pleasant mix of urban chic and hippy funk.  The menu is vegan.  The service is friendly.  The choice of ingredients is somewhat restricted.  Cafe Gratitude seems to be striving for numerous raw and gluten-free dishes, so that limits the ingredients available to them.  I also don't recall seeing anything made with soy on the menu, except maybe a dash of soy sauce.My friend ordered the daily special salad, which looked generous and which she said she enjoyed.  I ordered the CLT sandwich, their version of a veggie-burger, served on a nice, firm, sesame-topped bun.  I couldn't really see much of the patty -- it was covered with a heap of tasty coconut flakes seasoned with chipotle and other flavors.  They were yummy and are also available as a side dish!  The sandwich was accompanied by a side salad, a standard mix of mesclun dressed with a nice sharp vinaigrette.  For dessert we split a slice of a chocolate coconut cheesecake-like confection that was flavorful and somewhat lighter-textured than I thought it would be from its appearance.  It was a nice finish to a nice meal.  Service is relaxed but efficient and the waitstaff seems to be knowledgeable about the food and how it's made.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,7/14/2013,57,364,3,4,1>Ordered 6 pies for carry out one weekend to feed a crowd. The prices are reasonable and the pies were ready when promised. Timing was really perfect, they had just rolled out of the oven and we watched the last one slide into it's box. Our order was filled accurately, everything was just the way we had requested it. Staff was friendly.I didn't realize this was thin crust pizza. Had I known that, I might not have ordered from them at all. I mean, it's a Chicago themed biz. Chicago does NOT do thin! Turns out, the crispy crust was just what I never knew I wanted. Toppings were fresh and generous. Try the Italian sausage, it's awesome.Glad I found you Pizza Man.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,7/13/2013,47,54,3,6,4>After hunting for a Thai restaurant closer to my home yet equally as delicious for months, I finally found somewhere in the same league. However, I've tried a good 7 Thai restaurants after trying Sweet Siam, and this place is still, without a doubt, the absolute best around! I suggest the coconut cake(if you don't order it even as a take-out item you're doing yourself an injustice, it's seriously the BEST CAKE EVER!!) and the Spicy Coconut Soup- legendary (not even exaggerating!) And for the entrees, anything I and my fellow diners have tried has been AMAZING! (For the record, I don't use cap lock lightly... it really is that great.)If you like Thai, or if you like good food, this place will charm the taste buds off of you, pinky promise!!!!
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,7/12/2013,21,97,3,5,4>When I first moved to KC, I went to McCoy's a couple of times and was like, "Yeah, whatever.  McCoy's."  In the past few months, I have - literally - been at McCoy's at least twice a week.  It has become a go-to place for post-work drinks with friends.  If we're meeting up to go out, we meet at McCoy's for a drink first.  Too tired to cook?  Let's just go to McCoy's.Here's how this happened (besides it being close to my house):1. It's VERY reasonably priced.  Cocktails, beers, food, everything is priced exactly right.2. Several great options for vegetarians (although they all still lament the demise of the portabello sandwich.  McCoy's: Please consider bringing this sandwich back so that my vegetarian friends will SHUT THE MATH UP about it). 3. Friendly staff - we have several favorite servers, but they're all dear and sweet and alert and are just GREAT SERVERS.  This is so rare in KC.  Whoever is training your staff is DOING IT RIGHT.4. It's not too loud.  It's basically a sports bar that doesn't feel like a sports bar, and they keep their media levels at a totally manageable volume /oldladyrant5. Great bar food.  No, really.  GREAT bar food. I crave their weird mozzarella disks all week long.  Also, the pretzel appetizer = cracklike. Anyway, McCoy's went from being "Meh" to receiving, like, 25% of my monthly take home pay just by being reliably great.  Not a single complaint.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,7/11/2013,339,655,,5,3>I've never reviewed a hospital before, but this is a first (and hopefully last).I had the occasion recently to have sinus and deviated septum surgery. From start to finish, the hospital highly impressed me. This is a relatively new and modern building. As you walk from the doctor's office to the hospital wing, you are greeted art in every corridor. Dismiss the sterile white walls of your grandma's hospital, we're in the 21st century folks! We're not talking just prints here, but actual original works of art from ceramic pottery, to blown glass, etc. Very bright and cheerful hallways, too. There is a bit of bureaucracy here, but it has it's method and is clearly explained. You hit up admitting where you fill out some paperwork and then they send to you to pre-surgery where you get to meet some of the team that will operate on you. I got to meet with a nurse, an anesthesiologist, and perhaps another person or two. Very friendly folks who were quite thorough and answered all my questions. They even handed me a booklet (think large FAQ) with a hot-line number. It's been some years since I had real surgery (mid 90s), so I was impressed with how customer friendly they are. What also changed was that they recommend that you limit your shaving right before surgery and use antibacterial soap as MSRA is a common enough problems in hospital and they are quite anxious to prevent infections that may attack those little cuts. They also told me to make sure to have a pillow in the car and a puke bucket just in case, post anesthesia, I'm not feeling so well. GREAT IDEAS FOLKS! These are the sort of things that they never warned you about years ago. Surgery day comes and I hit up the surgery office. They sign me in and assign me and my wife id #'s to protect privacy. They indicated that my wife could check the plasma board to see what progress is going on with my operation. COOL! Within minutes of my intake, I get whisked away with my wife staying in the waiting room. I quickly get surrounded by lots of staff including my surgeon. It's a friendly crew mixed with some students and some professionals. I'm rather sure it was a student who had a very hard time getting the IV in me, but it didn't hurt and they apologized and knew when to ask someone more senior for help. I couldn't believe that almost a dozen staff members were there for little old me! No wonder surgery is EXPENSIVE! Before I know it, they have me hooked up to the IV and I ask if my wife can come in. She gets to say her goodbyes as they are ready for me already (very efficient those folks) and I'm off to the OR and don't remember a thing except waking up.The post OR experience is a bit fuzzy for obvious reasons, but I was well taken care of and wasn't nauseous at all. Do you know what I'll take away from this experience? Although KU Med is a teaching hospital, they are doing so many things RIGHT and they will graduate many amazing nurses, doctors, and techs. The staff from lowly janitor to surgeon knows how to treat a patient, hesitates to do harm (such as causing pain), and prepares so well for surgery. It's like clockwork in the digital and privacy age and great for family members as well (they are kept up to date via the Plasma or by the staff). My surgeon came out to meet my wife and give her an update. Parking is a breeze where you pay $2 validated parking in the covered garage or do street parking (which I typically am able to find). It's also close to the highway and main roads. There are decent restaurants nearby and my wife tells me the cafe is pretty decent and inexpensive.I recently had the occasion to help a family member with surgery in Boston and they weren't as engaging (staff wise), had sterile outdated and ugly facilities, and didn't have screens updated with the status of the patient. Everything seemed dated to the 1970s and doctors were always in a rush and less concerned. Parking was difficult and quite expensive as well. Phone & wifi connectivity was spotty or non existent. The comparison between the two facilities is quite dramatic!Let's hope the day does not pass where I need to return, but if I need to be operated on again, I'm rooting for KU!
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,7/10/2013,35,66,3,8,3>This place is one of those 39th Street treasures!  It is locally owned and one of those stores you can find something for everyone in.  I went to grab a birthday card for my parents and ended up buying a lot of people little gag gifts, nick knacks, and hilariously vulgar cards!  They have things out of the ordinary that you would not excpect to be in a quant little store on 39th.  So glad they are there!  Here's to many more years on 39th Street and the most vulgar/funny cards I can find to give to people who have a sense of humor!
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,7/9/2013,24,65,8,17,12>$10=great price for 2 movies. $5=not a great price for a bag of popcorn.This place is such a GREAT DATE NIGHT!They are the only drive-in theater in the US with a 4K projector system (4K means 4 times the resolution of 1080p, which is the current high definition picture), and you can tell by the quality of the picture and its ample brightness. They broadcast the movie through an FM radio transmission so you can play audio through your car system if you so desire (I do, cause my system kicks ass ;-P  ). You can bring anything you want; food, booze, lawn chairs, speakers, silent animals, and even children (just keep them quiet too!). Children under a certain age are FREE (I think the cutoff is 12 years old). Before the movie, they pan the audience with a camera which is shown on the big projection screen. Sounds silly, but the kids seem to love it.This place has been in operations for decades, you can tell because they have a lot of original stuff (which to me looks like it's from the 50's). The owner still works there, and must be at least 75. He is awesome. He greets people at the entrance and has a great sense of humor.And finally... (I put this at the bottom hoping people stopped reading by this point) I would recommend parking in the very front row for the best experience. It's more a private viewing experience, even amidst the crowd, and there aren't rows of distractions or people smoking in front of you. Also, the screen does not seem to be too big from the front row, and it DOES seem too small from the further back rows. In order to secure a good spot in the front, I would plan to arrive a minimum of 30 minutes before showtime. If you all take my advice and steal all of the front row spots from me, I will be angry, which is why this is the last part of my review. You're welcome!
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,7/8/2013,54,211,,6,3>It seemed to take me forever to get here for the first time, and now I'm the duchess!Snow & Co. takes the frozen daiquiri machine concept and elevates it into the craft cocktail realm, with some really tasty results-high end cocktails with the fun of an Icee! And the best thing is that you don't have narrow it down to one or two-my favorite thing to do is order a flight of three...or get more and share. They've slushed two of my favorite drinks-the Manhattan (they call it the Rockefeller here) and the gin Gimlet (embellished here as the Limey Bastard). And Christopher Elbow's Sexual Chocolate...well, let's just say it's very well named. And lest you think it's too cold now to come here, they have several hot toddies that'll give you a nice warm glow!We ate here for the first time yesterday during Restaurant Week. What a DEAL! Two salads and two sandwiches for $15! I couldn't believe the freshness of the salad greens, for January. The mayo-less chicken salad wrap was very good, and the Turkey/Havarti and Ham & Swiss were also well received. All came with kettle-cooked potato chips.Service is friendly and prompt, and the decor reminds me of somebody's really cool loft living room on steroids. Unfortunately there's no room for outdoor seating, but they do have a garage door that can be opened once the weather turns nice. Believe me, I'll be there!
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,7/7/2013,165,132,6,9,9>Truth be told, we were on a hunt for donuts. Our shop happened to be sold out and we were striking out with the other bakeries nearby.  ((Cue dramatic music)) It seemed that all hope was lost, when we saw a shining beacon of hope. We had arrived at Smallcakes. The young lady at the counter was friendly and outgoing. She explained how the shop works. They have several varieties that rotate through out the week.   There is a handy menu board that shows what they are offering, day-by-day.   The shop was clean and tidy with several small tables to sit and enjoy your treats. We decided on four different cupcakes on this visit. The Fat Elvis:  banana cake with peanut utter frosting and a dollop of fudge. Red velvet:  a traditional red velvet cupcake with cream cheese frosting. Chocolate with pink cream cheese frostingMaple Bacon:  maple cake with bacon baked through out, topped with maple frosting and bacon slices.The cupcakes were all moist and fluffy. They were delicate and light.  The flavor combinations were spot on.  Maple bacon. Seriously.Overall this was THE BEST cupcake I've ever had. We go to another cupcake shop in the Rivermarket, and so far this is the ONLY shop that can hold a candle to them. If I could offer and constructive feedback, it would be that the frosting was a tad bit too sweet for me. But that's just me being nit picky. Next time I'll cut all that sweet goodness with a cup of black coffee.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,7/6/2013,89,62,,6,4>I can't say enough good things about this salon. It's in a great location in the middle of downtown, with a warm and cozy yet loft-like ambiance that lends itself to everyone feeling comfortable inside. Luther and all the other staff greet everyone with a smile and immediately offer beverages upon arrival. While I've had a couple stylists there over the years due to out-of-state relocation, I've never been unhappy when I walked out.Which, by the way, when you walk out you're offered a piece of candy to sweeten the rest of your day.They often have sales on products or promotions going on and also offer referral bonuses, but I'd refer friends here even without those perks. Excellent salon all around.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,7/5/2013,55,64,8,5,7>Kill Devil is definitely a good time. The atmosphere is dark and intimate, but is often livened up by an awesome jazz band. The walls are all wood paneling, the seats are spacious, fancy rugs cover the floors, and the waitresses walk around in flapper dresses. It's the perfect place to go when you want to have a good time but don't want to trip over slop tarts at P&L. And the bartenders work fast and furiously so you don't sit there waiting forever for a drink. Here's a fun fact. "Kill devil" was actually a name for rum hundreds of years ago (Now don't you feel smarter).  So of course this place offers a wide variety of the adult beverage. However, do not let the fact that you don't like rum get in the way of you coming here. They do, after all, have other drinks as well.Disclaimer:  I have nothing against slop tarts. It is my firm belief that downtown KC would not be the same without them.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,7/4/2013,117,117,,9,3>So the "Dad Van" was in a FORD (Fix Or Repair Daily or Found On Road Dead) state and I needed to have it towed to a mechanic.  I came across Class on a reccomendation from a friend.  They charge about half what the other services charge (they don't charge milage).  On route to a mechanic, I found they also have a garage that does repair.  The did my fuel pump $50 less than the mechanic I was going to and had it done in a few hours which amazed me as they had to drop my gas tank.I know tow services are something no one wants to ever think about needing, but if you do I would highly reccomend Class.  They are on time, professional, friendly, and very cost effective.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,7/3/2013,52,79,,7,7>OH MA GOODNESS!!! They had me at salsa bar!! This place is amazing!! Ever since I moved to the KC area I've been looking for that one Mexican joint to remind me of my years there in high school and oh boy have I found it!  The tacos are amazing and the salsa bar, complete with cilantro, chopped onions, diced radish, lime wedges and delicious salsa makes it feel for like home.  $1 tacos Tuesdays have never been so amazing and what makes it even better... they're normally only $1.50.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,7/2/2013,153,77,,4,6>A+ (for a dive bar)This is as good as good as it gets for a dive bar in KC. It's on the same level as Caddy Shack, Red Balloon, and The Peanut.I come here for my weekly beer session with the guys. Never had the food, rarely make it up to the roof in the best of weather. We stick to the main level bar. They make some mean shots and my tab is always curiously low. It pays to be a regular.Love this bar. It's in a great spot and the service is always friendly and fast.You'll love their big deck. Some people can't get enough of it. But you don't have to go up top to find a great bar and good time.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,7/1/2013,82,237,6,3,4>any place I can sit down and have a chai latte while listening to punk/metal being played is ok in my book. All vegan with some gluten free stuff. Whenever I say gluten free I think of a big round gluteus maximus.  I hope we live in a the world that is never gluteus maximus free. They are always super nice and service oriented. The owner works behind the counter and kicks more ass than a one legged man in an ass kicking contest.  I had a pumpkin crumb cake along side my latte. I almost went with their chocolate cupcake dressed up like a hostess.   Maybe next time my dear friends, maybe next time.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2013,6/30/2013,15,89,3,3,2>I've been searching for good street tacos in KC proper for quite some time. Cancun Fiest Fresh is good enough to sate the craving, but I was really hoping for something more along the quality of Bonito Michoacan, only not 20 minutes form me in KCK. Ricos doesn't quite hit that mark, but they're the best I've experienced close to midtown so far. The tacos are stuffed full of whatever meat you choose but are a little light on the onions and cilantro. Make sure you ask for extra of those. I had the asada and carnitas tacos, and my dad had straight chicken. Everything was quite tasty, and I'm glad they fry their carnitas, unlike several other places in town. All the great, strong flavors you expect from good Mexican street food are there. No complaints from me on that level. The sauces that accompany the tacos are good but nothing outstanding.  If you come here, I'd advise against any of the more Tex-Mex options. The house chips and salsa are, frankly, pretty gross. The chips tasted borderline stale, and the salsa is basically just pureed tomatoes. I also had an order of guac which was okay but certainly not helped by the chips.To be fair, I only ate tacos, but I don't hold out much hope for the Americanized entrees. Stick with the street food, which certainly appears to be this place's strength.I'll be back, but make no mistake: Bonito Michoacan is still the king of authentic Mexican food in town, as far as I'm concerned. However, if you want good tacos at an excellent value, Ricos Tacos Lupe is an excellent place to start if you don't want to trek to KCK.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,6/29/2013,98,58,6,15,9>So happy that Sama Zama is here!It's so hard to find real Japanese food in this town. I come from California and spent a considerable amount of my life traveling through Japan, so I tend to be very picky about nihon shoku. I feel like I know what Japanese food should taste like, and it annoys the hell out of me when I see "Japanese restaurants" in this town that sell food from other cultures...and don't even get me started on my loathing of crab rangoon (they don't even make these anywhere in Asia!).Ok enough of my rant on terrible KC Asian food.  I was totally stoked when I heard about Sama Zama from the local KC Japan society. It used to be One Bite, which was in Overland Park. Thankfully, they've moved closer to the heart of KC, and settled in Westport.  Sama Zama is an izakaya, or Japanese bar/tapas joint.  Izakaya super-popular in Cali/Japan and are open all hours of the day/night, so it was a welcome surprise to see one here. What makes the izakaya probably unique to most KC people is that it is NOT a sushi bar.  Yes, people, sushi is not the ONLY thing that Japanese people eat.  The focus here is on small plates and some unique dishes you won't find anywhere else in town.  Sama Zama does a great job with it's food - and puts a unique modern twist on many traditional dishes. They're delicious, and this is coming from a total Japanese food snob!I'd definitely recommend the okonomiyaki for first-timers. This is a Japanese-style omlette/pancake. Meat/vegetables/noodles can be folded in, reminiscent of the style of this dish from various regions in Japan. Sama Zama also has an option with cheese or just vegetables, which were excellent. My favorite is Ebi-Ten (with shrimp), done Hiroshima-style (with the noodles folded in)I'd also recommend the ramen.  This is traditional hangover food in Japan.  I'll take this over a burrito or burger any day!  And this is not your out-of-a-box top ramen that you had as a starving college student!  The broth comes in many styles, from Miso and Tonkotsu (made from simmering stew bones) to salt and soy bases.  They have big cuts of chashu (pork slices), various vegetables, and fresh egg noodles (ramen).  Feel free to slurp - it's encouraged!  You can also order it spicy or compete in their spicy ramen challenge.  I was so happy to see some of my other favorite izakaya dishes here - geso karaage (deep fried squid tentacles), karaage (Japanese fried chicken), and the gyoza, edamame and other dishes that are usual suspects in Japanese restaurants. The owner, Erica, comes from Yokohama, and I was so excited to have someone to FINALLY speak Japanese to here in KC! She is young, energetic, and a great hostess!  She is very attentive to the needs of her customers. The icing on the cake is the Jpop music they play in the restaurant. Makes you feel like you're in a hip local restaurant in Japan!They also have a pretty diverse drink menu, from ramune (a kiddy soda that's fun to drink) to cocktails, sake, wine and beer.  The restaurant also sells some of their sauces, which are their takes on spicy mayo, ponzu and teriyaki sauces. They're pretty tasty.  Sama Zama also does large orders for catering very well.I'll definitely be back to Sama Zama.  I really hope they thrive here in KC! Ganbare!
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,6/28/2013,160,211,4,8,7>Ok, so I've had a love hate relationship with the Phoenix in the years I've lived in KC.  First of all, the bouncers can be pretty douchey.  The first time I went there, this was the case.  They tried to charge a ridiculous cover when we were only going to be there for about an hour, and no live music was playing.  Also, when I asked about it, the response I got was NOT professional or polite.  We paid, went in, and were unimpressed.  So, at that point, "Phuck the Phoenix" was my mindset.Since then, I've been back several times.  I've moved into the Garment district, and decided to wipe the slate clean and give this place a totally new shot.  The cover is about half what it used to be, which is more appropriate, IMO.  I'm going to spend more money inside if I don't have to pay a high price for entry.  The drinks are cheap and well made.  This is the ONLY place in KC that I know of that knows how to pour a Guiness, and there are plenty of places that should (Flying Saucer, I'm looking at you).  The food is really excellent for the price; their burger is eight bucks and comes with fries, plus your choice of four toppings.  These aren't your typical toppings either - I get bacon, avocado, pepperjack cheese and an onion ring.  FOR EIGHT BUCKS.  That is insane.You can get free sweet potato fries every time you come here if you check in with Yelp!  That's a crazy deal, as they are home made and easily my favorite sweet potato fries in Kansas City.  The music is still very good, and it can get super loud and PACKED on nights like Friday.  However, it is a blast to sit at the bar, order some four buck beers, get an underpriced burger and let the week's stress wash away to the groovy riffs of Lonnie McFadden or some of their other guests.  Overall, one of my favorite local joints.  The bouncers can still be douchey, but the waitresses and bartenders are VERY friendly.  Also, the bouncers have to deal with some a-holes at this place from time to time, so I understand their attitude.Check the place out!  If you haven't been in awhile, I'd vote that you give it another shot.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,6/27/2013,109,469,,3,3>Headed here for Father's Day lunch today. After seeking advice from fellow yelpers, this is the place my husband wanted to go. We weren't disappointed. He was thrilled that goat curry was on the buffet, which he really enjoyed. I loved the veggie masala, chili chicken the lentil and chickpea dishes AND the sambar. I had given up on the idea of finding sambar anywhere in town after leaving Portland and this definitely satisfied the craving I've had for more than two years!The service was just okay (took a while to refill water) but I loved the fact that they bring fresh-out -of-the oven naan directly to the table!! Also that they have two types of lassi and chai available on the buffet as well. Also appreciate that there was someone looking over the buffet to make sure everything was as it should be. One of the ladies, however, made me feel like I was in the way while I was up there while she was stirring the dishes. I didn't realize until later that she was even part of the staff.When we left, my husband said "looks like we found our new go-to Indian place." I couldn't agree more and look forward to heading back here again soon.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,6/26/2013,65,258,,5,4>I finally got to Screenland Armour for Sunday's AAF Mad Men premiere party. I'm not sure why I waited so long. Maybe I was just lazy, I actually live blocks from the Alamo, so I go there more often.At any rate, we should all support local independent theaters and all support theaters with bars and food. These are not that common and make for a full, fun evening all in one place.Armour has a full bar and food.They have one little theater and one larger space. Besides the traditional theater seats, there are couches located throughout the auditorium. Yay!The movies and events held here are eclectic and fun, much like the Alamo's, but they do also get first runs.If you haven't been here, give it a chance. There is currently a drive to save Screenland Armour, so they need your support. To show you how important these types of theaters are, their competitor, Alamo Mainstreet is holding a charity screening to benefit them. Go see a movie there this weekend.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2013,6/25/2013,160,440,,10,3>I was excited to try the new sushi restaurant near me and was not let down at all.They are currently running an AYCE special for the first few months that features many of their rolls and comes with their miso soup and salad bar.I was a fan of the salad bar. It was very simple, but hit the components of what I like in a salad bar. Simple salad options with a couple of meats and a nice selection of fruits. The thousand island dressing was delicious. I could stop by and enjoy just the salad bar for a light lunch or dinner. It may not be everyone's preference, but perfect for me!The miso soup had a healthy amount of tofu and seaweed sheets in it which was nice, but I wasn't a huge fan of the broth. It was a little lacking in flavor.The sushi was great. Everything tasted extremely fresh and the combinations of the special rolls were excellent. The AYCE does just include rolls and I would have liked to experience some of the selections as individual pieces, but overall impressed with the quality. The AYCE menu is heavy in fried options and spicy options. I quickly looked over the regular menu, so I can not speak to rather this is true throughout the entire menu. My preference would be for more fresh raw options and less fried tempura sushi rolls. I did notice a few rolls that include fruit on the regular menu which is a plus as I like the savory sweet rolls. For those non-sushi fans, the menu has other Asian options making the place appealing to a mix of tastes. The staff was great. The owner was very attentive when I came in, talking to me and making sure I was welcome and checking back at the end of my meal to make sure I enjoyed my experience. He really cared about what I thought of the place. (He did know I was a Yelper as we discussed this, but based on other reviews and his actions before finding this out, I don't think that was a factor to his actions.) The sushi chefs and waitresses were top notch, friendly, attentive, proactive, just excellent service.The restaurant has a lot of room and some of it is still being completed and has not opened yet. The section  I sat in I have a mixed review on. It is nice, I like that they don't use throw away chop sticks. I like the lighting, would make for a nice romantic dinner, but also good for friends or meetings. The music was a mix of cultural music and some mild alternative rock. I liked this mix. There was some areas that was just plain plywood that appeared to be completed, but I am not sure. This took away from the elegant, romantic feel of the place, maybe some painting is still being done. Also, I was not a fan of the artwork above the sushi area. It looks like a giant collection of hair. Just wouldn't be my pick of artwork in a restaurant. Overall, this is a great addition to the area. Although there is a sushi restaurant across the street, Sake Lounge goes far above the quality they have after my last visit there. The only thing keeping me from going to the fifth star is the huge amount of fried rolls that are on the menu. Maybe it is me, but don't Americans like non-fried sushi anymore? Free WiFi available
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,6/24/2013,57,168,2,7,5>Alchemy is about during lead into gold, but here gold is turned into platinum.  Great quality local beans from Broadway cafe are handcrafted into a variety of coffee drinks that are worth their weight (and wait) in gold.  What is done with coffee beans here is magical and the staff here have quite a few tricks up their sleeves to coax all sorts of flavors from those beans with preparation methods like pour over, Chemex, Clever and French press. If you are looking for a quick hit and run coffee, the gas station is at the other corner.  But yeah, that coffee tastes like gas station coffee and with enough cream and sweetener it's tolerable especially if your goal is to get caffeinated.  Similarly if you want to get drunk, don't waste your time on good wine.  Get some MD 20 20 and be done with itHere it's a bit different--and the difference is what it's all about.  This is a new trend in coffee and this place compares right up there with local luminaries such as Quay and Oddly Correct and nationals such as Blue Bottle (SF) and Intelligentsia (Chicago).Like that fine wine, these generally single-origin and organic coffees have 'tasting notes" that use similar descriptors wine people use:  bright, cherry, citrus etc. The beans are extremely fresh and the selection will vary on a daily basis (so be sure to stop by often).  Don't be intimidated by this because the friendly and approachable guides working the counters will chat with you about what excites your palate.  The process will take time (about the time it takes to order a specialty drink at a chain shop -- 2 to 4 minutes) but is so worth it.  You'll smell your coffee brewing and watch it release it's CO2 announcing how fresh and full of flavor it is.  Your cup will be unique and you'll watch the whole process and have it explained to you if you want.  Since this is a neighborhood coffee shop, the time will pass as you chat with your friends and neighbors there.  Introduce yourself.  Ben, the owner, will be sure to make you feel welcome when he's around (which is most of the time!)  He's also a perfectionist making sure the timing, weight and temperature is exact.  Even the temperature of the cup is taken into account as he washes them with hot water before serving your drink to make sure the temperature of the ceramic is balance with your brew.  Sugar and creamers are available on request, but at least try it before making these additions because you'll be pleasantly surprised how great coffee can taste If you are in a rush, no worries because there's always the "quick and dirty" which is some french press coffee ready to go in a rush.  They'll also have cold-press coffee ready to be enhanced with some local Iwig milk (try it with the chocolate). Stop by and see the giant Kyoto brewer that gently brews the cold-press over a 12 hour period drop by drop.  For a good coffee pairing, try one of the biscotti, granola or cookies they usually have in stock.  Since everything is fresh and local, daily offerings will vary but all are delicious.  Those looking for a hearty breakfast can try the oatmeal in a mason jar or those feeling exceptionally sinful can go for the Mast Brothers chocolate bar.  This place is a minefield for those on a diet.What you won't find here is an espresso machine or the mixed or frozen drinks you find at the chain places and that's totally fine with me.  Remove anything "-cino" from your vocabulary Those foofy drinks are designed to mask, rather than enhance the flavor of the coffee.  Yeah, the parking here in front isn't great but a walk isn't bad because with all the tasty treats here the exercise won't be a bad thing and as a member of the neighborhood I've enjoyed chatting with people I've only waived high to in the past.  Alchemy in its short time has made itself a neighborhood meeting spot for commuters on their way to Kansas City, parents dropping off and picking up their kids from school and work at homies like myself who want a change of venue on occasion (and decent wifi).Try Alchemy because once you taste the golden elixirs here, anything else you drink is gonna taste like lead.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,6/23/2013,95,53,,5,4>This might be the best place in KC.You've got community - all the vendors know each other, and if you come here very often, they will know you.You've got entertainment - there are performing artists here on any given Saturday during the season, and this is the best people-watching in town.You've got local stuff - from veggies to meats to baked goods to pasta to crafts, you can get it from a local supplier. The vendors around the perimeter import fruits and veggies and sell them at good prices, and the ones in the three middle stalls give you the local stuff.You've got options - what do you want for lunch? Italian? Mediterranean? Vietnamese? Pizza? Chinese? Burritos? Sushi? Heck...Ethiopian? It's all here.You've got diversity - people come from every part of town and peacefully coexist here. It's one of the only places you can go that doesn't look homogenous.I don't know what else you could ask for.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,6/21/2013,182,367,,7,4>The charming ambiance of this 1848 home-turned-bistro is captured in the quaint, private dining rooms, attentive dining staff and amazing food.  We were seated immediately on a slow Thursday night and brought fresh bread with herb butter as we waited for the rest of our party.  I loved the wood-work details hinting at the restaurants history.  The recently added patio area looks amazing for the warmer months, but we stayed indoors on this chilly night.I loved my salmon with tomato chutney (~$22).  My husband enjoyed his chicken in white wine-artichoke sauce (~$18).  Our other friends enjoyed the specials: potato crusted sea bass and double cut pork chops.  Each entree was served with roasted potatoes and an artful array of veggies including lima beans, red cabbage, squash  and green beans.  The high quality of the seafood and veggies was impressive, and this establishment is definitely a standout in Weston.  The wine list was solid and I greatly enjoyed my Pinot Noir.  They also offer all the O'Malley's brews, appropriate since they are next door to the brewery.My friend had tried the brunch there and said the omellettes were excellent as well.  I look forward to coming back in Spring to enjoy brunch and mimosas on the patio!
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2013,6/20/2013,49,45,12,11,9>OK Yelpers.  There may be some of you who hear a restaurant is located on Prospect Avenue and you may form an opinion, possibly a negative one.  That being said, Jim's Fat Burgers is perhaps one of the best kept secrets in Kansas City!!I actually went to Jim's for the first time several years ago.  One of my co-workers at the time was absolutely gobsmacked to hear I had not heard of Jim's and had never been.  Well, he felt he had to make the wrong a right as soon as possible.Jim's is located at the corner of 69th and Prospect, in a nondescript building.  If you're passing by, you probably wouldn't give it a second glance.  But tucked away in this "hole in the wall" are some of, if not the best, burgers in Kansas City, period!  You can't dine in, unless you want to eat in your car, and all orders are prepared to go.  The burgers are just...  well, you'll get a TBO when you eat one.  Oh, what's a 'TBO' you say?  Quite simply, that's a 'taste bud orgasm'.  Yeah, they're THAT good!The burgers are huge with the condiments and bun essentially being there for show.  They are VERY reasonable, available in a single, double or (Lawd, have mercy!) a triple.  The first time I was there, my co-workers dared me, moi, to eat a triple.  Well my friends, not only did I eat the triple in its entirety, but I also polished off some tater tots (OMG they're fabulous!!) and a piece of pie.  Sha-mah-nah-mah, wanna kiss myself!  HEY!!If you don't want the TBO burgers, you can also get some incredible soul food, with that menu changing depending on the day of the week.  Regardless, you won't be unhappy.  As awesome as the burgers are, you probably don't want to eat more than one a month.  I would say they're definitely not healthy, part of the reason they're so freaking good!!!One last thing.  The burgers are cooked to order.  You'll see them sizzling on a flat top grill, swimming in their own natural juices.  My mouth is watering now.  I feel a visit coming up this week.Bon appetite.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2013,6/19/2013,69,196,2,6,3>Full disclosure here: I haven't been to all the antique shops in the West Bottoms. In fact, I've only been to three, so my basis of comparison isn't as cultivated as other reviewers. That being said, I loved Good JuJu. Compared to antique shops outside of this area, the prices are amazing. Compared to the other two shops I visited on the same day, the prices are better. I like their inventory way more than other places. It's fresher, younger and more diverse. The store is quite large and has an excellent mix of styles and eras. It gets stupid busy and the staff is always running around, so customer service isn't the best; however, this is the very rare situation where the inventory trumps the staff.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,6/18/2013,292,268,2,8,8>I have driven past this place hundreds of times in my lifetime and never knew what this place was or what this place had been.  It's truly amazing what can sit behind a nondescript facade in an industrial part of town.  It makes me happy beyond words when someone puts life and purpose behind these old walls and reinvents the space into something new.  That is exactly what happened to this old silent movie house built in 1922.  It's now an amazing event space ready to be used for years to come.The space is large and open.  Nondescript enough to make it into anything you would ever desire.  Great tin ceilings, beautiful wood floors and enough red velvet here and there to provide a great backdrop for a great photo.  I believe it has  a nice sized kitchen and a great outdoor patio when the weather permits.  The location also seems very convenient and centrally located for those that live on either side of the state line.  I don't have personal experience dealing with the Vox as I didn't rent the space, I have just attended a great function at this great venue.  I hope everyone has a chance to check out this hidden treasure of a space and discover something new in something that is truly old.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,6/17/2013,212,100,1,10,4>The iPhone repair shop of witchcraft and wizardry would be a more fitting name.  Except the dark magic is human mishap, and John and his staff's (one other technician) skills are more jedi-force like than result of some lucky incantation. All nerdiness aside, when I decided to let my phone go surfing on top of my moving car without realizing it, let's just say I was in need of iPhone repair once I figured it out and found it a mile away. It was Easter Sunday so I called Lil'Johnny Appleseed and left a message expecting a callback the next day.  I could not have been more wrong.  John himself called me about 20 minutes later and while I declined making an appointment at that time-due to sticker shock on the price-he was super helpful and not frustrated to have to call me on a Sunday at all.  After some research into other businesses, I realized that John's prices were comparable, so I called back and left a message/scheduled an online appointment for the following day. John not only called me back first thing in the morning before office hours, he also agreed to meet me to let me drop off my phone before his business hours so that I wouldn't have to ask off of work to drop it by.  He assured me it'd be fixed by the time I was off by 3pm and he stuck by his word.  John seems to be a man of his word in other areas, as I accidentally paid him an extra $20 and rather than assuming it was a tip or just taking it, he called me asap and stayed there so I could come get it.  I was a giant pain in his ass during all of this, I'm sure, and would have given him a $20 tip, but sadly I couldn't afford that after these repairs.  He will be getting a card with a gift card in it as a thank you but not for $20 unfortunately. Price-wise, savvy Yelpers may find that Johnny's is a tiny bit more pricey than the competition.  I asked him if he price matched or asked what he did differently to make the extra few dollars worth my time, and he said that his cost to buy the screens/tools to repair is over $200, so his profit is about $20-$30 when all is said and done.  Considering the way he rushed me in and beat the deadline he had set for getting the phone back to me,  plus my phone seemed brand new/was cleaned, I think his repair services are worth every penny!  He even recommended what kind of case I should purchase to help keep this from happening again. Odd name, superb skills, and spectacular customer service.  These are the key points to remember when you find yourself looking for quick and professional iPhone repair and see Lil'Johnny Appleseed's business listing in Yelp.  They don't have many reviews, but honestly, aside from the fact that I didn't exactly have repair money budgeted, this was an extremely positive experience in response to a less than positive phone mishap.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,6/16/2013,151,487,2,4,3>Papa Bob and his wife are super nice.  Each time you go in, they'll walk around and talk to everyone making sure everything is going good and to see how you are doing.  The Brooke's Bad A$$ Beans are AMAZING.  I love the jalapeno poppers, but they are a little pricey for me.  The sauce is awesome and the meat is juicy and wonderful.  They are best known for the Man Vs. Food special, and yes, Man lost.  They even had great cake (which made my mom extremely happy).  Love this place and will be going back time and time again.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/16/2013,6/15/2013,176,193,8,5,6>I was sitting in the morningAt City Diner in the MarketGot a table, not the counter,Friendly waitress brought a sodaAnd she quickly took our orderAnd answered questions on the menuShe was chatty with co-workerBut it wasn't really badI opened up the menu --They had omelettes and some pancakesPretty standard, nothing special,Just your typical layoutAnd I looked up at the wall,And folks had scribbled with a SharpieI don't know about the meaningBut it made for nice decor.Our food, it came out quickly,Tasted decent, not too shabby.The biscuits there were fluffy,But the omelette was just blah.And I looked up at the door,It started getting crowded.Weekend mornings are too busy,Maybe better in the week?There really isn't too much parking,But a big lot's across the streetThey will not take your plastic,Put some money in your wallet.There isn't any Wifi,So don't bring along your iPadTheir menu's on their Web site,But it really needs some work.Oh, this breakfast wasn't too bad,Could be better, could be worse, butIt was pretty average...I just finished my review.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2013,6/14/2013,101,236,,7,6>I can't believe that I have not been here before.  As I understand the excellent outdoor area is only open during nice weather (which makes sense), so maybe I just have not had the impetus, but you can bet I will be going back for some wonderful summer evenings.We stopped by around 4pm on a Sunday afternoon and the place was hopping--live music with awesome open mic for those in the crowd with talent (no joke, this was some of the best blues i have heard in a long time) and $3 beers (24 oz PBRs and other assorted good deals)...with NO cover!!!  The bar tender seemed a little annoyed that my party of 5 did not know what we wanted immediately, but other than this it was great (all the other workers and patrons were friendly).I only stayed an hour or so, but next time I will clear my schedule so that I can stay much, much longer.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,6/13/2013,530,119,11,12,11>Taj Palace is actually unassuming; it's not a place you go for ambiance, although there is an awesome TV that plays Bollywood stuff (more on this, later).But what you do go there for is summed up in two words : Butter Chicken.Not only am I addicted to Taj Palace's Butter Chicken, but I've made my children addicted to it, as well.  We are a family of Butter Chicken addicts.  If there was a Butter Chicken Anonymous group, we'd have to go weekly.  If Taj Palace's Butter Chicken were available like any street drug, we'd have an epidemic in this country that not even the Nancy Reagan and Mr. T. could thwart.Seriously.  Addicted.When my kids come over on Friday nights, I see the glaze in their eyes, the salivation, the need....it's a fix that their 10 and 6 Year Old stomachs need more than anything they've ever tasted...and I can hear them rumbling before they even get to the door..."Daddy, you know what sounds good for dinner?" they ask, wide eyed and faux-innocently..."Hmmmm, I bet I can guess?  Does it start with Butter and ends with Chicken?"And with that, we're in the car, less than a mile to 39th, and in through the doors of the happy Pink and Green walls of Taj Palace."Ha-LLLLO!", we are greeted with by the manager, who knows us by now, and takes us to our regular table, in clear view of the earlier-mentioned TV with Bollywood films.  The kids are FASCINATED by these films, and stare transfixed, partially due to hunger, partially due to the fact that they're being exposed to a cultural offering they are happy to absorb.Water is brought.  Naan is brought.  Kids' eyes and faces light up in anticipation.  They know it's coming.  And when it arrives, they sit and look at it, golden and orange in a brass bowl with the slightest hints of green sprinkled over the top.  I know how to draw this out for them : I ladle the rice onto their plates, then spoon the rich concoction of chicken and whatever-godlike-sauce Taj Palace concocts to let it stew in all over the rice.  And, simply, they devour.But savoringly, not like Piranha.  They're good kids, polite, and wouldn't make a scene.  Plus, they know where there concentration should lie : spooning that incredible food into their mouths to nourish their needful souls...And, folks, if these kids (and their dutiful Dad) are this obsessed with this stuff, you really need to check it out for yourself.  The lunch buffet is good, too, but sitting down to a solitary bowl of this amazing stuff at dinner is probably one of the greatest food-thrills I've had in this city.  Go eat it.  Watch some Bollywood.  Take the kids.  You'll see us there, too.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,6/12/2013,182,452,2,8,6>Pho KC has a very strong new fan in this Yelper. Now looking for an excuse to return.Stopped here on the way back from The Local Pig today wanting a delicious steaming bowl of Vietnamese goodness and was not disappointed. The venue itself is not particularly inviting and parking is all on a pretty busy street, but as they say, don't let the exterior deter you from walking in the front door. Glad I did.My lunch was the pork bun and it's easily the best I've had in KC. Plenty of crunchy sprouts and fresh vegetables, the meat was flavorful and the noodles cooked to perfection. As others have observed: a terrific broth, the secret to every great Vietnamese dish (my opinion). At the end of the meal I was not ashamed to tip to bowl up to the lips and drain every bit of the remaining broth. The dishes coming by in the busy restaurant are really inviting. Lots of crisp fresh vegetables, pho bowls, and of course the famous dish of sweet potato and shrimp.Felt Pho KC has a different edge missing from some Vietnamese competitors: fresher, more authentic and on the mark. Each table is full of condiments, extra chop sticks, spoons, etc. No pretense. Don't come expecting a fancy restaurant. Come expecting a rock solid meal delivered promptly to you table. This meal made me really happy. Can wait to get back.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,6/11/2013,100,160,3,6,8>Review 100! Weee!I chose TBC to review for this landmark as I found it apropos to pick not only one of my favorite spots, but one which peddles my favorite food. Cheese. My husband is off put by the scent as you walk in the door. I say, all good things come at a cost, and for cheese, one of those things is mold. Delicious, stinky mold. You will find some pricey cheeses, but the thing I love is the sampling option. Don't be shy if there is not a sample out of a cheese you are hankering for, the staff are so friendly and dare I say, passionate about cheese? that they will happily accommodate your request, whenever possible. Their knowledge is also worth mentioning. Let them know what you seek, and they will not disappoint. The other sundries aside from the fromage, are lovely and make good gifts or additions to a gift basket. I find edible or consumable gifts are perfect for that man or gal who has everything. Especially those who appreciate the culinary, but aren't likely to purchase a wedge running $19 a pop. In summation, I say: Mmmmmmmm, cheeeeeese.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2012,6/10/2013,109,117,3,4,5>How, and why, the eff did I not get married here?!?! I would have pushed the date back a whole year for this space! It has everything ANYONE would want in a venue.  Cool location, huge industrial windows, exposed brick, great LARGE bathrooms, an outdoor area, a grassy outdoor area, and, of course, the ridiculously enourmous beautiful chandelier.  What a perfect touch, takes the space from urban industrial to classically beautiful.  It's the perfect one stop shop!!  After seeing the owners at the event I went to I realized that building had no choice but to be pretty, they know what they're doing.  The wood work in the outdoor area and the office area is perfect, clean lines very modern.I will recommend this place to anyone who is looking for an event space, you can do anything here.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,6/9/2013,16,336,,7,3>Not sure what to call their cuisine...Mexican inspired? Mexi-Ameri comfort food? Everything we had was very good, but the other adjective that comes to mind is RICH. Very, very rich. Fried eggs, chorizo, crema, pig skins, etc. Lemme just say you will not walk away from Port Fonda feeling skinny, but you will feel satisfied and happy. Atmosphere- I like the previous yelper's description of tattoo parlour meets Dwell magazine. It's got a rustic modern look with lots of exposed wood, metal, and light fixtures. If I had to guess, I would think it was done by the same creative and resourceful craftsman who did Oddly Correct. I love the random graffiti and weirdo art on the walls...like the peccary getting shot by arrows. Food- We ordered according to what the staff recommended, and it was all very good. We had the chilaquiles (chips with chorizo, green salsa, fried egg, crema, etc.). It's the thing I've heard most hyped about this place, but for me, it did not live up to the hype. It was very good, but not the dream-worthy delight I had expected. However, my chorizo-hating & fried egg-scoffing date thought it was fabulous. Go figure. Tacos aguacate were simple, yet tasty. These are avocado halves that get deep fried and stuck in a taco. Surprisingly, the fry was crunchy and light. Diesmillo was our final dish. It is braised beef with a chipotle cheddar bechamel sauce, onions, and pickled jalapeno. It came in a hot, cast iron mini-skillet, and it was just bubbling away with fall apart meat and rich cheese sauce. For my gringo tongue, the jalapeno was burn yo a$$ hot, but others thought it was great heat for the creaminess of the dish. It was served with tortillas, and by the time I finished it, I was stuffed. Service- Good to great. First waitress seemed great. Very friendly, smiley, etc., but then she got pulled to another table. Second waitress was the cool, friendly, casual kind, but she still provided us with good service.Port Fonda does a lot of social media and online promotions, so make sure you check that out. We were able to go during one of their KU game beer promos where Free State beers were $2. Deal! They also have unique drink offerings, such as inventive cocktails, tequila flights, and mezcal. Port Fonda seems a great place to share rich, delicious dishes and drink booze. I can't wait to try the following things: Bloody Maria bar, ricotta donuts, front patio/stoop, brunch, and soaking up a boozy night with their late night menu.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,6/8/2013,222,511,,6,6>Hidden inside a drab looking office building is this gem of a restaurant. The restaurant is actually quite cute. It's very modern looking without being over the top modern so it feels a combination of trendy and down to earth at the same time.My favorite things on the menu are the trout and the chicken palliard. Ok, I confess, those are the only two things I've had on the menu. They're so good that I cannot help but order them again and again and again. Trout is one of my favorite fish but it's also something that isn't always done right. At Aixios, the skin is crispy with lots of flavor and the fish inside is tender and perfectly done. The chicken pallaird is remarkably similar to an Italian dish I make at home. My dish is excellent but dare I say Aixios' is actually (slightly) better than mine. Not that I'm jealous or anything. Hrmph.Their salads are very good as are their frites with aoli. Ask for the aoli if they don't give it to you.I want to try the dessert. I really do. But I haven't. It's just that the entrees are so darn good that I end up enjoying those and have yet to make it to dessert.My only complaint is service is a touch shaky. It's not bad; just not quite consistently excellent. They need to strengthen their game just a bit more to get that five star rating. Until then, this place is a solid 4.5.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,6/7/2013,87,206,3,3,4>Confession.  I am a card-carryin', swimmin' hole swimmin', farm-raised, barefoot-dwellin', gravel-road traversin' country girl.  I was raised rurally, had a pony, we grew a garden bigger than most urban dwellers' yards.  But I only took the stereotype so far.  I don' t shoot, I never four-wheel, I don't own a pickup, and I most assuredly have never worn western wear (even when riding my pony).   That said, I found myself in need of standard country attire of the embroidered, pearl snap variety for some fine arts costuming.   Naturally, Nigro's was the best bet.  I cruised down Merriam Lane one Saturday morning and got there when they opened, walked in, was hit by the scent of leather...Jackpot!  A HUGE selection of clothing, and totally wearable, at that.  No need to be Roy Rogers, this stuff is stylin'.  I picked up the lovely light blue plaid button-up with decorative stitching and shiny snaps that I came for, but also snagged a hottie black laced-trimmed dress...very modern country...and some sweet silver jewelry with a nice vintage southwest flair.  The staff was so nice and accommodating, spending time to really help me find what  I needed in a way that doesn't happen anymore in the age of chain clothing stores.  Prices aren't discount, by any means, but the merchandise is of quality, and there are some deals to be had.  If you are looking to buy boots, be prepared to put down some coin, but they're really nice boots.  This is a really nice place, it's got nice KCK flavor, the people who work there are cool, and I just might change up my personal style to shop there more often.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2013,6/6/2013,186,104,,5,3>I had lunch at Affäre about a month ago and was really impressed!  I ordered the Holstein Schnitzel and a Steigl Pils.  The schnitzel was excellent, with a crispy and not greasy breading; served on delicious mashed potatoes that were creamy and potato-y tasting and topped with a fried egg, anchovies and capers.  My meal also came with a basket of pretzel bread that was probably the best pretzel anything I've had in KC and a pretty side salad.The feel at Affäre is modern-posh, with wonderful service to match.My meal was $12 and the Pils was $6.  It was a big beer so I assume that's why it seemed a little pricey, but in the end I wish I hadn't ordered it, because it was a bottled beer instead of draft and I really felt I could taste the difference.  So, while I won't be having lunch at Affäre every week, I think that a delicious, filling lunch for $12 is worth repeat visits.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,6/5/2013,27,81,7,5,5>Hayley's secret steps to happiness:1. Go to Pierpont's during happy hour.2. Order a fancy drink you'd never get during any hour other than happy hour because that ish is discounted.3. Get the pork belly sliders.4. Consume with friends.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,6/4/2013,65,171,,9,5>Zucchini blossom quesadillas--where have you been my whole life?!I don't want to get into an argument over what is *authentic* Mexican cuisine, but based on my experiences at hole-in-the-wall taquerias in Texas and California, I personally think Ixtapa is the real deal. Aside from one item (a child's ground beef soft taco that was just OK ), I was very happy with every dish I tasted (I ate off the plates of nearly everyone in my party). The food tastes fresh and the flavors are lively. You can taste the tomatoes, chocolate, and spices in the mole. The frozen melon margarita was dangerously delicious and smooth (and I'm not a tequilla fan at all). And yes, the zucchini blossom quesadilla was a revelation.Aside from a few lost-in-translation misunderstandings between ourselves and the servers (all of which worked themselves out just fine), service was excellent. I arrived with a large party with children on a Friday night, and we were served just as professionally and quickly as everyone else in the restaurant.Even though I've just been to Ixtapa once I find myself yearning for another frozen margarita or zucchini blossom quesadilla whenever I'm in the area. I will be here again. Yes, I will.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2012,6/3/2013,532,417,1,9,7>City Union Mission serves people's needs in many ways. Men, women, children and families come in for clothing, food, and temporary refuge from life on the streets. Here they find people who care about them, listen to them, and work with them to meet their physical and spiritual needs.Feel like doing some good deeds? This is a great place to serve the poor and homeless of KC.City Union Mission receives no government support or United Way funding. They depend completely on donations from individuals, groups, businesses, foundations, and churches.I went with my church to serve dinner one night at City Union Mission. We did it because we knew there was a need and we know it's important to care for others and not just ourselves. In total we were only there about 2 hours. Meal time is very limited. You spend about 30 minutes with the kitchen manager to plate up and prepare some food. Then dinner is only 1 hour. Our team got behind the buffet line and served the people who came in. We also took drinks to the tables and then helped with some clean up. Everyone who eats there has a chore related to preparing/clean up so there wasn't much else for us to do.It was eye opening to many of our group from suburbia Johnson County. They enjoyed serving and we plan to do it again. There are many ways to help meet needs, visit their website or give them a call if you want to help. It's amazing that when you serve others, your life too will be touched.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,6/2/2013,43,125,3,4,3>Not exaggerating when I pronounce this the BEST caramel/vanilla Latte I've ever had. No hyperbole. Decided to stop in on the way to the Kid Rock concert to get a boost of energy. The place looks even better at night. The lighting is down right perfect. I could sit in here for hours and study/homework if I lived in the area. Back to the latte. Like I was telling others, this latte tasted very similar to Haagen Daz ice cream I once had. It was that smooth and creamy. No complaints here. Another pleasant surprise was seeing a few bags of PT's coffee beans sitting on the counter inside Quay. My #1 coffee bean right now and had no idea PT's was guesting at Quay. Add this to another reason why this place is the sh!t.Noticed they have additional seating in the back room, along with a couple soft comfy loveseats. Place was still crowded at 6:30pm on a Saturday night. Those of you that live in this area are dang lucky. I'm so jealous.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2013,6/1/2013,44,213,1,5,2>Two trips to Mestizo and I continue to be impressed by the food, service, atmosphere, and drinks.Mestizo is as pricey as you would expect from a Food Network chef's flagship Midwest eatery. The prices are a little high but the quality is outstanding.Drinks are the specialty here - any of the custom margaritas (Prickly Pear and Jaimaica are my favorites) are deliciously hand-crafted with 100% real juice, not some crap sour mix that sits in a plastic bottle. First foray into their food item were the pork belly tacos - outstanding. My wife enjoyed the chilaquilas, also delicious. Get the drunken beans over the black beans.Second time around was a birthday party. Started with some bubbling fundido followed by the fish special (sturgeon). Other tablemates had the lamb enchiladas (waaay too spicy), crab tostados (a little small), and pork cheeks (incredible texture and taste!) We'll definitely be back. A great experience with fantastic food.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,5/31/2013,94,61,4,7,4>Coming back to Tannin Wine Bar & Kitchen last night, I had high expectations following a delightful first visit last year. I'm happy to announce that the phenomenal service, excellent specials and warm atmosphere are still maintained. Not to mention the food at Tannin is truly delicious.When you go to a wine bar, follow this simple rule: If the staff makes you feel like an idiot, leave immediately. As someone who doesn't know the difference between a Malbec and Merlot, I rely on the server to make suggestions based on what I like -woody = yuck, grapefruit = yum. Tannin's staff is incredibly helpful and will guide you through the extensive list. I chose the Clos Roche Blanche, a Sauvignon Blanc suggested to me by my server, Monique. It was the perfect wine - not too sweet, with a hint of grapefruit and so smooth. You can't go wrong with the starters and small plates on Tannin's dinner menu. The Thai Chili Glazed Shrimp was another suggestion by Monique and one of my favorites of the night. Little spice, little crunch and is gorgeous to look at. The Braised Pork Cheeks with creamy polenta and blueberry sauce are absolute perfection. I know, I know, you're thinking blueberry and meat? Eww. But I'm telling you it will rock your world. Tannin's Steamed P.E.I. Mussels with fennel, shallots, white wine and roasted garlic butter are another home run and by far the biggest mussels I've ever eaten. And if you don't have plans on Monday, I suggest checking out their Monday special: Buy one get one free on bottles of wine. I'll cheers to that!
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,5/30/2013,553,763,10,21,14>When I travel, this is the kind of boutique I hope to discover.  It is amazing that this place is in my own home town!Many people think of Birdies as a lingerie store, but it is so much more than lingerie.  Swimwear, cover up's, loungewear, jewelry, accessories, gloves, stockings, corsets, body jewelry, socks, clutches......and a couple low key "battery operated" devices.  Local celebrity and national artist, Peregrine Honig and her business savvy sidekick Danielle Meister are the perfect team.  This place is both quirky and sexy.  I can't think of what to compare it to- and that's just the point.Hit it up at the right time of day and you will enjoy the company of Bignet, the Birdies mascot doggie.  The doggie that makes me want a doggie.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,5/29/2013,467,1371,2,9,7>The Mission Farms development has held two long-term stalwart restaurant tenants - Blanc and Blue Koi, and some time after added Ted Habiger's Room 39 (which Ted himself has said should be called Room 107, but that's another story for another time).  The back area of Mission Farms where Rye is has been several concepts over the years and has been a sad revolving door.  I believe that revolving door will stop swinging now.  I am absolutely 1000% pleased with the concept that Megan, Colby, and Jeremy have been working on so hard for years. People asked me after I visited, "So?"  I replied, "Fried chicken, comfort food, class, great drinks, warm woods."  "Oh, fried chicken, that's not going to last," they pooh-poohed.  I hesitated to respond because I knew I had several biases:1.  I'm a huge fried chicken fan and Rye's is the best restaurant-style in town.  I've had the others and they aren't even worth mentioning on this same page.  But I'm always open to hearing about your favorite place.  2.  I've been a frequent visitor to Bluestem - both the dining room and lounge - and I know the care that the staff put in there and have never had a bad experience.  Why would it be any different here?3.  There's a large number of supporters of Bluestem who have made the drive north of 75th Street plenty of time.  We have a shorter drive and easier parking here so we have some personal investment :-)Oh, so you want to hear about the food?Butternut squash soup - YESHanger steak (copy of the standby favorite at Bluestem) - GREATFried chicken - WONDERFUL especially with some of the house-made hot saucelemon pie - LOVELYAs a teaser - Jeremy shared that a long-term goal (within the next 6 months) is to take the chef's tables/seats that face into the kitchen into an experience where you will just be fed stuff that the crew will make right in front of you.  You'll pay some set price and just have a ton of small plates.  Something this cool can't happen soon enough.Happy hour started a week ago and brunch started last weekend.Get on it, folks.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,5/28/2013,11,25,9,9,8>These hotdogs are the real deal, ladies and gentlemen.  If you want an authentic Chicago Dog, or a delicious home-spun creation, you are in good hands at New York Dawg Pound.I decided to go for the Ol' Blue, on the recommendation from, of all people, the salesman from whom I had just purchased a car.  He carried the girth of a fellow who might enjoy a good hot dog, so I was inclined to trust his judgment.  I was not disappointed.The Ol' Blue comes with a slathering of sweet, KC style BBQ sauce, a pickle, and a heaping pile of onion straws.  If the Z-Man were a hot dog, this is what it would be, and it would be delicious.I also got the Dalmatian, with grilled peppers and onions, chopped jalapenos, and hot mustard.  It's a bit like an Italian Hot Beef, but as a hot dog.  Pretty darned tasty.The proprietor of the establishment definitely has passion for, and respect of the 'dog, as evidenced both by the food I was served, and by overhearing a spirited discussion with a customer about what constitutes a TRUE Chicago Dog.   The atmosphere of the place was already pretty proper for a hot dog joint, but overhearing that conversation sealed the deal.If you're expecting Blanc, but with hot dogs, you're going to be disappointed.  It's not a "fancy" place, and to me, that's appealing.  It's common knowledge, the best hot dogs are served from carts, at 1am, by people shouting things like, "A wiener for your lady?"  I don't want fancy lamp shades, and a four reach-in selection of craft beer.  I want no frills, and tasty hot dogs.  Don't get me wrong...there certainly are frills to be had at New York Dawg Pound.  However, they're solely, and solidly contained within the bun.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,5/27/2013,14,120,,6,4>Kelli Daniels is the King Midas of KC Chefs... everything she touches turns into culinary gold! I'm glad that Good You has found yet another home for its unique and tasty food. Before Good You came to The Point I wouldn't have ordered anything off the menu unless I was pretty drunk because it just seemed like regular deep-fryer bar food. Now I will go here just to eat!They have a ton of TVs and they play a bunch of sports so it's a great place to catch a game and take advantage of their many drink specials. Good You is serving up their signature "KC's Best Burger" as well as pizzas and appetizers like deviled eggs, wings, and nachos. The nachos in particular are delicious - perfectly stacked with toppings so that you don't have to scavenge around the plate to scoop things up. Thoughtful and delicious.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,5/26/2013,146,179,2,6,4>Ahhh Caddy Shack!  You know, I'm constantly being razzed on the fact that I have never seen almost any movie that may be referenced in conversation, and Caddy Shack is no exception.  But what I have enjoyed on many occasion is there pizza!  Now, there are a few quirks to this place that you have to learn to love...like the fact that the person taking your delivery order may or may not know the months of the year.  Just help them out where needed and soon enough you will have a super meal walked right up to your door.  My personal favorite is their pizza, really any of them I have tried.  They have a great sweet and spicy sauce that make all of the chain joints around town seem like their junk comes from a jar.  The fried ravioli are best fresh, but not on my highly recommended list.  The mozzarella sticks are the perfect way to indulge before you indulge.  Another excellent point, especially if you live in the Market area, their delivery is stupid quick.  Of course you can't expect miracles; if you call during the diner hour on a Friday night you will have to wait a bit longer...but if you call on a random week night  or any late night, that pie will be to your door fast!  They do not mess around with their estimated times.  If they tell me 30 to 40 minutes, I'm make sure not to be otherwise disposed of after 25, because they will be there when they say.You may have noticed that this review is a tad one sided, as in just about delivery.  That is because the only times I have been to this little dive bar in person has been on New Year's, and I don't think anyone deserves to be judged on that night.  I have heard great things and I'm sure will make it in.  I have however ordered their pizza probably 1.4 million times, so I feel pretty good writing up a review for that!Cheers!
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2013,5/25/2013,49,71,2,6,7>Wow.  Just wow.  I can't believe this is where Balanca's used to be.  It looks so much better now!  This establishment has been on my to-try list for a few weeks and after trying to go to Anton's Taproom last Saturday and finding out there was a 2.5 hour wait, my friends and I moved Green Lady Lounge to the top of my list.  Since it was fairly early in the evening, there was absolutely no wait.  The decor was a beautiful surprise transformation from the bar that was housed here previously.  It was dark with a speakeasy vibe and a house band playing.  We picked out a cozy little booth in the corner and were immediately greeted with drink menus.  The prices were comparable to other bars in town, not too low, not too high.  I went with the Dark & Stormy, it was very refreshing.  We also ordered off The Good You's food menu.  I got the Kansas City's Best Burger with warm potato salad.  I have to tell you, it was the best burger I have ever had!  Serious!  I'm not pulling any punches, it was downright delectable!  I would definitely recommend this place to others.  I love the atmosphere, the pricing, the food and the drinks.  Plus, John Scott (formerly of Scott Fitness) has a hand in this, just with that information alone you know it's a great place to be!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,5/24/2013,131,164,,3,3>I've purchased their coffee through delivery and over at Quay Coffee.  Catching onto the national trend of excellent micro-roasting and pour over coffee, Oddly Correct is a great entry to the coffee scene for KC. I've yet to make it over tot their shop though, so this review is solely for the coffee.This place is definitely intended for the coffee lover who wants to explore the different varietals of coffee.  It's not for the person who wants a chocolate mocha. My personal test for coffee is this:As the coffee cools down, does the taste of the coffee get better or worse?Once your down to the last quarter of a cup, is it still as delicious as when you started drinking it?  I think this tells me how balanced the coffee is and if the cafe/roaster is using something to compensate for flavors (too hot, over-roasting, etc) .  So far, the different beans from Oddly Correct I have tried have all passed my little test with flying colors!  Grab your self a bag and ask them how to properly grind!  Cheers!
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,5/23/2013,58,256,2,5,7>I visited two "regular" antique stores off Shawnee Mission Parkway this afternoon, not even a mile away from each other.  I felt silly for forgetting they were here.If you've discovered the vintage extravaganza in the West Bottoms the first weekend of the month, you're used to the crowds, the markups, and the quick decision making.  And if you're like me, that's the one weekend you devote an afternoon to antiquing and thrifting, and you forget about the original antique store: the one that's there every week, all seven days.And if you're like me, when you get here, you're giddy with Pinterest inspiration when you remember regular antique stores exist.  The prices are right, there are less "repurposed" items, and more kitchen wares, more average furniture for the fixing up, and more eclectic hodgepodge.  And you kick yourself for forgetting -- the prices are more affordable than the first weekend shops!Luckily I came in here a little before they closed (5 o'clock on Sunday), or I might have bought another armload of stuff.  The employees were friendly -- I really appreciated that they weren't running us out of the store -- I tried to hurry, but I don't think they would have bothered me if I had kept browsing.  I found an old violin case, a houseplant stand, a metal pitcher, and a couple small tins.  This is a pretty big store, with plenty of room to browse.  They have a whole area devoted to furniture, most of it affordable.I'm still excited about all the goodies I found this afternoon.  I'm looking forward to going back when I have more time.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,5/22/2013,102,158,1,9,8>This is my new favorite meet up spot.* Premium teas* Healthy Juices* Gluten free snacks I can't contain myself when a new local business is slated to open.  And when said local business is near my house, I get even more excited.  But when the local business is a dedicated gluten free establishment, I am beside myself.  This is a first for a Kansas City business to my knowledge, & I am thrilled to have it so close to home.t. Loft is located in a small strip of businesses directly south of QuikTrip on the Missouri side of  State Line at 80th St.  The space used to house my optometrist's office, where I snagged my favorite purple glasses.  But now it has been transformed into a gorgeous room complete with chandeliers, comfy pillows & seating, a welcoming vibe, AND a menu full of teas, juices, and snacks.If you are needing a pick me up, you can grab some tea & go.  But you can also feel free to enjoy a leisurely cup of some premium tea creations (Coconut Cacao Pu-erh Almond Latte for example).   OR if you are needing an immune boost, try one of the many juice options.  So far I have only tried the gluten free brownie, which was delicious.  But I plan to go back at least once per week to try the other snacks.  The Easy Breezy juice/tea combination drink was very refreshing. And I also tried another one that had kale, apple, and citrus tones to it.  I could not decide which one I liked the best.  This is a great place for everyone who can appreciate tea, snacks, or juice.  But for those like myself, who find it challenging to even eat out at all, this place is an extra special, essential, & very welcome addition to the area.  The owner is no stranger to gluten free, & can assure her customers with Celiac disease that everything offered at t. Loft is 100% safe.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2012,5/21/2013,31,184,,6,2>well, I told my wife we were going on an adventure and to the northland we went to try this well reviewed indian resteraunt for a sunday lunch.  the first thing we noticed was that it was kinda of tucked away in the back of a giant shopping center.  it was bright and cheery and smelled declicious.  I was worried at first because there were a lot of empty containers on the buffet, but what i soon learned was that in order to keep certain foods from getting dried out on the buffet, they would bring a bowl around of finger foods and offer them to you as you sat munching on your food.  this was a nice touch.  they definitely had some of the freshest food that i think we've ever had a buffet, it was very tasty, though limited.  i would say the actually buffet was about 1/2 the size of Korma in Westport, but all of the dishes that were on it were delicious.  I'm not sure that we would drive up north to try this place again, but if you live in that area, give it a try, because it's easily the best food north of the river.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2013,5/20/2013,27,35,,4,2>Sometimes you want to eat with your family (yes, including kids) and you want something that is home cooked without having to do it yourself and without having to go to an expensive and pretentious restaurant. I am thankful that I just found Anna's Oven to satisfy this need. I am not traditionally a fan of spinach artichoke dip but found theirs to be quite good. The choices are what you would expect from a place like this - lasagna, beef stroganoff, meatloaf, sandwiches, soups, roasted chicken  are just a few of the traditional items that one could grab here. The mashed potatoes and gravy and the zucchini I had were excellent. I was perhaps the most surprised and pleased that my picky kids ate their entire servings of chicken with noodles (quite flavorful) and the macaroni and cheese. I tried both of these dishes and both were very good.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,5/19/2013,255,475,2,7,5>I only heard of this place because someone had given me a gift certificate, stating, "It's a foodie place - and you seem like a foodie."Not knowing what to expect, I made a reservation for two for a Saturday night. When we arrived the hip little place was no where near full, though the hostess was turning those without a reservation away. We sat down near the back of the old store-front turned restaurant layout and admired the local art on the walls while watching the place fill up at an enormous speed. Though the atmosphere at first seemed snoody, our server was personable and very patient with us as we read over the menu at length. The options were awesome - appetizers are create-it-yourself cheese plates with humus or bread or olives :) I ordered a bunch of cheese and bread and an entree of mac and cheese with sweet potato (I can start my diet tomorrow). We enjoyed a few drinks with our food and left perfectly full but not stuffed. As we were leaving we noticed a huge line waiting to get in. Sure glad we made online reservations through Yelp earlier that day (a super easy step which made the whole evening possible). I can't wait to show this place off to my out-of-town friends here.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,5/18/2013,74,1211,,10,2>When this place says "Europe" they mean EASTERN Europe. So, don't come here for Spanish, English, French, German, Italian, or even Greek specialties. You will not find many. What you will find are specialties from places like western Russia (and former republics) and Bulgaria. I am particularly found of the Todorka brand stuff from Bulgaria I have bought here. Some of the jars of vegetable sauces are delicious. Tomato and peppers. Tomato and eggplant. Add these to the starch and meat of your choice for something a world apart from Ragu. : )There are also many pickled items that I love... even my beloved green tomatoes. Fresh and frozen meats are stocked here as well. Fresh pastries and cheeses, too.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,5/17/2013,202,441,1,4,4>It is impossible to not fall madly in love with this store from the second you walk inside. I had always heard good things about Reading Reptile but had never checked it out for myself. I couldn't control the inner child in me! There are giant statues of every fictional character hanging from the ceiling, sitting on the book cases, having a tea party, lounging against the wall. I spotted The WatchDog from The Phantom Tollbooth and The Very Hungry Caterpillar. The door is designed to look like your exiting the store through a giant alligator's mouth. They even have a small cupcake shop in the front. This place is beyond incredible. I don't care if I looked ridiculous gawking at all the characters from my childhood books. I loved every second spent in the store.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,5/16/2013,49,99,2,3,3>I had been checking the Boulevard website for the past 4 months to check if any weekend openings came up for tours. I think a group must have cancelled, because I managed to get my reservations about 3 weeks before. 3 weeks may seem like a long time, but it really is nothing compared to what most other people have waited to get in for a tour. The wait is worth it, we had such a fun time. I thought it would be interesting and a fun way to spend part of a Saturday, but it ended up being a lot more of a good time than anticipated. We had a tour at 1:00pm, so we were able to get brunch and then head over for some touring and some tasting. The tour itself is about 40-45 minutes long, and I was a bit sad that the line wasn't running when we were there. I'd like to go back on a weekday so I could see all the machines at work, but I still liked seeing all the different rooms/processes the beer goes through before hitting my belly. You also will manage to get one of the best views of the KC skyline from the newer portion of the brewery. One thing that is very obvious about the tour guides, and anyone who works there is the fact that they love beer. The passion for the product they make is very obvious in everything from the decor, the building, and the people. Boulevard Brewing is a KC favorite, and Boulevard seems to love KC as much as KC loves them. I loved that they have postcards and signs made by Hammerpress. If you haven't checked out any Hammepress items you really must! I grabbed a couple post cards to send out to friends and family. Oh yeah..The free beer was pretty awesome too. I had never tried the smokestack series, and found that I loved all but one I tried. We also were able to try a tester beer of Belgium pale ale. Pretty tasty! The best part of going with someone is you get to try double the beers! We managed to try all the beers we hadn't previously and left feeling like we needed to hit up a liquor store to keep up the pace of the day.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2013,5/15/2013,28,124,1,1,2>First let me state as a Lawrence Townee this place has always been good, but since it's moved to it's new location (on 10th street), I feel everything has stepped up a notch.The Mirth has severed as a blend of several different types of restaurants (which is one of the many reason's I've liked it).  They've got an awesome coffee shop, breakfast cafe, and lunch/dinner place.  As long as I can remember these offerings have always been available.  Their new location is smaller so the tables seem a touch more crunched but here's some great tradeoffs- a much more anesthetically looking venue, a self serve coffee bar, and a bathroom you don't have to walk a mile to.  I cannot say enough about this place.  They have several great offerings on the food menu.  I generally tend to steer near the poached eggs with their amazing hollandaise sauce.  It might seem crazy but their breakfast potatoes taste better now.  Here's a few things they need to work out with their new joint: 1) The tables - They moved their old tables (very worn) to their new location.  I'm sorry to say but they look bad at this new place.  And because their space is smaller they're really hard to sit in and get comfortably in and out (for things such as refilling a coffee mug).  When we left we pushed the chairs in under the table and without people in the chairs, they barely fit.2) The coffee bar - I'm sure they're still working this out, but the at the three different times I filled up, different coffee's were completely out.  Good thing I was set on a specific type because each time I had to change.  I personally would like to see stevia as a sweetener option.  I could only find the sweet and low, plain sugar, and honey for my options.And just a final note: The Mirth used to allow you to come in the evenings with a bottle of wine and charge you a corking fee.  I hope they still do that!  Forgot to look and ask while I was there.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,5/14/2013,31,61,4,9,9>Fresh, juicy burgers and sandwiches by Kansas City's own Local Pig!I had the meatball bánh mì, and it was delicious.  It had the classic components of a bánh mì, (pickled veg, Sriracha, and cilantro,) but the meatballs were really the star of this sandwich.  They were juicy and flavorful, and seemed like they may have a hint of coconut milk in them.  At any rate, they were extra delicious.  I opted for the combo with house-made potato chips and a Diet Coke.  I'm not a big potato chip person, but theirs were excellent.  I'm glad I didn't pass them up.  My only small quibble would be that the bread didn't seem to be quite "right" for the bánh mì.  I think something smaller (and perhaps a tad crispier) would better showcase the meatballs.  Overall, it was a great experience: fast, efficient, tasty and a good value--everything one would look for in a great food truck!  And this was only their first day of service.Oh, and fear not, non cash-carrying Yelpers... They take credit cards!
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,5/13/2013,148,216,4,5,4>Saying Jose Peppers is Mexican is using that term loosely.  But damn, it's good stuff.  Lunchtime is always quick and the service at this location has always been great.  It's a pretty big place, so I've never had to wait at lunch even though the parking lot is overflowing and the inside is packed.Chips and salsa come out to the table immediately.  Because corporate life apparently makes people so ravenously hungry that they couldn't wait another second to stuff delicious, hot, corn chips in their mouths.  The salsa is mild but tasty and they always keep the bowls filled.  Kudos for bringing separate bowls for each person so you don't have to worry about that pesky double-dipping problem and share germs with all of your friends.The espinaca dip is a must.  This stuff is so good they sell it in the grocery store!  Creamy, cheesy goodness!I always order the Spinada Enchilada because I'm a creature of habit.  A flour tortilla wrapped around spinach and cheese and covered in a white cream sauce.  It's served with rice and refried beans.  I'm hungry just thinking about that giant plate of carbs!  But there's spinach, so it's healthy!  But a warning, when I went last week and ordered the Spinada Enchilada, the waiter said it wasn't on the menu anymore.  GASP!!  He managed to get it made for me anyway, though.  Crisis averted!What are you thinking, Jose Peppers?!  Getting rid of my beloved Spinada Enchilada?!  I've been ordering that for well over 15 years now!  Don't do this to me!  As long as the kitchen will still make it for me, though, I guess I'm fine.  That better be going back on the menu, though, or there will be rioting.  And some sort of internal crying.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,5/12/2013,8,47,3,4,4>This is a great little spot that I plan to slip into more often. It had been on my list for awhile, and one recent beautiful Sunday afternoon....after meditation....I took a stroll around the 'hood. Perfect chance to pop in. Here is the bottom line for me. I have strong opinions about coffee. I have been trying to find a local coffee shop to call my favorite. There are several that appeal for their atmosphere....location...hours. (None are called Starbucks) But the actual taste of the coffee has been lacking just a bit. They've been "fine", but not great. For me, Little Freshie has the best tasting coffee that I have found in KC thus far. So, I give them a point for cute. Point for window seats. Two points for taste. And a point for decor (there is the cutest little bud flower holder on the window seating bench that caught my eye. I wanted to put it in my bag and take it home. I did not, so if it's missing, it was not me!).It is the epitome of small, neighborhood spot....which is a good enough reason for you to go spend your hard-earned money. BUT...on top of that, it's a feel-good place with taste-good coffee. (I cannot wait to try the snow cones come warm weather!)Go. Go. Go.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,5/11/2013,216,313,3,7,4>Natural Grocers, why has it taken me so long to discover you??After returning from a recent trip to SF, I found myself hypervigilant to every orange peel I didn't compost, and woefully guilty at the numerous plastic bags I was given on every errand run. Call it fate, or maybe just some magical vibes that bring Green people in Lawrence together - but on a whim I found myself in Natural Grocers one day...and my life changed a little.The produce section here is small but fresh, and I love that they offer a substantial amount of weekly/monthly specials (unlike The Merc, which usually only offers monthly savings on primarily boxed/frozen foods). The bulk section is extensive; the main drawback is that items are pre-portioned. I'm not into herbal supplements but if you are I would imagine that Natural Grocers is more well-stocked than The Merc, judging by the fact that this section takes up almost half of the store. Also, the employees are super friendly. Do expect a friendly smile and conversation, but do not expect them to ask you "paper or plastic?" when you check out. Instead, you'll be offered a reused box to pack your items in. Upon hearing this I was exuberant! Unabashedly joyous! I don't think I've ever been so happy to be offered an old box before! Which, admittedly was an overreaction, but it's these little moments that will keep me coming back. I'm pretty sure the existence of Natural Grocers is going to significantly improve my remaining time in Lawrence. Me and my reusable canvas bag are stoked!
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,5/10/2013,30,269,,7,3>I've been hearing from friends that there is competition for the best Catfish in Raytown Missouri and today I decided to check out Couzin's Fish and Chicken for myself for a carry-home lunch.I am so impressed with the Catfish that I just had to give them a shout out!  The catfish fillets are scrumptious.  The cornmeal breading was light, crunchy and absolutely grease free.  Even the ones that I ate cold this evening still managed to  retain some of the crunch they had while hot.  My friends are right:  Couzin's Catfish is great!I ordered a couple of sides with my meal and got a side of fries as well.  Hubby liked the fries and I thought the coleslaw was very tasty.  However, I cannot give the same endorsement of the Red Beans and Rice.  I really love Red Beans and Rice and like the way that several local restaurants put them together.  But Couzin's version is different than any I've had before.  There was an almost sweet quality and I could pick up a hint that seemed to be cinnamon, which just was not what I was looking for.  I like my Red Beans and Rice to be savory and also enjoy a little bit of heat.  So the Couzin's Beans & Rice didn't hit the spot with me and I am withholding that five-star rating.  I was in about 1:30 p.m. and the kitchen was out of the green beans so, something tells me that next time I go in for The Best Catfish fillets in Raytown, I will just order a different side and be one very satisfied customer.The building has been revamped from it's former tenant and has a streamlined look with marble top tables and cushioned benches lining the area under the windows where you can wait in comfort for your carryout orders.  They even have a small table with a few hand held electronic games for the easily bored.  And there are some country touches here and there to kind of cozy up the space.  The counter employees are friendly, helpful and all had a smile and cheerful attitude.  Be sure and tell them it's your first time in and they will probably bring out a sample of the catfish fillet for you to nibble while you order.Couzin's Catfish is close to my house and I think we are going to be seeing a lot of each other this Lent!  Just call me Couzin Carol when my order is ready and I'm there.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,5/9/2013,159,346,,9,9>What a fun, new place! I have been looking forward to trying Bier Station and I wasn't disappointed. The place was packed on Saturday night. It was good to see a new locally owned business full of people. The menu board changes every so often with the names of the available taps and the prices for size.  I didn't sample anything because I zoned in on the Imperial Stout. I was pleasantly surprised since I am not a Goose Island fan.  I didn't have a chance to look over the case of beer but plan to the next time I am there.The upstairs is nice with plenty of room.  I am looking forward to going back this summer for an afternoon there. With the garage doors open, I can see this as a must go during the summer.  In addition to the stout, I had a pilsner which had an unexpected pop of flavor.  It would be great paired with BBQ.  The selection of beers, per their Facebook page, seems to rotate often.  There is definitely something for everyone.  Overall, Bier Station is a winner!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,5/8/2013,23,129,,5,4>I've been eating here now, since it's opening and have been remiss in kicking it up to the 5th star, that it deserves.  I have never had a meal at Wanda's that was lacking. Over the past season Wanda and her crew have given me food ranging from Kielbasa and Kraut,Ham & Beans Tuna Wraps and fresh fruit in the hot summer months, Fish and Chips that shame the big city establishments that specialize in such items.  Of course she also offers Hot Roast Beef,and sandwiches that are always hot and freshMake sure to either save room for her home made desserts, or do like I do...take it home with you.  One of my favorites is the Buttermilk Pie..definately an old time recipe, Delicious!, Blackberry Crisp also creeps up on the menu board that is worth an order...sometimes homemade ice cream is available to top it.So here it is gang, an upgrade in stars that is richly deserved.  Its worth the drive to DeSoto if you are in a different part of town.  But be aware, get there before closing time at 3pm.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,5/7/2013,48,122,2,4,3>This is the first chiropractor that I've ever felt inpspired to write a Yelp review for.  It probably helps that I found him by way of the fellow Yelpers, so I'm just paying it forward.It seems like chiropractors are generally either amazing or insane (occasionally amazingly insane, but that's a whole different can of worms).  Dr. Page tops my amazing list.Most chiropractors tend to fixate on one particular method-- usually that popping your back will fix everything.  Dr. Page could tell almost instantly that most of my pain was actually the result of muscle tension and strength issues.  Aside from the normal adjustment to re-align everything, he did some muscle work and some deep massage to unknot the tension, and I left feeling better than I had in months.He's flexible with scheduling and even though he's not on my new insurance provider list, paying the cash price for a fraction of the visits I'd normally have to book with someone else evens itself out in no time.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2013,5/6/2013,284,96,1,7,7>Putting off the prix-fix menu of Valentine's Day, we decided to try this little place based on other reviews. On a rare snowy night, the comfort food couldn't have been more perfect. In a dimly lit, cozy place, our window table either had a view of the restaurant or Westport happening behind us. I went the traditional route: Spinach Salad + Pan roasted chicken + Chocolate Chip bread pudding. Everything was so good I ate it all. In fact I woke up completely full because it's pretty hearty stuff. I think this place embodies KC. It's friendly, delicious, unassuming and underrated. I would pencil in some time to try it out when you can.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,5/5/2013,115,89,10,5,3>I could see myself being pretty good friends with The Jacobson. Not like, besties, or BFFs or whatever the kids call it, but you know--decent friends. First of all, they're really, REALLY close. I can walk there in like, 3.5 minutes. (Please don't use this to narrow down where I live, find OUT where I live, and stalk me. Unless you're hot. Then it's okay. [unless my wife finds out]). This is convenient, because the CLOSEST place for me to walk to is Manny's, and as far as I'm concerned, Manny's can suck a bucket of rusty bolts. Huh?So anyway, I like the proximity. Secondly, they have a fantastic patio. It's clean and well maintained and mostly free of pigeon shit and socks or shoes of random homeless people, unlike most of the ground in the surrounding area. Third, they have this really incredible fucking hamburger (steakburger) called, well, The Jacobson, and it's "topped with short-rib marmalade, bone marrow butter & crispy onion straws." (I stole the description right from the menu, so you KNOW it's correct. Accuracy is important when reviewing restaurants on websites.)This burger, oh sweet Jesus, THIS BURGER. You think that it'd be really rich because of the short rib marmalade and the BONE MARROW BUTTER, and you'd be completely right, but that doesn't matter. What matters is that this is seriously delicious. It tastes like a hamburger (steakburger) in Heaven would probably taste like. Like, this is the kind of burger that Jesus would probably enjoy for lunch with his bros, maybe at the bowling alley where he was bowling a PERFECT FUCKING GAME because he's Jesus, you know? But be careful with this burger. When I bit into it, it went all, "Peter North" with the hot butter juice and delectable fat, and it shot up and it hit my cheek and I swear to God it burned. The second few drizzles rolled down my chin and singed my beard. I'm not even making this up. But it's worth it. It's totally worth it. Oh, but they were out of Freedom Fries when I went, so I had to settle for their housemade sweet potato chips. I fucking HATE sweet potatoes worse than I hate my neighbor's dog, so that wasn't cool. But it happens, I guess. So call ahead about the side items. Or don't. Because that's completely stupid. But DO go and make mouth love to this delightful steakburger. Or, let it make love  to your mouth. I'm not sure how that works, exactly. TAKHOMASACK.@StanfordWhistle
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,5/4/2013,150,498,4,7,5>I received the news of the opening of a third Oklahoma Joe's location with joy and a little trepidation.  Hurray, it's just a few blocks from my work!  But, oh no, does this mean they are devolving from awesome BBQ dive (gas station, no less) into ordinary chain food?  Will they be able to maintain the same quality across all three locations?After a couple of visits, my fears were put to rest.  It's the same great food -- burnt ends, Z-man, pulled pork are all just as wonderful as the original 47th Street spot.  I could discern no appreciable difference in the smoke ring or the taste.  (Beans are still nobody's favorite, judging by the other reviews, but I like 'em; they have a little peppery zing to them.)  The building itself is a clean, bright, anti-divey Leawood-standard property, which totally doesn't match the food... you feel like you're walking into TGIF or some other national chain, but that feeling stops as soon as you get to the counter.  It also has the added bonus of some thoughtful planning for crowd control to keep the lines orderly.  With this addition, OK Joe's now has me covered for all my possible BBQ requirements -- I can do lunchtime at Leawood, head over to Strang Line for dinner or take-home, and take my out-of-town visitors to the gas station for the fully-monty KC BBQ experience.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,5/3/2013,88,148,,4,3>I came here on a Sunday because I had planned on trying out the buffet. They had tacos, rice and a few other things...but I decided to get something from the menu instead. When I got there the waiter gave 2 types of salsa; one was regular and the other was hot. They both were really good, but the regular seemed to have a little more flavor. I got a burrito with chicken, which was really good. I loved the fact that it came with fresh guacamole on it. The food was very inexpensive but tasted great!I also got a chili rellano and a fried chicken taco. The taco was okay and the chili rellano would have been really good to me if it wasn't coated with eggs. I had no idea that the chili rellano had egg on it because I've never had one that did.I told my waitress that I had no clue it came with eggs and asked if I coud get one made w/o eggs and she exchaged it for me. It was probably my fault for not reading the description before ordering(not sure if the menu says its coated w/ eggs or not) but she happily exchanged it for me. I will definitely be making more visits to this place. The only thing that I would change is to offer a little more variety for the lunch buffet. Other than that, the place is excellent. The staff is friendly, the food is great and the prices are very reasonable. Keep up the good work!
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,5/2/2013,728,115,3,7,4>I still remember the last time I rolled up on a Jiffy Lube.  My two year old sons interest in machinery made me confident this opportunity to get up close to oil and lifts would become a crowd pleaser.  Upon entering at 9 AM on a Saturday with a small bag of toys a cup of coffee and a "waiting space" we had the opportunity to get to know "Todd" who was also waiting for his vehicle - we were the only ones up in need of an oil change.  His greasy long hair glistened and it appeared he gyrated to the beat of a drum we did not hear, he continued to pivot quietly in the corner of our confined space.   As much as I expected him to pull a little "it rubs the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again" he awkwardly asked me how old my son was with a menacing grin. It is entirely possible this dude was harmless, I thought this as my son started to mimic his dance moves and impatiently realized we had been sitting here for 30 minutes.  It is also possible he wants to skin me and wear my hair as a hat.  Much like the ongoing question about licks and tootsie pops the world may never know. What I do know is that I will never have to wonder if I am in close proximity to a serial murderer while getting my oil changed again.   "The Mobile Change" comes to my work and completes all my basic car maintenance needs without trying to upsell me  on nitron super premium oil or something else equally as irrelevant to a person who consistently went 3,000 miles over the recommended 3,000 miles between changes.  I say that in the past tense because now like clockwork the Mobile Change completes my car maintenance every 3 months, I never have to think about it.  The Mobile Change folks are fast, courteous and ensure the aforementioned situation never occurs.  Give them a call; unless of course you dig lotion and dark holes.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,5/1/2013,118,260,3,6,4>The Cashew is the kind of place that stands the test of time. It's not kitschy or gimmicky. It's not fancy and it's not a dive. It's just the cashew (slightly fancier than it's older sibling, the peanut).At it's core, the Cashew is a bar but it has surprisingly good food. It's a great place to go for a few drinks (or a lot of drinks) if you think food should also be involved and you want something more than beige bar food. I've been to the cashew for after work drinks, late night drinks, going away party drinks, holiday drinks, and even weekend afternoon newspaper and crossword puzzle drinks. Each time, like a chameleon, The Cashew felt right at home. I should go there now actually.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,4/30/2013,43,112,4,1,2>Love Room 39 and this may actually be a rare situation where the Mission Farms location is better than their downtown KC couterpart.  We started out at the bar to have a drink and that alone was a great experience.  The bartender was really fun to watch and puts a lot of love into his libations.  It was like Manifesto, but without the need for night vision goggles so you can actually see what they are doing.  I had a Moscow Mule which was served in the traditional copper mug, very tasty, but you can only have one since it is 95% vodka.Dinner was very good.  The guys had the 4 course tasting menu and the ladies each got the gnocchi which had an unusal preparation by boiling for 1/2 time and pan searing the other half.  Made for a crispy texture on the outside, but soft and tender inside.  I wished I had just ordered my own because it was that good!  The Nantucket Bay appetizer was very good and I really enjoyed the KC strip.Sometimes you are very fortunate and eat a dish that is truly unforgettable.  For dessert the goat cheese beignets with caramel soup will be burned into my memory for the rest of my life.  So good!  As far as the restaurant itself there is a certain Mission Farms sterility to it.  Yes, it is nice, but it does seem to lack a little personality.  But after the meal I wouldn't have cared if we dined in the middle of the Walmart toy department.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,4/29/2013,516,731,5,5,4>Long story short: I think I just found my new burger spot.Long story long:I had heard about this place a few months ago, and as a self-proclaimed burger connoiseur, I definitely made note of this place.  My girlfriend decided to take me here for my birthday.The location of the restaurant is in a little non descript strip mall, though this strip mall, being in Prairie Village, is still nicer than your typical strip mall.  Our first impression of the restaurant is a nice yet casual with a little bit of a retro feel.  The way I like to put it, it's nice enough to bring a date, but casual enough to go with a group of friends.  Their outdoor patio features a fireplace and overall, it seemed like a good atmosphere.  Their bar area wasn't terribly loud with several flat panel televisions and a communal table, acting a little bit as a barrier between the bar area and the main dining room.  We were lead to a table in the corner of the restaurant, so we were able to get a good view of the entire area.Immediately we were greeted by our server, who apparently was a trainee and had her trainer standing off to the side, but still present.  We looked over the menus and were made aware of the milkshakes, in particular, the peanut butter marshmallow milkshake, made with peanut butter, marshmallow fluff, chocolate sauce, and vanilla ice cream.  My girlfriend ordered an orange cream soda.  We looked at the menu and everything looked good, including the make your own Mac and cheese, but we came for the burgers.  I eventually decided to get the Big Hoss, which has a fried egg, BBQ sauce, onions strings, cheddar cheese, all on a 1/2 pound patty.  All of their burgers are 1/2 pound.  They also had non beef burgers such as turkey, bison, chicken, and vegetarian.  We also got a "combo", which is our choice of 3 sides.  We got the BRGR fries, sweet potato fries, and onion ringsMy milkshake and my girlfriend's soda came out first and WOW, my milkshake was REALLY good.  Good enough to to share with my girlfriend (though I still did).Our food came out and we dug in.  Everything was really good and there was a good balance.  The patty was cooked just right and I thorough enjoyed it.  My girlfriend got the "Mangia" which came with a Parmesan crisp, fried tomato (she substituted fresh tomato), and a basil aioli.Service was very attentive and friendly.  We decided to take dessert home, getting the chocolate cobbler, served with vanilla ice cream.We left very full and very satisfied with our experience.  We will definitely be back again.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2013,4/28/2013,151,400,,6,4>Was a bit worried about the 'second visit' jinx...you know: where you write a great review, then after that, you realize you spoke too soon, and the place just had a once in a blue moon great night when you were there.Thankfully, CER is STILL wonderful!  Now, the directions via Yelp were horrible. Using common sense got us there instead.  We were treated like royalty, as were all the patrons. All the employees were working together to make sure all their customers were taken care of.  We had probably 4 different people refill our waters, and check on us regularly, but somehow, were not intrusive at ALL.  And one of the employees was so awesome and bought us cake. :)The food was wonderful.  I'm partial to one dish, and it was as good as last time, if not better.  My husband's meal (filet) was a bargain, yet delicious.  If only I could find a restaurant I liked as well as this one closer to home. How is it Independence can one-up JoCo? ;) (at least in my book!)They do not take reservations, but we didn't have a wait at all, even though they were very busy.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2012,4/27/2013,195,325,3,3,2>I liked the pizza...but I liked the guy that took my order even better.I called a little after 8 to see how long it would take to get a 12inch pizza ready and to confirm their close time (website said 10).  He said it would take about 15 min and they close at 9, but if I called the pizza in he would have it ready for me even if it was a little past.  I didn't put him through that.  Picked it up around 845.Just a couple of guys still hanging out at the bar...but even they were friendly when I came in to get my pizza Nice hot, crispy crust.  Kinda thick...but that's ok by me.  Got the kitchen sink and ate in my car like an addict... sigh.Pretty good pizza.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,4/26/2013,421,655,3,10,7>Wink is right on Mass Street. They carry a higher line of eyewear. So prices will be higher. We ordered a pair of glasses we had been looking at, but waited for the vendor trunk show so we could get a discount. At the show there was a frame very similar to the one we wanted and when the frame arrived there was a mix up in the order. Some places would have said sorry you are stuck, but not Wink. They took care of us and got what we really wanted. They ordered the other frame, reground the lenses to fit and never once made a complaint.This was great!The eye glasses were perfect. The staff professional and well trained. Our experience was top notch though it could have easily gone a different way. The staff is fun to chat with and pays attention to what you like. I was going to show my son a pair of sunglasses I had looked at several weeks before. One of the staff noticed I was looking for them while my wife got her glasses. She went right to them and handed them off so I could model them. Good old fashion customer service still exists and it abounds at Wink.Great job.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,4/25/2013,117,917,4,4,4>Somehow I had missed this place in my trips to the Trader Joes that it shares a building with. What a neat little store. It's fairly small, but has a pretty cool collection of stuff for mostly dogs. They have really fantastic specialty treats that our dog seemed to absolutely love. Heck, some of them smell as good as human cookies. No joke. They aren't cheap, but for the occasional splurge to treat your pooch...it's awesome. They also have a decent toy selection, as well as a good selection of collars. Other odds and ends abound as well. It appears they do full grooming too, but I didn't see a list of what they offer or their prices. Michelle said back in December that everything was made in North America with the treats, but we distinctly saw a wall of treats that were "Made in Holland". Not Chinese, but also not North American. Service is relatively non-existent and this is the only reason I hesitate giving 4 stars instead of 3. The ladies behind the counter pretty much did all they could to avoid interacting with any potential customer. Aside from that, pretty cool spot for Spot!
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,4/24/2013,75,200,,3,4>I had only heard good things about Michael Smith's restaurant so my expectations were undoubtedly high. I had only looked into the small, cozy and intimate setting, mostly in passing to get to Extra Virgin, but was pleasantly surprised at its humble, yet sophisticated nature. My sister and I paid a visit during KC Restaurant Week so we took part in the RW menu. For starters, I had the braised pork tortellini with tomato argue. The outer-shell seemed a tad overcooked and the flavors were lacking, but generally speaking, it was a decent dish. For my main course, I had the pan fried hanger steak. The steak was cooked perfectly, no complaints there. To finish off, the apple bread pudding was ranked right up there for me next to some of my most favorite desserts in KC. The ambiance is definitely classy and the waiter we had (Stefan) was awesome! My sister and I look like "young kids out on the town" but weren't treated as so. Stefan was patient with us and helped us select a delicious white wine to complement our dessert. The best part of the evening was when Michael Smith himself came up to our table to ask us how we enjoyed our meals. He is down to earth, humble and kind; a direct reflection of the service and overall experience we had at his restaurant.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2012,4/23/2013,56,253,4,2,3>I've been waiting until I visited again to give this review. The first time I came here was during First Friday in June. My friend suggested we go there and I didn't realize we were going to walk 15 miles to get there. Maybe I exaggerate, I am a suburbanite, I had ACL surgery 6 weeks earlier and was in a brace and I am middle-aged. Seemed like 15 miles, maybe it was only 8 blocks or so.The good news is that during First Friday, the chocolates are only $1 each, regularly $1.75. The bad news is the wait is long. I think It was built up too much. The chocolates were good, just not worth all that. Not sure anything would be.So, I visited again last Saturday through the Taste of Kansas City Tour. This time I was wowed enough with my one taste (Venezuelan Spice) that I went back after the tour for more. As everyone else has said on Yelp - the beauty of this chococlate is not just skin deep. It's pretty on the outside as well as uniquely tasty on the inside. This is not volume chocolate but tiny bites chocolate. This is impress your girl chocolate not late night munchies chocolate. This is hipster chocolate.Anyway, go get some. If you are the kind of gal who looks like she needs a sandwich or two, you might just have one, or buy a few and eat one a day. If you are a regular gal or guy, buy 3 or 4 and eat them right then.  It's OK. We won't tell.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,4/22/2013,0,64,2,6,3>When my favorite fellow food snob informed me she was going vegan my inner child food snob wept, and I found my self uttering the phrase "It's good for Vegan" rather often when talking to people.  So I found my self floored when we ended up at Cafe Gratitude and finally found a vegan place that was just plain great!  With out any qualifiers!  Besides the food being good it's great for you and I usually feel better when leaving.  If you go you should also try something from the drink list on the back side of the menu.  They are great.  Some of them are a meal by them selfs.I could do without the fu--fu naming of the meals.  They all have a single adjective names like inspire, awaken, vibrant, etc.  And when the server brings you your meal they have to say "You are Vibrant" or "You are Awakened" or what ever it was you ordered.  It gets old and has an tired 80's theme restaurant feel to it.  It is a small price to pay for what you get though.I was more than happy enough just to have a Vegan place that I actually liked, but was blow away when the deserts were actually good too!  If you go on a night were they have the Tiramisu and they have not run out of it TRY IT!  And then call me!  I keep seeming to miss it!
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2012,4/21/2013,18,67,3,5,5>I've been here several times and I have to say it's a pretty cool place. What sets this hookah lounge apart from others is that it caters to a younger crowd. Now I'm in my late twenties and I have to admit I felt a little old compared to the 18-21 year olds lol but it's a fun place. I love the glow in the dark atmosphere and the music, mostly hip hop, I also like the laser lighting. They seem to always be doing specials so it is also more affordable than other places I've been too. It's hard to talk above the music when they get going so its usually better for groups of friends than a date lol.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,4/20/2013,12,119,2,1,3>Very flavorful had a pork luau that had a good toasting on the wrap.  Very busy menu, but it works especially when they have someone who gives you the crash course when you make your order.  They are slammed at lunch, but are adequately staffed.  They are just that popular.  Only enough room for two on the production line, but had a person for ordering, one for paying, and one in the back helping out.  Focus on their wraps mainly the hot temp specialty ones, but have cold cut ones and even soup.  Please invite me out to lunch in the northland so I have an excuse to go back again.  Could eat at this place nonstop for every meal  3 weeks easy.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,4/18/2013,54,211,,3,3>If for no other reason, I love Harry's because they taught me to love Breakfast Stout. They seem to have a reputation among beer geeks for their extensive selection, and while I'm not a fanatic, I do enjoy a discovery now and then.I chose the Founder's as a joke sort of, to go with my favorite Harry's dish, Chilaquiles from the breakfast menu (Breakfast Stout, get it?), which you can order any time (more love for Harry's!). Grilled chicken, cheese and tortillas in green chile sauce, with scrambled eggs on the side. Friggin' fabulous! Another time, I had one of the best Croque Monsieur sandwiches I've ever had. They offer a lot to choose from without trying to be all things to all people-you know, Asian, Italian, Mexican and American all on the same menu. In addition to the big beer list, Harry's does something else I love: booze flights! Why limit such an ingenious concept to wine? When the Scotch and  Bourbon lists run upwards of 60 bottles each, it's REALLY hard to choose! And there's no better way to decide if a 750ml bottle is worth what ol' Pappy VanWinkle says it is.Now old-time country western music isn't one of my Pandora playlists, but I'm always intrigued by the Roy Rogers Fan Club decor...is it tongue-in-cheek, or are they serious about it? Who cares, it's fun! And you can't beat Cowboy Beefcake in the Ladies' room! My experience with the service here has been pretty unmemorable, either way-neither outstanding nor infuriating. It seems like I've always been here in cold weather; I haven't been on that patio since it was Big Daddy's (...moment of silence for my long-departed favorite Cajun joint...), but I'd like to hear some music here. Spring can't get here fast enough...
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,4/17/2013,11,64,3,6,8>Happy hour.  Happy hour.  Happyhour.  Happyhourhappyhourhappyhour.I'm sorry, I just drifted away into my happy place.I've been plenty of times, but Friday night's happy hour was extra special.It was Mom's birthday.  It was also Restaurant Week, First Friday and there were nine of us.  From the first moment we walked in, the experience was exemplary.  Knowing we had a largeish group, we asked about seating.  Not only did the manager help find us a table, she put us into the little conference room-type place right by the bar.  Our waiter was fabulous, and all drinks and food came out extremely quickly.The food here is amazing.  I'm not a fish person in general, but I always manage to enjoy a few bites at the Bristol.  Cocktails are strong and tasty -- a perfect combination.  The Bristol has always been my family's special occasion restaurant -- my parents even got engaged at the one on the Plaza 31 years ago.  The way we were treated on this visit made it even more special.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,4/16/2013,65,258,,5,3>This was a real discovery. Took a gamble on getting good Mexican in a small tourist town, but I did.The owner was extremely friendly. He brought out a chalupa for us to sample while we decided on our meals. The guacamole is fresh made to order and was excellent. The owner also brought out samples of a couple extra salsas that were very good.The queso dip was also clearly not from a can.I had the chile relleno and it was stuffed with the same homemade queso. The breading was good and batter based, bot from crumbs.The rice was a little odd, more of a Middle Eastern style, but good with some salsa on top for extra kick.The chimichangas are massive and I'm told were excellent.Then the owner brought out a free dessert of ice cream and fried flour tortillas with honey and cinnamon on top. Two gratis items? Friendly service? Authentic, fresh guac?? Oh yeah!!!!
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2013,4/15/2013,160,211,2,3,2>We had a GREAT experience at this place.  It was Saturday morning during a weekend long bachelor party.  We were recovering from Friday night with some delicious breakfast, and prepping for the rest of the day with bloody marries (bloody marrys?  marries?  neither of those look right...).  Our server saw us coming a mile away, and played ball with us.  He joked, filled our drinks quickly, suggested things we could do around town, and put up with our pseudo debaucherous behavior that might've turned off other servers.  We were looking for a long tail tuxedo jacket for our groom to wear that night, and he had some suggestions for that as well.  Very good guy, and he really made the trip.  I wish I remembered his name, but he was a bartender somewhere else, and was very cool.  Great job!Other than that, the food was pretty good.  The view is amazing.  However, if you are a bachelor party, be aware that your voices will echo off everything.  So.  Just know that.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,4/14/2013,47,54,1,6,3>I was actually advised to try this place by a fellow Yelper (Thanks, Corie C.!) and so, on my never-ending quest for good Thai, I gave it a try tonight. It. was. AWESOME!I went for dinner and was not expecting it to be such a nice restaurant! The atmosphere was cozy and pretty up-scale for a Thai restaurant, it was make a wonderful date spot! I just ordered carry-out with my mom, and while waiting, the man serving us offered us water and we talked with the owner, who was very charming and sweet! As for the food, we ordered Crab Rangoon, which was very rich and veryyy yummy, so yummy that my mom and I had to rock-paper-scissors battle over the last goon-lol! Our entrees were equally as delicious, and the menu is very large so there is sure to be something for everyone!Could it be? I didn't think I'd ever get to say this, but my quest for good Thai close to home may FINALLY be over! Alas, I've found The One, and it was truely love at first bite.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,4/13/2013,35,139,2,9,5>I was so excited to find out my husband was taking me to Story for our anniversary. I'd wanted to try it for ages, especially since the chef has received so much interest from the James Beard foundation and Food & Wine magazine. The décor is simple and subdued - the walls, curtains and wall hangings are white with dark wood floors. An interesting circular ceiling design flanks the bar and adds texture and warmth to an otherwise simply dressed room. Our server was attentive. He was that perfect combination of being helpful but not intrusive - he was quick without rushing us through our meal. When choosing between two main course meals I did ask him for a recommendation and he was a little hesitant to endorse one dish over the other. My husband and I each choose a cold starter - he went with the Caeser salad and I with the beets. Both were absolutely delicious. The beets came with smoked walleye, stracciatella cheese, capers, apples and dill-mustard vinaigrette. The dish was absolutely perfectly balanced - I think I will dream about it. I ate every last bite.  Tips on Yelp led us to try the smoked duck empanadas and we were not disappointed. I have never wanted to lick a plate before, but if it were socially acceptable I would have done it here. I was actually sad when we finished this dish because I could've gorged myself on these alone. For my main course I ordered the lamb crepinette. This was served with roasted asparagus, cauliflower couscous and lamb jus. It was absolutely delicious - the lamb was so tender it could be cut with a fork. The cauliflower was pretty subdued. My husband had the sturgeon served with mushroom risotto, cauliflower and pancetta. After he finished his meal he used the bread at the table to sop up the remaining bits of sauce and goodies left on his plate.For dessert I ordered the lemon bar and he had the donuts. Now, I want to be all high-brow and say that donuts have no place on a menu like this, but O.M.G. they were absolutely elevated and delicious beyond belief. They were little puffs of doughy heaven glazed with angel tears. Who knew donuts could taste like this? The lemon bar was good, btw, but the donuts will forever be a part of my heart. Overall I would say this has been my best dining experience in a very long time. Service was impeccable. Atmosphere was subdued and let the food shine as the star of the show. The food was out of this world. We have been to some of Kansas City's best restaurants and for food, service and value I would put this at the top of the list - we spent half of what I assumed we would, and we each had cocktails and wine. Will I go back? As soon as possible.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,4/12/2013,95,53,2,5,6>This is the place to take your out-of-town guests who think you live in a podunk, fly-over place.I've been to art museums in cities with a higher cool factor than my hometown that didn't hold a candle to the Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art.Just a few of the things I love here:- The American paintings- The sculpture park along the perimeter of the beautiful, expansive lawn- The modern art collection- The ancient Chinese temple- The architecture - both the original and the innovative, new Bloch building- The reflecting pool out front- The beautiful Rozelle Court- The fantastic special exhibits they bring to town- and of course...the shuttlecocksI can and do spend hours here, visiting my favorites and discovering new wonders. And all this can be yours...for free. This is what an art museum should be.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2013,4/11/2013,160,440,6,10,5>When the sweet naysayer challenge was sent out on FB for the ROTD I felt like someone slapped me in the face with their glove and the duel was on! I was on my way out anyhow and this was not very far out of my way to make a stop. I like savory foods, I also like sweet and savory combinations, there are some sweet things that I love, but if you place a roast beef sandwich and multilayer chocolate cake in front of me, I am going for the roast beef! I do have my weaknesses though. I will do pretty much anything for a cookie.... ANYTHING! You don't even have to use a double dog dare if you have a cookie! The Girl Scouts send me awards for sending multiple troops to camp each year!One of my huge issues with specialty shops like these for desserts is they have a huge menu, but make a selection of that menu each day. For the people like me that don't love desserts this can keep us away. I thought a pecan pie sounded good and although not on the menu, had my hopes up that they would happen to have a custard pie. I walked in and no pecan pie. Although the other pies looked delicious, nothing was jumping out at this picky dessert eater. I ended up going with another nut pie that resembled a pecan pie (I can't remember the name.) The name made it sound very rich and I wasn't sure I would be a fan, but I LOVED IT! It was not super sweet as expected, had delicious flavor, and the crust is nice and flaky. I also got a spinach and sausage pie for my breakfast this morning. It was perfect and they need to list these on their website! Fresh herbs, a nice balance of spinach and sausage, the flaky crust, yummy!I also could not pass up the cookies. I grabbed a couple of chocolate chip cookies to snack on while I ran my errands. I have said there is no such thing as a bad cookie, at least I have not experienced this yet. These cookies did not disappoint. They are good sized and a lot more filling then they look. They are light, but not cake like. They have the perfect ratio of chocolate chips. I bet they are even better hot out of the oven with a ice cold glass of milk! My only disappoint was that I didn't pick two separate flavors to try, or a box full of cookies! :)The service was spot on. Very friendly! I probably won't be by often just because I am not a dessert person, but when over in the area or at the farmers market on Saturday mornings, this will be a great spot to stop for a cookie or a savory mini breakfast pie. I am happy I accepted the challenge. This would be a top of my list place to go to for a pie for any event! Dessert lovers, Upper Crust is a must stop for you!
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2012,4/10/2013,184,236,3,8,4>My energetic rocket + basenji + manchester terrier mix loves it here, and so do I. If you have a dog that bounds around with endless energy for hours on end, this is a great outlet! Not only can your loved one can get supervised play time (split by size of dog), but you also get sent home with a 'report card' to update you of his new friends and favorite activities.Pawz at Play is superior to many doggy daycares since they screen their daycare pals by offering a few free hours where your dog can test them out and for them to see if your dog is enjoying it there. This is great, since it screens out any overly aggressive or anxious dogs that may be dangerous. While their check in hours may seem annoying to deal with (there are no half days, and you must drop them off by a certain time in the morning), they have excellent rationale behind it: the dogs bond and are comfortable with each other by mid day, and you wouldn't want to disrupt it by bringing in a new dog. I love that they have a nap/snack time they implement mid day so that dogs can rest and have their own space for a little bit. You can drop your dog off with a packed lunch/snack, and the empty bag is sent home with you so you know it wasn't forgotten. The only thing I would comment on is some of the staff are 'grouchy' at the end of the day. Granted, I can understand that if you're dealing with a hundred dogs that are like wild children running around...My dog is always bounding toward the door when we arrive at Pawz at Play, and can't wait to get away from me to play, but he's always ready to snuggle and is calm when I pick him up at his crazy party times with his new friends. We'll be using Pawz at Play for a while!
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,4/9/2013,8,37,3,10,6>I just realized I need to shed a little more light on this place.Imperial Foot Care is unlike any other massage place I've been to. They are open 7 days a week from 10am-12am. Yes, midnight. This fact may raise a few brows but, oh baby, it's so amazing.When you first walk in you're greeted by the woman at the front desk. You need to decide how long of a massage you want. I'd go for the 30 or 60 minute massage. All of the massages include an amazing foot soak and rub, so don't worry about that. At this point you may also tell the lady if you have any special requests like light touch, any no-no areas like a sore wrist or whatever. She speaks English well and will let the masseuse know.The actual massages take place in the main room that you first walk into. The lights are dimmed with soft-synthesized Asian music playing in the background. The massage chairs are all aligned like theater row seating. The actual chairs are large micro-suede chairs that fully recline. They used to have a TV on but that has been nixed. In the summer they may open the windows weather permitting.Sit down, take off your socks & shoes, roll up your pant legs. Remove your jewelry including earrings. I recommend taking off any extra clothes, too, including sweaters, but keep that sweater nearby as it makes for an excellent light blocker during your foot rub (more on that later). You just pile your stuff next to you beside the chair.Most of the employees there do not speak English but if the pressure is too hard speak up because you'll be sore the next day. If your masseuse does not understand you he or she will get the main desk lady to help translate. This is not your standard Swedish massage. They really get into the massage. It's fast paced, firm, and your chair will most definitely squeak. Sometimes they use their elbows, they'll pinch, karate chop, and shake your appendages. It's weird at first but feels so amazing. Your body is draped with a plain white towel. This helps keep you warm, acts as a barrier between the masseuse and your body but also helps people be comfortable with their bodies.Here's a tip - when your foot massage begins, grab your cardigan and put it over your eyes. If you don't have a sweater, use the towel. I do this every time. It blocks out any extra light and you can zone out.What are the cons of this place? It does smell a little like feet. Also, sometimes the massage can be too hard but this can be fixed by letting them know when its too hard. Around 5-6pm there is a possible wait of about 30 minutes. I've left the front desk my phone number and walked around World Market. She'll call you in case a spot opens up before you return. I've noticed I do get pretty cold during the massage. In the summer this is not an issue. I really wish they had heated towels to drape on you.Bottom line: Just go already.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,4/8/2013,49,45,,6,3>O!!!  M!!!!  G!!!!!I don't even know where to start.  All I have to say is JUST GO!!!  This little gem is tucked away in Wyandotte County and apparently has been hidden from me for years.  So I have a lot of catching up to do!Simply put, this is the best fried fish I've had since I've lived in Kansas City.  The batter was incredibly seasoned, not overcooked and you could tell the fry oil was fresh and not old.  When you walk in to the restaurant, the aroma of cooking fish is just intoxicating!  And don't be in a rush - your order is cooked when you order it!  The food is desperately fresh and just so freaking good!I had the talapia (sp) and my husband had the catfish.  You have a choice of ordering a 1/2 pound, 3/4 pound or a full pound of fish, along with succulent sides.  Oh by the way, the cole slaw is amazing!  There were a lot of cars in the parking lot and a lot of people in the restaurant, which is always a good sign!  You can also get hot sauce (maybe it's their own blend) and tartar sauce to go along with your fish.  I realize I'm going all over the place and I'm probably kind of scatter brained.  Suffice it to say City Fish & More is freaking outstanding.  As I said in the beginning, JUST GO!!!!  You will not be disappointed.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2012,4/7/2013,16,282,5,6,6>I've had this place on my list to try for awhile now, and decided to make it my birthday dinner. It was an excellent decision! We showed up before 6 and were able to take advantage of the 1/2 price appetizers. We tried the pot stickers and thought they were very good with a very flavorful sauce. The staff was friendly and definitely helped us with our menu selections. Hubby had a cashew chicken dish that he really liked - it was listed as a spicy dish, but was fairly mild as far as spicy goes. I had a dish with scallops, shrimp and asparagus. It was wonderful! It had quite a bit of spice to it and everything, including the asparagus, was very fresh tasting. It was an entree, so it was a little more than I would have normally spent at a Thai place, but I do not regret my choice at all! I was also impressed that they had a choice of 2 red blends on their wine menu, that is a rarity in my opinion and I appreciated that as well.We felt that the prices were reasonable and the food was excellent and the only reason it did not get 5 stars was because of the fact that they do not have any window coverings and I continually had headlights from the strip mall parking lot shining in my eyes. If they could fix that, they would be a 5 star for sure!
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,4/6/2013,530,119,5,7,8>This is my lunchtime BBQ standby.  I don't know why these guys don't have more "notable visibility", to be honest; it's certainly much better than most of the smaller joints in town, and more easily accessible than those that have more attention.  Why stand in line all day when you can get into this place and have some of the best pulle pork in town?Don't get me wrong, there are often times it's so busy in there you can't find a seat.  But the helpful and (VERY!) friendly staff is always on the look out for a table for you, and it's a well-known part of the drill to be on your way when you're done with your meal so that other folks can have a seat.Friendliness, a well-attended and clean dining room, and honestly some damn fine BBQ are always great reasons for me to swing by at lunch and have a plate.  I've tried every sandwich plate they offer (fave is the Pork), and it's nice to have that variety, to be honest.  The sides are always delicious and made on the spot, as well.  Never thought of Jambalaya as a BBQ side, but they make some great stuff, fo' sho'.So, let those others stand in line at the gas station; there's some my-tee-fyne stuff waiting right down there on the BLVD, and they're happy to oblige.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,4/5/2013,292,268,3,6,6>Pandolfi's is the kind of place that I would eat at multiple times a week if it was in my neighborhood.  Great food, great service, clean place.The meatball sub is the best meatball sub I've ever had.  its-a-mighty-tasty!  Great flavor, tender balls of meat on the perfect crusty roll.  Every sandwich I've tried is great here, the meatball is just fantastic though.  Great soup, great salads and the freshest and most enjoyable cannoli's I've ever had.The staff is really friendly.  So friendly that they must own the place.  If not, the owners need to teach other places how to have such awesome customer service.The space is clean and charming.If you find yourself just east of the Rivermarket, make a point of getting your ass over to Pandolfi's, or make a special trip across town to enjoy a great deli, it would be well worth it.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,4/4/2013,80,254,4,7,6>403 Club, I love you and you frustrate me, but it's not your fault. I was honored to be invited to a friend's birthday party pub crawl that started right here at 403 Club. The plan was to have a few drinks, order some pizza (they don't serve food but you can call for delivery) and then hit some other Strawberry Hill bars. I had no idea what to expect, as 403 club is rather unassuming, however, it turns out this is one of my favorite bars in KC.  Actually, as far as bars go, it probably IS my favorite.  They have such an awesome beer collection, on tap and in cans/bottles. Good beer, craft beer, microbrews, and they have plenty of top shelf liquor. After a glass of Rye on Rye and something else, I switched to vodka and ginger ale. I was so happy that 1: they had ginger ale, and 2: Tito's vodka was 4$ a pop. That's not a special. That's the price every day. The bartender was awesome, friendly and efficient, and he offered us some of the pizza that HE ordered prior to our delivery arriving. What a guy! His pitbull, who could be found roaming the joint, was just as sweet. So what frustrates me? Why..... Seriously, why can't we have a place like this in my neck of the woods?  Old OP sports bars should take note. They could learn a lot from 403 Club. I should also note that this "pub crawl" turned in to spending the entire evening at this place. It's THAT fantastic.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,4/3/2013,176,193,2,7,5>At my local mega-mart (which I love, BTW), I can get chicken breasts from the meat case for $2.99/lb.  They're labeled as "Bulk Chicken Breasts" on the package.  And they taste like bulk chicken breasts.Here... you won't find those.DISCLAIMER --  I haven't cooked the meat I've brought home, so this review is a little premature.  However, they bring in meat from local suppliers, and I've had said meat before at other venues, plus it all depends on how you cook it and all..... so this review is really all about the place.Admittedly, you're not going to find giant quantities of meat here.  But, you're going to find locally sourced meat, including some very unique kinds -- sorry, it's tough to find quail, rabbit, and goat  at the mega-mart.  They also have some unusual sausages and types of bacon -- again, finding a miso bacon at the mega-mart is pretty hard to do.The service, though, is what sells the place.  The guys were friendly - the place is well kept, and it's inviting.  Plus -- on my visit -- there was a power outage in the neighborhood.  They kept on trucking, and even had an iPhone backup so I could still pay with my debit card.There are times when, indeed, you want or need "bulk chicken breasts".  There are times when you don't.  And now you know where you should go when you don't.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,4/2/2013,182,367,,5,4>Decided to check out the Majestic after a friend raved about the filet mignon sliders, and we were definitely not disappointed.  We had tried to get drinks at happy hour around 6pm on a Friday, but the compact bar area was already brimming.  We left but vowed to return...  Finally we made it here around 5pm on a Monday and were able to get two seats at the bar.  The bartender was slammed at the time so we had a bit of a wait for service, but the staff was very friendly and the bartender was animated, making for an enjoyable evening.  We started with Boulevard pints ($3.75 at happy hour) and the filet mignon sliders ($5).  The sliders arrived with a heap of rustic steak fries, cooked to perfection, but the real star was the slider.  The steak was incredibly tender and a tasty slather of creamy, slightly spicy slider sauce.  The fluffy potato bun perfectly complimented the tenderness of the meat.  While others around us got crab cakes, salmon sliders and goat cheese (all on the $5 hh menu) we absolutely loved the sliders and will definitely be back just for them!Have to get there early to take advantage of happy hour because the bar seating is limited, and if you arrive late, you may not be able to get any service.  We'd like to come back to see a jazz show in the downstairs club area too!
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,4/1/2013,69,196,3,9,5>I really, really like Americanized Chinese food. Like, slap some crab rangoon and General's on my plate and I don't care if there's nigh an actual Chinese person in range. I know absolutely nothing about real Chinese food, so if that's what you want to know about, seriously...ignore my review.This place serves great Americanized Chinese food, and BONUS, they have a killer sushi bar. The buffet is massive. It includes many meat dish choices, lots of noodle choices, steamed and fried rice, a huge salad and dessert bar, soups, and apps (like my lovely, cream-cheesy crab rangoon). The sushi bar features a really large number of options, made fresh by a sushi chef behind the bar. There's also a selection of entrees such as salmon and roast beef (Right? In a Chinese place? Eh, what do I know?).The restaurant itself is really clean, and the food is fresh. It's replaced often. Joy Wok is always busy, and at least half of the patrons appear to be Chinese. This leads me to believe it must have an element of authenticity that I'm too ignorant to appreciate. It's a nice looking place, and the staff is friendly. It is a little expensive for a Chinese buffet, but I feel that the extra money is worth the peace of mind of a clean, well-staffed restaurant that uses quality food ingredients.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,3/31/2013,50,122,,4,2>On Friday I still had some sore tendons knee my knee that were making impossible to continue running and I wanted a good massage right then and there! Well, I went to the Solaris Massage website and was thrilled to see that since I had been there before I could view available time slots for a massage and choose the therapist that I wanted, all in a few clicks! As someone who hates making and receiving phone calls I can't even begin to describe how much I appreciated this!Long story short -- it was 2:00 pm and there was time available at 5:00 -- in just three hours!! I chose a 90 minute deep tissue massage with Kip and it was great! Her style is much different than what I am used to for deep tissue, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. There were times when I was so relaxed that I nearly fell asleep!My tendon pain is still around, but if one massage had fixed that then it would have been a miracle. However, for ME to feel relaxed is still something. For someone who has felt increasingly tense, both mentally and physically these days, the massage was a welcome treat.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,3/30/2013,44,529,5,4,1>I'm a sucker for Panchos.  I eat here all the time.  I have the mixed breakfast burrito on Thursday mornings and the Steak and Egg burrito on Fridays.  On many Saturday afternoons I have to have the smothered burrito which is one of the most fabulous dishes ever dreamed up by a Mexican.  The smothered burrito is a huge burrito stuffed with seasoned pork and then covered with a spicy salsa verde and a sprinkling of cheese, served with rice and beans.  I love to pour cream salsa de aguacate over it (spicy avocado sauce).  It is velvety and creamy and spicy (some say hot) and it throws that ding-dang burrito right over the cliff.  Jeezyweezy!  It's like riding a roller coaster of flavor it's soooooo dang good!  The breakfast burritos are full of meat, potatoes, egg and cheese and usually keep me satisfied well into the afternoon.  So listen, if you're all uptight and snooty about Mexican food, just keep jambalamba walkin' on by.  What this joint lacks in ambience is more than made up in the quantity and tastiness of its vittles.  It's also great for an after-bar chomp-down but if you've got a delicate gringo stomach, better pass on this here joint toute de suite (oops French...sorry).  As someone else pointed out, gut bomb is kind of an appropriate moniker but...in a good way.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,3/29/2013,46,82,3,6,4>If you live downtown, you should really use this grocery store to its maximum capacity. Once, I went to the store hungry (not a smart thing to do). My quick trip ended up being a complete overhaul of my kitchen with any and everything that sounded good. I had walked down, not thinking I would go to infinity and beyond with my couple item grocery list. I was laughing about it at checkout with the cashier. She asked me did I have an extra ten dollars. I said yes, somewhat perplexed. She called the assistant manager over - told him what I did. He then began to tell me about the delivery service they have. Plus, there is an option to order everything on line and have it already pulled and ready for you when you get there. Which would have been good for me before I did the damage I did. If you don't see what you need, you just write a note in the memo and they will call you while pulling the order. SWEET!Customer service is a lost art. I don't know any other store that does this or is this helpful. Imagine if you had guests and ran out of something? Or if you are sick and can't get out of bed? Or, if you just don't have the time? Major points for me.P.S. The early morning breakfast buffet when they have sausage and gravy attracts lines, big lines. It is that good.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,3/28/2013,76,303,,2,3>Had a lovely dinner with the hubby at Le Fou last night. What strikes me the most about this restaurant is that it is consistently not just good, not just great, but amazingly fabulous! Every time! The service? Laid back, fun and attentive. The food? Indescribably good. This time, the hubby had the rack of lamb and I had lobster tails. The rack of lamb portion was astounding. My hubby hit his limit and actually took food home which is unusual for him. Of course, he had to save room for dessert. If you go to Le Fou, you absolutely must have the chocolate mousse. You must.  C'est magnifique!
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,3/27/2013,339,655,2,3,3>Need your watch worked on? This is the place! I recently received a birthday gift and needed my watch adjusted to fit me. I walked on up without an appointment and I was waited on right away by a very friendly jeweler. He removed the links and adjusted my new watch in minutes for only a couple of dollars. He even showed me how to use it. I just love old school hole-in-the-wall shops. There just aren't enough of those anymore. It's all chains :( Please patronize this guy! Of note, parking is easy and free in their private lot.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,3/26/2013,212,100,2,4,1>As a place that has been on my list to revisit for about 4 months now, I was finally able to seize the day one random Thursday afternoon, and my experience was nearly flawless. I had called ahead to find out if they had a certain beer that I'd wanted to try and as often happens with good craft beer, that one was gone but I stopped by anyway since I was in the area.  So glad that I did. I sat at the bar as usual, but toward the end because I had some Yelping to do and didn't want to risk another customer's spill to happen near my computer.  It was a really quiet day and the two other customers at the bar seemed to know the bartender and staff.  Everyone smiled as I walked in and nodded and the bartender gave me a second to unpack my bag and get settled before expecting me to order. I love when service fellow industry folks have that finesse on a slow day.  I ordered a beer that I've only hd in bottle and was very excited to try it on tap.  This was the only place in the area that I'd heard had it.  He commented that not many people order it and started talking beer with me when he had breaks.  He said it was only his second day behind the bar but I was impressed that he knew what he did being so new.  The manager also came out and introduced himself and talked beer with me for about 20 minutes.  I could tell they were bored on the quiet afternoon but they were not annoying and did samples of several of their beers that I'd never had with me. For lunch, I went with the shrimp, pepper, and pesto flatbread.  It was HUGE! but really delicious. And with how thin the crust really is, I was able to eat about half of it which was kind of a surprise.  There were several other menu items that looked delicious and I can't wait to try more. The prices were good for the quality of what I had. Definitely worth it but as a regular haunt, distance will keep it from entering the rotation.  I highly recommend it if you're in that area though!  As a side note, I was given a heads up for when they'll be tapping their last keg of that beer I initially wanted to try and let me say, I'm looking forward to May.  I'm not telling what it is though. Can't have it gone before I get there next time!
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,3/25/2013,53,126,1,5,4>Gosh I love this store!  This place has a little bit of everything for all ages.  I usually hit it up every christmas because I can get stocking stuffers in addition to gifts for my kids and all my neices and nephews.  These are good quality, lots of wood options, lots of science related kits.Magnets, erector sets, geology, biology.  This places is packed full of fun.At christmas - despite the craziness they will even gift wrap your gifts for you.  The owners are super nice and if they are out of a toy you want, they'll call you when it gets back in stock.Love Love Love Brookside toy and science!
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,3/24/2013,182,452,3,5,3>Think of it as an Arthur Bryant's of chicken run by Hispanic guys.I was headed to a Mexican joint I'd been wanting to try after getting stood up for a lunch date. No problem, I like exploring the Mexican options in the bottoms instead of eating downtown KCMO or in the Crossroads. Unfortunately, I find my destination has closed so I drive another few blocks and suddenly the smell of smoked meat hit me like a ton of bricks. I flip a U-turn and pull up in front of El Pollo Rey. It's 11:40, not many folks there. Dubious, I check Yelp. Wait... 4.5 after 33 reviews? I'm game.Back to the Arthur Bryant's comparison. The floors are slippery with grease, it's got the joint definition down pat, bare bones, might be a former Dairy Queen building? Hell, I don't know. It's a messy place. But it's *all about the meat.*They have 25-30 chickens roasting on a grill, smoke everywhere. Order, pay, and 30 seconds later a huge plate full of chicken with impossibly too many flour tortillas, sides of beans and rice, a hot sauce of some kind, a plastic bag of cut up red onions (that's a new one). Far too much to eat for $6.50. Within minutes, the place is bustling with guys looking for a big meal to fill what's clearly been a working man's morning for them, and hungry they are.The chicken is smokey, hot and moist. Simply delicious, and so much of it. And that's essentially the story here. Can't emphasize enough what a great job they're doing with the smoke. Intense, savory, the real deal. It a nutshell that's what this venue is about. Not a date destination necessarily. Come here and dine in or get carry-out when you need a belly full of delicious chicken. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,3/23/2013,27,73,,6,3>Oh yum! This is a great place to get a burger and this Saturday it was the perfect spot for lunch. We sat down next to the big screen because Roseanne was on and i wanted to watch it. We were greeted quickly and I ordered a mexican Coke, my friends ordered tea and regular Coke but they do have a long list of Microbrews and actually brew their own beer. We decided to share the large fries that came with homemade ketchup that I couldn't get enough of. I ordered the 4010 which is a double cheeseburger that came with bacon, avocado, Tilamook cheddar, jalepenos and housemade mustard...amazing! My friends both ordered the Brownfield with cheese and while they said it was good, they thought it would be a double instead of a single and wished they'd ordered a double or 2. Their burgers were $5 and mine was $7, we also split the large fries which were $6 so no one paid more than $10 for the whole meal, well worth it!
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,3/22/2013,109,117,4,2,5>Big girl slushies.  What else do you want to know?!Great location in the Crossroads, yummy frozen drinks that are switched our seasonally, great decor! I love the mid century modern decor they have with an industrial twist.  In the summer the garage doors are open and you can enjoy the weather.  I really dig this place.  You can also do "flights" if you can't decide what you want to drink...and the samples are generous!  Do not underestimate the drinks though, you may be in for a rough time with some brain freeze if you do!It's a definite must try for anyone.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,3/21/2013,553,763,,9,4>I am very excited that one of my favorite downtown joints opened up in OP.  Upside- larger space, better service and the downside is more kids and less energetic vibe.  Also, parking can be weird because this place is integrated into a condo building.Food is exactly as the dishes at the Crossroads location.  Butter lettuce salad is crisp and fresh and can usually be split between two people.  My favorite pizzas are the Biancoverde and the sausage.  I also have to mention that this restaurant turned me into a Brussels sprouts eater.  In fact, I duplicated their brussels sprout recipe for Christmas Eve dinner.  Waitress was a little overwhelmed, but still way better service than I ever had at their crossroad location, where you have to beg for iced tea refills and clean plates.I noticed an outdoor patio with a long bench, which I assume will be for extra seating come summer.  That will be a great spot.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,3/20/2013,57,168,,7,4>I don't like writing about a restaurant when they open, but this place is so good I want to tell everyone right away!  This welcome addition to Mass Street combines the quality and flavor of Indian food with the speed of a quick serve restaurant.  The marketing describes it as the "Chipotle" of Indian food and that's pretty accurate.  It isn't about wraps, but rather a simple menu of ingredients served up at a counter in a variety of combinations.  Literally and figuratively, it sits between the carry out Indian style on one end of Mass Street and a sit-down and buffet restaurant on the other.  You pick your items from a menu above the counter and it's dished up on your plate and ready to go by the time you are ready to pay. That's the "chipotle" style they refer to.  Your meal isn't cooked to order but assembled before your eyes to either eat in the large dining room or take it to go.  The line staff were accustomed to naive westerners who don't know what the dishes are or understand the concept here.  Fortunately the menu is small, so it's easy to explain  The carnivore menu is simple:  beef, lamb, chicken or pork combined with rice.  Typical of Indian restaurants (yeah!), the vegetarian menu is actually a bit more adventuresome  including spinach paneer, garbanzo masala, gobi potatoes, rajma and dal. Mmmm.  Kudos to Chutney's for marking what is vegetarian and vegan (no dairy).  I suspect many of these are gluten free, but I suggest you ask about ingredients.  They were very forthcoming about the recipes and even now include nutritional info on their website.  These dishes can either be served individual style with 1/2 a piece of naan (plain, whole wheat, garlic) and basmati rice or entree style designed to be shared and purchased a la carte with rice and naan separate.They also have street style foods that can be used as a snacks or appetizers:  tandoori chicken bites and samosas (Indian version of a New York Knish--which is potato wrapped in pastry).  For dessert your choices are rice pudding or gulab (waffle balls--which I didn't even realize waffles had balls!)  Didn't try the gulab because the rice pudding was darn tasty.  I however did have the mango lassi which is a smoothie style drink.  A small flute of this was $3.50, but that's ok because the other items on the menu seemed fairly priced.  Meat dishes were between $7.99 and $9.99 and vegetarian items were between $5.99 and $7.99.  New restaurants often tweak pricing so I expect some of this may change.  Sure this is the same price as a buffet, but here you get in and out quickly and don't wonder who sneezed into the dish :-)  Also you get out in 1/3 the time because no waiting for a table, trips to the buffet only to find out they are out of naan, and you pay at time of ordering.  This is going to be a hot lunch spot for sure.  Speaking of hot....The taste?  Awesome.  I was really impressed.  Spicy with flavor but not too much heat.  I was worried sitting on a line for a long period of time might dry it out.  It didn't.  While I don't usually order meat, I did try the chicken tikka and liked the fact the chicken wasn't just dark fatty meat.  The naan wasn't fresh like I expect at a traditional Indian eatery, but was a nice compliment to the meal.  They toast it to order but nothing is going to compare to fresh naan, but hey it would be awesome if chipotle made tortillas to order (Chevys!) or the burger place made fresh buns.I was told (and confirmed on their website) they don't use ghee, butter or cream and most meat dishes don't have oil.  I can confirm the dishes I had didn't suffer from the copious amounts of oil I often find in Indian food.    Given the small amount of saturated fat in the nutritional info, I suspect coconut milk provides that fatty mouth feel without drowning it.My only complaint, ironically was the chutney.  The portions were small--just a squirt in a small condiment cup (I'd say about 1 teaspoon)  Two flavors are included and additional ones are 25 cents.  From what I tasted they were good, but the spicy cilantro and tomato wasn't terribly spicy in my mind but again, I didn't taste much of them.  This is another tweak I suspect that will change over time when customers keep asking for me.  The kicker was I had no need for it.  The flavor combinations I received didn't need any accent.The "bar" portion of this isn't quite ready yet.  Just a few beers on tap and in bottles but quite a few TVs if you want to watch the game while eating---I won't be going here during basketball games as I try to avoid those.  Spicy food and beer go along so well, so I'll look forward to a deeper beer selection.Thanks for being so vegetarian friendly and providing Lawrence with a quality sit down Indian restaurant that just happens to provide quick service. Namaste.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,3/19/2013,16,336,,9,2>LOVE this place, and for so many reasons! (hence the long review)Short review: Great prices on medical needs. Great staff, vets included. Great place to adopt a pet and to buy supplies for your pet. Long of it...When we adopted our pup off KCK's death row, we got a complimentary neuter at Heartland SPCA. They did a great job with his neuter, and we were also able to get all his vaccines (kennel cough, distemper/parvo, & rabies) and a microchip for $50. Fifty bucks!!! Deal! Right after we adopted our dog, we also had to schedule an urgent appointment for his kennel cough. Although our dog was terrified of most people, especially men, the male vet and female tech did a great job with him. They examined him in the garage both to keep him isolated and to reduce his anxiety. I really appreciated that. Price breakdown: exam ($15), medication ($16), and heartworm meds for 6 months ($24). Incredibly affordable! When our dog developed a limp, I immediately called Heartland. Unfortunately, they had a month wait, but they put me on the waitlist since they have daily cancellations. Two days later we still didn't have an appointment. By then, we were a nervous wreck, and thus, we scheduled an appointment with another vet in the community. Forty five bucks later we had minimal information and no medication. The vet didn't find anything and thought it was a pulled muscle. We were told to come back in a few days if it didn't get better. She was not very friendly, and didn't even introduce herself to us. When we asked about pain management, she said she didn't want to give him anything yet.   Two days later, his limp was worse, but we were thankfully able to get in at Heartland. We saw Dr. Wilcox. What a breath of fresh air. She was very nice and thorough. She knew her manners and introduced herself and the vet tech. Unlike the other vet, Dr. Wilcox was able to find our pet's injury. She immediately prescribed anti-inflammatories and seemed miffed that the previous vet didn't. She also thoroughly discussed a treatment plan for our pup, and we felt confident/relieved. What a great experience, and it was only $29 for both the exam and meds!!! Within a day or two, our dog's limp was markedly better, and we were breathing easy again. Every time I've been here, the staff and volunteers have been great. There's one person who is not as enthusiastic, but all the rest are wonderful. They love on my dog so much, and make me feel very welcomed. Now, that's just the vet clinic....We also popped into the new adoption center, which is amazing. It is brand new and very nice. The pups have lovely glass rooms that are seemingly sound proof. The dogs in there seemed peaceful. The smaller dogs are in rooms with innovative kennel styles that allow them to run around and see their visitors. There are also visitation rooms for you to meet your next furry friend. The facility was impressively clean (and minimal odor) for an animal shelter. They have outdoor play areas where the dogs get to go often. They also had lots of volunteers walking the pups too.  If you're not looking for a new pet, then check out their pet store. They have tons of great toys for your pets at great prices. Plus, the proceeds go to the SPCA. So drop your Petco/Petsmart card in the trash, and come here to help a great organization!
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,3/18/2013,15,89,,4,4>I grew up in a very (southern) Italian family and am particularly picky about where I get my Italian fare when it isn't coming from mom's kitchen. I agree with some of the points made by a reviewer below; it would certainly be much better if Bella Napoli used the proper rice for their risotto and served freshly-made pasta. I think those are both reasonable requests to make of an eatery/deli aiming for authenticity.That said, Bella Napoli serves up some pretty dang good food. I've only actually sat down for dinner once despite many visits for deli sandwiches, so I'll avoid being overly effusive with my praise. The sandwiches are all wonderful and use ingredients that are about as good as you're going to find without getting them directly from a farm or making them yourself. My personal favorite is the one with mozzarella, prosciutto, and roasted red pepper. At the one dinner I've had here, we started with a sample platter of sorts that included prosciutto, roasted red peppers, olives, and tomato/basil/mozzarella stacks. All of those were quite delicious. I had linguine carbonara which was extremely flavorful but fairly salty. My girlfriend had squid ink pasta with an orange squash cream sauce that was completely amazing. The mild bitterness of the squid ink and sweetness of the squash worked wonderfully together, I thought. Overall, it was quite a good meal.The atmosphere of the restaurant is what really makes everything come together for me. It looks and feels like a local place, and several of the employees strike me as neighborhood high school students. They serve good food, sell quality products, maintain a close link to the community, and pull off an interior that is classy and polished but still warm and inviting. If you havent already, stop by Bella Napoli, and enjoy.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,3/17/2013,87,206,,4,5>My review comes from an atypical perspective...that of a performer in the theater, rather than as an audience member.  I'll save a star for when I'm sitting in the seats, at some point.  From a performance standpoint, it's a blessing to be able to perform at the Folly.  This theater has been around since 1900.  While there is no denying the appeal and allure of  more modern and contemporary venues in KC, this kind of performing arts history is hard to come by.  This theater was a burlesque and vaudeville hot spot.  A then-unknown actor named Humphrey Bogart took the stage here in the twenties.  The Marx Bros. were here, Al Jolson, many others. The building is on the National Registry of Historic Places.  When you think about the generations of people who have passed over the original wooden plank flooring in the auditorium, which people have had the good sense NOT to cover over with carpeting, it's really quite impressive. Yeah, the seats are small. They're vintage...Victorians didn't have desk-ass.  'Tis life. The house is small-ish, which allows for an intimate theater experience.  The building is gorgeous; it's been restored inside to its original color scheme, and the marquee sign outside is newly redone to mimic as closely as possible the original signage.  For those wanting a real slice of arts history in KC, the Folly is a great place to see a show.  I highly recommend finding street parking, but, then, I do with basically everything downtown.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,3/16/2013,27,81,3,3,3>Visited on a weeknight. The service was a little slow - our server was very young and probably new to everything, but another gentleman helped her out and both were very kind. Food was great. Our table of four split the veggie combo and the meat combo. They asked if we wanted it on one platter or two. In hindsight, I think we should have chosen two to keep them separate - looked like the smaller plates had bigger heaps of food and they may have been trying to keep the different dishes from touching atop the injera. But props on making a giant table-sized injera! The beef and the yellow lentils were my faves, but everything was delicious.I had the honey wine - it was bright yellow and unlike anything I've had before. I felt a little bit like I was in Game of Thrones or something. It was sweet and strong and I'd definitely order it again. I'm glad to have another Ethiopian restaurant in town! I still mourn for the now closed Addis Ababa.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2012,3/15/2013,109,469,2,3,3>took my 23-month-old little guy for his first dentist appt here last week. I don't know what was going through my head but we arrived an hour early (I had even written down the correct time in my calendar). the woman who checked us in told me that it would probably be at least 45 minutes, but they had a play room and we were welcome to stay.since I had a few errands to run, we did those and then headed back and went straight into the playroom. it didn't hurt that my little guy's favorite movie (Toy Story 3) was playing. about 10 minutes later, the hygienist came to get us. my little guy loved laying back in the chair and brushing the stuffed fish's teeth. he was very cooperative, but while we were waiting for the dentist, he was starting to get antsy. she arrived moments later and had a padded board so he could lay across our knees so she could look at his teeth. she was great with him and he even let her put a polish over his teeth without being too squirmy.she gave me a lot of great advice about when to give him juice and milk and reassured me that the binky he uses to sleep isn't messing up his teeth. she also showed me the best way to brush his teeth.my little guy even had the honor of being the best patient of the morning and for that he was able to grab and extra toy out of the toy box. I only hope all of his dentist experiences are this painless.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2013,3/14/2013,55,40,2,6,2>This Parisi location just opened a few weeks ago at Park Place in Overland Park (next to Town Center Plaza). I'm a huge local coffee shop fan, but had yet to make it to Union Station and was excited to discover that Parisi had opened a location closer to my house. First impression: "Wow this place is kind of classy" meaning it didn't really feel like a place I could sit down and study but more of  a place for coffee dates or meetings. It definitely has a way different feel than Oddly or Quay. Now on to the most important part - the coffee. The first time I visited I got a pour over with beans from Rwanda, it was so good. Definitely on par with Oddly and Quay. While I was waiting for my pour over to finish the barista informed me that they made all of their own syrups on site, in the kitchen which is definitely impressive.  I headed back the next day with a friend (what can I say, I am a coffee addict!) with the goal in mind to try a latte with one of their in house syrups. I asked the barista for a suggestion and he mentioned that their current specialty syrup was a caramel syrup infused with rosemary. The barista talked it up a lot so I just went with his suggestion. While I appreciate the creativity of a rosemary infused caramel syrup, it kind of tasted like I was drinking a roasted chicken in a cup. The rosemary taste far outweighed the taste of caramel or espresso. Coincidently, a lot of my friends also visited the new Parisi location today and were also convinced to try the rosemary latte and came to the exact same conclusion - it needs a little more work.I'm not letting a latte that tasted like a Thanksgiving meal ruin Parisi for me though. I'm so excited for a specialty coffee shop with excellent pour overs to be so close to my house. I am definitely going to be a regular here.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,3/13/2013,186,104,3,9,4>I was REALLY hungry tonight and craving something I didn't have to cook!  Chicken Macaroni & Cheese to the rescue.My first time there, pretty much as described by the previous review.  (Except they have heat in the winter.)I got medium fries and medium Mac n Cheese (spicy).  Before I even got home I was digging into the fries!  They have gotta be real potato, fresh cooked, and with the skins on; great flavor and seasonings!  The real deal Mac n Cheese was thick and cheesy and totally delivered on the spicy!  I was so hungry I had to stop myself from devouring the entire thing in about a minute.  Winner!No pictures this time, I was too hungry!  Next time, I promise!Thank you, nicholas a. You said the magic word, spicy!
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,3/12/2013,222,511,4,6,6>Ever since moving to the Midwest (and maybe even before), I have a new obsession. Antique malls. I love them. Yet after going to umpteen thousand of them, I can tell you that I usually leave feeling unsatisfied.Brass Armadillo is the exception to that. Every few months, I drive out there because it's a bag of awesome! Definitely my second favorite mall in the area after Rivermarket Antiques (which would be my favorite regardless of any bias of being a dealer there). The thing I love about Brass Armadillo is that there are so many booths and they don't cater to just one genre. Sure there's crap but that's almost everywhere. There's also awesome antiques and neat vintage items just waiting to be found. And the prices are fair for the most part.You need to give yourself quite a bit of time. Even though it's only one floor, it's a really, really big one floor. There are aisles and aisles of booths and when you get down with that, there are several long rows of glass showcases where you can find your smaller items.My only wish is that it weren't so darn far from me. But I can't really knock stars off for that without being a douche, could I now?
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,3/11/2013,24,180,3,3,4>Love, love, love Haus. Even if I do accidentally call it "Wurst" half the time. What can I say, my heart lies with the sausage.I've had both the pork serrano tequila sausage and the curry wurst. Both were excellent. Local Pig meats are a national treasure.And, seeing as how Farm to Market pretzel rolls are another of my favorite things, I'm in heaven. I've also tried the pretzel appetizer with the beer cheese - it's a little more peppery than beery, but still pretty fabulous.The fries are good, and the poutine, while not my thing, was at least admirable. The Belgian waffle dessert was very good.The service both times I've gone has been just great. The first time I went, I drank wine, but was mentioning that I was intimidated by the beer because I tend towards those light American lagers that are the bane of every beer lover. The bartender poured me four or five samples of some draft beers he thought I might like. And indeed, Stiegl Radler became a summer habit last year. In my latest visit, I stuck with the simple on the beer, but one person in my party had some special requests as far as the sides with his sausage and how we wanted the Belgian waffle, and our server cheerfully accommodated all requests without question.I love Martini Corner, and now I'll have an even greater dilemma when I'm trying to decide where to go. It's a good problem to have.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,3/10/2013,55,64,4,5,5>SO I went to a Yelp event here tonight. One word to describe this venue? AMAZING. I've seen pictures of this place, but none did it justice. It has an awesome urban chic feel to it. Exposed brick walls, high ceilings, huge windows and the most massive and beautiful chandelier EVER makes this place super unique and super gorgeous. You could seriously have any type of event here, from the really laid back Yelp Winter Wonderland event to a super glamorous wedding reception extravaganza. Who cares if it's not in the middle of downtown? Parking down there sucks anyway. I'll definitely be keeping this place in mind for my wedding reception!
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,3/9/2013,117,117,,5,2>A burger is not just a burger, it is a true thing of gourmet beauty at Burger Kitchen.We recently went on a busy Saturday.  We had an amazing server by the name of Desiree.  The place was pretty busy, but we were handled very fast and very efficiently.  We started with an order of Gorgonzola Bacon Fires which were incredible especially when paired with the Smoked Chipotle ketchup.  My lunch mate ordered The Smokestack (burger, carmelized onions, smoked applewood bacon, and a healthy stack of potato chips), while I settled for the American Kobe (Kobe beef burger, carmelized onions, shiitake mushrooms, and a goat cheese croquette). Both burgers were juicy, flavorful and very satisfying especially when paired with a Stella Artois.The price was good, the food was great, and Desiree was incredible!  I am definitely up for a return trip as there is much more on the menu to try.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,3/8/2013,23,59,4,5,3>Don't be shy. Walk up to the food counter. Say hello. Order. Get yourself a drink. And a table. Make yourself at home. And then go up to pay your bill. I've eaten here a handful of times, both dine in and carry out, and always love their food. If you have a hankerin' for a trip to Mexico, but don't have the time or money, go here to eat. It's an easy and quick substitution. They also have other market items, like candy bars, piñatas, and odds and ends. In October they had these super-cool yard-art figures made out of metal parts. They were items to purchase for Halloween and Christmas. Similar to the figures that stand outside their door. Sadly, they are all gone and they won't be ordering again until next year.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,3/7/2013,43,125,2,5,2>You either love or hate Pancho's. I actually love "some" of their menu items. The four stars is mainly for their food. Unless you speak spanish, it can be a rough go making special request. Of all three locations, the Olathe site is by far my favorite. The KC, Mo location has had many struggles in the past with customers and the health department. Lenexa location isn't bad. Especially now that they are finally remodeling the place somewhat. Another big big plus for Lenexa Pancho's is the fact they stay open 24 hours a day. I will save some funny stories trying to get the workers to wake up and take my order during a review of their lenexa location. Oh yea, the workers snoozing in the back have happened to me at the Olathe location in the past also.In my opinion, the burritos are the star of the show in Olathe. Their authentic tacos aren't bad, but the burritos are a must try. I don't know what t is about their burrito tortilla's but they are heaven on earth! So good I request that my burritos are double wrapped with two tortilla's. Amazingly, their tortilla's are the closest thing to my grandmothers growing up back in the day. Soft and chewy with little crisp griddle marks stamping these tortilla's. I still don't believe the cook I was talking to one day that told me, "Our tortilla's are supplied by Sysco Foods". Don't believe it and never will. Anyhow, some of the best burrito's on the menu are the breakfast burrito's. Served all day but cost a little extra after 11am I believe. Here's my #1 Burrito at Panchos: Refined beans, eggs, grilled onions, potato's, rice, and occasionally cheese. Double tortilla and sprinkle with salt & pepper. Squeeze 2-3 limes inside the giant monster burrito and dip that sucker in some of their green or red sauce............Oh my God!~!!! Wash it down with Mexican Coke or a glass of lemon ice water. I'm good for the rest of the day. There are a ton of other burrito combinations, breakfast, lunch, and dinner. California burrito is pretty good. Texano is really good. They have combo's and all the usual suspects of a Mexican American restaurant. Here's the deal with Pancho's; Their menu consist of the usual over cheesed americanized items, but they also have the gritty authentic dishes most Americans shy away from. I'm telling you it's a vast menu and somewhat overwhelming for first timers. The few things I don't care for at Pancho's are for one; their guacamole. The stuff is really weird. The guac is a light light lime green color. Has no flavor and way too runny. Their meats are a tad too tough and chewy. Lacks seasoning and too much dark meat for their chicken dishes. Like I said, customer service is non-existent. The Olathe Pancho's used to operate 24/7. That ended a while ago. Ton's of complaint that workers would NOT answer the phone or come to the drive thru window during the night hours. I was told they were sleeping in the back of the kitchen on more than one occasion. In fact, the owner even had the restaurant phone calls forwards to her cell if the phones were not answered after a certain amount  of rings....Too funny. Still, if you get to the Olathe location in the mornings don't be surprised if there are no workers present during normally opening hours. This too continues to happen. Oh well, take the good (food) with the bad. I miss Pancho's dearly. Always try to make a once-a -month Pancho run when I'm able to. Give these guys a try. But remember, it may take a few times to get comfortable with their set-up and find what you like.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,3/6/2013,238,295,4,1,3>OMG this should be illegal! Cocaine, and Heroine are illegal. Maybe it's because I've been on a diet...or maybe they just sneak some super, double, double , top secret orgasm juice into their custard. What ever the case! This is outrageously good! Scary, dangerous great!  I'm just saying...Never have the " Royal Turtle" Sundae. It is life altering. Just don't start. The next thing you know, you'll be breaking into houses for money to buy concretes. You've been warned! Oh! I hear that they have food here too. Who knew?
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2013,3/5/2013,73,173,,3,3>I dined at Urban Table last night for Restaurant Week, and took my mom who is in town for the weekend.  This was my first time there and had a wonderful experience.  The interior of the restaurant is very "urban".  Exposed piping, high ceilings, modern tables.  We arrived a few minutes before our reservation, which was at 6:30.  We were greeted by the hostess and host as soon as we walked in, but were told it would be a few minutes before we could be seated.  The bar area was packed, and there isn't any seating in the host area so we had to just awkwardly stand around.Luckily, we only stood for about five minutes before being seated.  Our server brought a fresh bottle of water to the table, and took our drink orders.  We went with a delicious petite sirah.  The restaurant week menu was awesome!!!  Four courses for $30....I'm not sure of any other restaurants that offered this.  The first course was shared between two people.  It was a tough decision between the mussels and crispy polenta fries, and the polenta fries won.  They were served with two dipping sauces...a spicy aioli and a sun dried tomato ketchup.  I loved the aioli, but thought the ketchup was too sweet.  The polenta was perfectly crispy.  We then each got a mixed greens salad with a pistacchio vinegarette.  I'm not a pistacchio fan, but the salad was deicious!  For my main course I went with the herb encrusted pork chop.  It was cooked perfectly and came with cheddar mashed potatoes and a white wine sauce.  My mom got the grilled salmon and roasted yukon potatoes.  She thought the salmon would have been better baked because it was a bit dry.  For dessert I went with the bread pudding brulee.  It was delicious.  Tart cherries and bourbon.  Yum!  My mom got the apple caramel cake and loved it!Throughout the meal our server was attentive and friendly.  All the food came out on time despite the restaurant being packed.  I'm looking forward to dining here again.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2012,3/4/2013,532,417,,9,5>We had an amazing experience at Sullivan's. We can't stop raving about it to our friends and have already planned a date to go back.We went to celebrate our anniversary and they took incredible care of us. My husband made a reservation, mentioning it was to celebrate our anniversary. We we arrived they were running 10 mins behind and suggested we wait in the bar. They gave us a round of drinks on them as we waited.After about 10 minutes we were seated and greeted. Our server knew it was our anniversary and offered us another round of free drinks and a complimentary entree. We had the Kung Pao calamari, it was excellent. A bit of spice, fresh cilantro, crunch from peanuts and perfectly calamari. For our main course my husband had the ribeye with the peppercorn sauce. He said it was one of his favorite steaks he's had. I tried the seabass and it was perfectly cooked. I did think the soy flavor was a bit overpowering in the sauce. I prefer to taste more fish than sauce.To finish up we had the bananas foster bread pudding topped with ice cream. It was delicious, big enough to share. I loved the combination of the bread pudding with bananas foster.During the meal they came and took our photo. The manager served our dessert and brought us a card with our photo inside, signed by all the staff. Just this week, about one week after dining there, we received a hand written note from our server. She said she hoped we had an enjoyable anniversary and would come back to see them soon.This was a great combination of delicious food and quality customer service. The menu is a big pricy, but we thought the whole experience was worth the money. Next I think we're gonna go on Thursday for their all night Happy Hour.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,3/3/2013,11,25,,11,4>China Express epitomizes great takeout food.  Every dish is skillfully prepared, and the consistency is always spot on--so if there's a dish you love, you can count on it tasting the same on your next visit.As my tip says, this restaurant is my gold standard for proper takeout Chinese, particularly Moo Goo Gai Pan, Schezuan Beef (my personal fav), Moo Shu Pork, and Curry Chicken.  The crispy spring rolls are amazing, especially dipped in a mixture of their house-made sweet & sour and spicy mustard.  It's the perfect mix of greasy/crunchy with the proper amount of filling that's perfectly seasoned.The fried rice is always good, although I prefer the plain fried rice (as comes with the lunch special) to the vegetable/meat/combo varieties.You can't go wrong here, especially if you're looking for delivery or takeout in the Northland. Most. Underrated. Chinese. Ever.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,3/2/2013,34,41,,7,2>Rye is a superb new POV from the owners of Bluestem, Chefs Colby and Megan Garrelts. Whereas Bluestem (the dining room, not the bar) focuses on an upscale American menu with an emphasis on coursed meals refined cuisine and wine pairings, Rye is a more homestyle American fare, with the types of dishes you would expect from a Midwestern cow town with a budding and sophisticated restaurant industry. Fried chicken and chicken-fried steak, BBQ, catfish, grits, greens and a host of custom cocktails work together to give Rye a clear identity as a restaurant.On our initial visit to the place, we didn't plan ahead enough to get a reservation, and on a Saturday night at 7-ish, that was definitely a mistake. The connection to Bluestem has clearly done wonders for the young Rye's reputation, and the food certainly seems to be up to the challenge of fulfilling that reputation. The better half and I were eager to try the place, so we grabbed a prime spot to watch for places on the bar to open up and not five minutes later, we had a seat with our very own view of the bartenders crafting unique cocktails. Watching one of the guys make the Sweet Corn Fizz was so interesting that I had to try one for myself. I can't imagine that it's very healthy, seeing as how it contains egg whites, cream and a house-made liquid called "corn water", but it was fantastic. Sweet and acidic, it was clearly created by someone who knows how to work with flavor profiles in alcoholic drinks.Onto the food. We were disappointed that they were out of the roasted brussels sprouts, but luckily the food we did get to try was outstanding. We shared a side of the Cottage Fries, which were crispy little half-dollar sized discs of fresh-cut potatoes, covered with herbs and parmesan and served with a side of ketchup and gravy. The potatoes had the perfect balance of crispy outside and soft, chewy middle. They are definitely worth a re-order, and they went perfectly with my chicken-fried steak. I assume the batter they use is the same as is used on the fried chicken, and it was fantastic--light and buttery with a satisfying crunch. The gravy actually came in a cup on the side instead of slathered all over the cut of meat, which I imagine helps preserve the rich but delicately crispy coating. The greens were nothing life-altering, but were fresh and well-chosen to provide a slightly bitter counterpoint to the rich, buttery protein. The Mrs. ordered another dish I had been eyeing: the Buttered Hot Shrimp (basically shrimp n' grits), but without the pulled pork. I'm sure the pork makes the dish outstanding, but it was very good without it. The grits were creamy and cheesy, and the shrimp was perfectly cooked, with a very tasty sauce. I may have to get that one for myself when we return. We finished off the meal with the apple crisp, which was pretty much what you'd expect--apple crisp in a cast-iron loaf pan and topped with a cannelle of french vanilla ice cream. A delicious exclamation point on a wonderful meal.The only drawback I can find about Rye is that the price point might be a little higher than what some expect for "homestyle" cooking. Personally, I think you can taste where the extra money went when you dive into the food, but I know that isn't necessarily a viewpoint everyone would share. I'm imagine this place will become a regular stop on our list of go-to restaurants in KC. Especially when we find ourselves out South.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,3/1/2013,103,158,9,11,8>The people that own and run this place are nothing short of amazing.  The most hospitable folks I have encountered in a long time.  I just started working across the street and popped in here for a cup of coffee.  Because I was a newbie, they gave me the coffee on the house (it was Roasterie brand), and then informed me that it was usually $1.50 with free refills all day.  Due to the nice gesture on my first trip there, I went the next day for lunch.  I got a great salad with tons of fruit and a scoop of chicken salad on top.  It was so big that I saved the rest for the next day and finished it for lunch.  Low and behold, they give me a 1/2 cup of the chicken curry soup on the house...which also came with a fresh baked roll.  I bought a cup of it the following day to go with the 2nd half of my salad the day before.I go back to refill my coffee cup, and the bakery smelled like heaven dropped a rainbow in the middle of the place.  I couldn't handle it...I had to check out a pastry.  I asked the guy behind the counter what his favorite pastry was, and he said the apple/cinnamon turnover was top notch, so I ordered it.  As he bags it up, he says pick another one...they're 2-4-1 for you today.  BAM!  Little did he know that he just seduced a fat guy.  :)This place is like having your grandmother wait on you while serving up her recipes that have been handed down through 10 generations.  She had to walk barefoot, in the snow, uphill both ways to get all these recipes of course!These folks treat you like family unlike any other, and the food is as good as the red carpet it is rolled out on.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,2/28/2013,467,1371,2,15,9>The tough part about being in OP is that Justus is really a hike.  You almost have to organize an expedition.  Or, when you are picking up out-of-town guests at the airport...you make reservations!A short 15-minute drive from MCI, Justus opens at 5:30 sharp on Sundays (and not a moment before, so if you get there early be prepared to walk around small-town America for a few).  On the way there I had blabbed on and on about the local sourcing, the care and attention to the food, and the great cocktails.  My guests remarked that the menu was limited but definitely quality.  We started with a charcuterie platter, which included a bone marrow mousse and some homemade bacon, along with other goodies I don't recall right now because I probably ate them too quickly.My second course was a salad, the "Ham on Rye."  It had green tomato jam mustard vinaigrette dressing poured on top of curly endive, spinach, kale, pickled egg, pork tongue ham, rye crisps, grits and cheese fritter.  Good.  Yes.For my main, I jumped at the opportunity to order the stuffed rabbit.  I love game and try to eat it whenever I find it offered.  I remarked how great the rabbit tasted and jokingly quipped that free-range rabbit must just be more relaxed and hence, better tasting.  My friends had a Kobe rib steak - one of them remarked it was the best steak he had ever had.  He's a food snob from Los Angeles so I took a little pride in that comment, though it was almost, "but of course...steak in KC?" :-)Had I had a less hearty meal, I might have jumped at the carrot cake beignets, but as such, I ordered the "I Dream of Jasmine," which is jasmine tea rice pudding, cinnamon ginger peach, peach coulis, lemongrass ice cream, and puffed rice.Love this place - and the Eastside - the patio that Jonathan refers to as the "bar food" section of the Restaurant - looked like it was doing pretty well too.I think Shane's point in his review is well taken - there's a Justus for whatever budget you are on - patio for a great night out - inside for a fine dining prices.Either way - one of the best food experiences in Kansas City.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,2/27/2013,27,126,,13,1>Don't judge a book by its cover definitely applies here.  It should probably extend even further...don't judge a book by the cover, the inside flap, or even the first few pages.  You need to really settle into Peanches before you get to the point where you just feel totally engrossed!  I should point out that the atmosphere is really lacking here - strip mall location, conflicting interior decor, anything but intimate seating, clubby music, limited bar selections and a reservation only policy - everything that typically turns me away from a restaurant.  (And had I read the Yelp reviews before going, I might have steered clear.  I can easily see how some had such a bad experience before even getting to taste the food.  The owner was not, well, warm and fuzzy.)  But, I knew I would be in great company and had the Groupon and a reservation for four, so on Saturday night I found myself at Peanches.  UM, forget about warm and fuzzy.  The owner can freaking cook!  My group opted for the 6 course prix fixe menu.  And I cannot even tell you which course was my favorite because they were all equally delicious.  Delicious!  The service staff was very friendly...I think most of them are young family members of the owner.  But although I commend keeping it all in the family, it did seem a bit unorganized and unrefined for the fine dining price tag.  But it didn't bother our group at all...we still enjoyed each other, the great food and delicious wine.  Can't say Peanches is the type of place to keep coming back to, but now that you know what to expect going into it I would definitely suggest you visit at least once to enjoy some really delicious local food.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,2/26/2013,55,63,4,6,5>My poor hair has been dyed, fried, processed, and just generally unloved. I walked into Belle Epoque after not having a trim for a year. A freaking YEAR, you guys, and I asked them to fix it. and they DID.I'm not sure what kind of magic Adrienne has in her hands, but she is amazing and worth every single penny.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,2/25/2013,102,158,3,5,3>Wow.  A new place in Waldo where we can have a drink AND eat a meal.  This is great.  And even better is that the menu uses fresh, eco-friendly and local ingredients.  So I not only can meet people for meals.  But I can actually feel safe eating there, too.  My criteria for meals is so ridiculous that there truly are very few places I consider "safe".  If you are a wine person, please check out the menu.  The people who work there are more than willing to assist with selection, and are packed with knowledge and suggestions.  Everyone at our table during our last visit was thrilled with their wine selections.  And whatever my friends were drinking the previous visit at the bar apparently was enough of a hit to send them back a few days later.  I know I tried a Malbec, and a sip of some bubbly.  All wines appear to be available by the glass, and they will open any bottle if you commit to ordering two glasses.  (I noticed three wines on tap, and a whole page full of others by the bottle)For an appetizer, I tried the Fritto Misto and the Deviled Eggs.  Fritto Misto includes fresh cut seasonal vegetables fried in rice flour and served with habanero aioli and roasted tomato sauce.  RICE FLOUR , which means gluten free.  Granted if you suffer from Celiac Disease, and are affected on a molecular level, this still may not be safe.  But if you are trying to avoid wheat, or gluten, this is a nice option for a "fried" dish.  AND you are getting your veggies, too.  One of my dining companions got the Mussels.  (One pound of Prince Edward mussels steamed in lemon broth with La Quercia prosciutto, fresh herbs and crispy fries).  WOW.  It was huge.  And she finished it because it was apparently that good.  I am allergic to shellfish, so I cannot speak for the mussels. I will have to continue to try Louie's during different times of the week, as well as giving it a chance to evolve.  It has a nice feel to it.  To me, it feels classy AND casual at the same time, which I like.  So far, I like what I have experienced.  It is a nice addition to the neighborhood.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,2/24/2013,57,364,1,8,9>We popped in for a drink Sunday evening on the way to dinner. There's was good music flowing from the Piano Man and excellent cocktails flowing from the bar. We didn't eat but we did take a look at the menu. GoodYou is hard at work and Ms Daniels is up to her yummy-looking tricks again. Drinks and eats were all wearing very attractive price tags. Just before we left, a lady from the audience joined the Piano Man. This chick was channeling some serious Billie Holiday and hitting every note. Thought for a moment we had stepped into a time warp, and enjoyed every bit of it.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,2/23/2013,22,64,4,6,3>This is my girlfriends and my second visit here and it won't be our last. This is the type of place you skip breakfast for so you can binge on the dim sum. And when I say binge I mean binge. Plan on unbuttoning your pants and being chubs for a while. This place is so good you won't want to stop eating.  I've had nothing but good/great food here. I don't think there's a better dim sum restaurant in the Kansas City area. I am partial to the chicken feet & beef stomach.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,2/22/2013,58,256,9,10,3>Yesterday I did something I thought I'd never accomplish: I happily consumed a cup of straight black coffee.  Folks, this is a huge deal.  I actually consider this coffee delicious.  I was totally surprised black coffee could have a flavor other than dirt.  I would drink Oddly Correct pours any day!This place isn't for the faint at heart.  I knew it was for the serious coffee drinkers and not to expect fancy syrups and whipped cream.  I thought I could use just a touch of cream and sugar as a crutch, but I panicked when there were none to be found.  (They did have a couple types of scones left when we got there -- I tried the maple sweet potato, which turned out to be a lovely complement.)With no sugar to be found, I was still nervously committed -- I was going to do this.  I happened to be meeting up with KC Yelp's coffee connoisseur, Sara D.  The man at the counter suggested a coffee for me to try; as we waited, Sara explained to me what a pour over was -- where they pour the water, just the right temperature, over the grounds and then use a special process to open up and extract the most flavor.  It was fascinating to watch coffee geniuses work their magic in their coffee lab.  These guys are truly some of the experts of KC -- one of them competed in the recent regional barista competition held in Kansas City and took fourth place.Yes, I made it through my first cup of black coffee, and I am proud of myself.  But I also know this coffee is in a league of its own, and I might have turned into a coffee snob right off the bat because I started at the best beanery in town.   The coffee was easy to drink and didn't taste bitter-- it had a zing to it.  There was a little bit of a citrus aftertaste in mine, and a slight strawberry hint from Sara's; each had a distinct character.  For the first time in my life, I understood how people could get excited about black coffee and that it doesn't have to taste terrible.  The shop is simple and smaller than I was expecting; though it was cozy, there is quite a bit of seating.  It was fairly busy on a Saturday morning -- people know about Oddly Correct.  My favorite part is the theme -- science!  They serve your coffee in beakers. (I may or may not have wanted to try this place solely because of this aspect.)Oddly Correct truly has coffee down to a science. This is a no frills, serious-about-coffee joint, but there's no need to be intimidated.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,2/21/2013,50,87,2,5,4>To me, the best "dive" bars are the places that feel as comfortable and welcoming at 11:00 AM (or 6:00 AM if you'd prefer) as they do at 11:00 PM.  By that, I mean the kind of places you can go to almost anytime of the day for a cold beer, a shot and some good conversation.  DB Cooper's is one of those kinds of places.  I have been to DB Cooper's too many times to not give it at least four stars because, obviously, I'm a fan.  DB Cooper's is a "dive bar" in a completely natural and unforced way.  It's dark in the daytime, the carpet is worn, the bar stools are in need of some repair ... but there's a pool table, a decent jukebox, it's comfortable and it's cheap.I'm not going to try and "oversell" DB Cooper's because I truly believe it's the kind of place you either like to go for a drink or it isn't.  If it's not, great, more room for me at the bar.  But if it is, then you owe it to yourself to check it out.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,2/20/2013,74,1211,,6,6>There are two places I think of when I want that special item or a gift. Ace Hardware Ranchmart location, and Pryde's. Just like Ace, Pryde's is stacked, stocked, and chock a block with gadgets, vessels, trinkets, toys, pies, pastries, cups, mugs, plates, platters, towels, mats, and decor. A special mention has to go to three store areas.Emile Henry stoneware. If you are looking for this famous French cookware, this is the place. They have a 10ft long wall of the stuff, 8ft into the air on shelves.Gadgets. If you want to whip (or be whipped), they have a gadget for it here. You might need to get creative if you are looking to be whipped, but trust me... you will find something. LOLHomer Laughlin Fiesta dinnerware. Foodies may scoff at serving culinary art on anything but a white china canvas. But they can go pound salt (they have salt here, too). Pryde's has the best selection and definitely the best deal on Fiesta anywhere in the KC metro, save for Cockrell Mercantile Company waaaaaaay down in lower Lees Summit. I like a little color in my life and on my table, so I get it here.And they folks that work here are friendly. That never hurts. : )
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,2/19/2013,41,102,,6,3>Yet another 5 star review for Seva! They just seem to get everything right! My mom and I returned on Saturday, this time bringing our roommate (who tends to be a bit on the non-adventurous) for the lunch buffet. As always, we were greeted right as we walked in the door, even with them being pretty busy (this pleases me, my fellow Yelpers!) We immediately headed toward the buffet as our waitress brought our amazing mango yogurt drinks to our table. Perhaps one of my favorite aspects of Seva is that they always having something new on their buffet to try instead of keeping the same 5 or 6 dishes. While I'm totally in love with the Chicken Tikka Masala and glad that they've had it every time I've returned, I also like trying new stuff too. Speaking of which, the Chicken on Trial was wonderful! A beautiful and spice-y, spicy seasoned dish of tender and succulent chunks of chicken with vegetables. And the Fish Vindalou (I know I spelling that wrong...) was out of this world! Nice and spicy with tons of flavor, the white fish was cooked beautifully and featured huge chunks of tender potatoes and a creamy sauce. Delicious! I certainly hope they keep both of these dishes around in their dish rotation for the lunch buffet!
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,2/18/2013,181,143,3,10,5>Chung's Rainbow Restaurant is one of those "don't judge a book by its cover" kind of restaurants. It's not flashy on the outside and it's not flashy on the inside. If you pass by it, you'll probably overlook it as fast food Chinese restaurant. Step inside and you'll probably think it's still Chinese fast food. However, you should brace yourself for an awesome ride to Korean cuisine. I have to admit, I wasn't expecting much from Chung's. I've been to many Korean BBQ places, Korean restaurants, Korean markets, heck, I like a lot of K-things so I was expected to simply get my fix of some kimchi and Soon Tofu. I didn't expect to be a fan of this restaurant after the first visit let alone love it after my second.  This restaurant is family owned so (Chung family I'm guessing) so you can expect to get a very authentic meal. The service is great (shout out to Sam) and the food is even better. If you aren't familiar with Korean cuisine, simply ask for recommendations. I almost always stick with my favorite dishes, Dukbokki and Bibimbap, but Chung's makes me want to taste every dish on their menu. I have yet to find a dish I did not find appetizing that I've tried at Chung's. The following dishes are the ones I have tried:Starters:Dumplings - tasted fresh, not frozen and steamed perfectlyKimbap - basically Korean sushi, which is now one of my favorite dishes (and only $4 for a gigantic portion)!Dukbokki - a popular Korean snack consisting of rice cakes, fish cake slices, hard-boiled eggs, and a spicy delicious sauce - Chung's is one of my favoritesSides:Kimchi - you've got to have amazing kimchi at a Korean restaurant and Chung's delivers!Bean sprouts - they sauté them very wellBroccoli - steamed and healthyThey have other sides which I am not too familiar with, but hey I still eat them.Entrees (apologize that I don't know some of the entrée names):Bibimbap - I used to hate this when I tried it for the first time but is now one of my regular orders at Korean Restaurants. Who doesn't love a runny egg yoke on their rice?? Try it in their stone pot because I really believe it's better than the metal pot.Fried Chicken dishes - There were two recommended dishes and am happy we ordered both. One dish had the bone-in chicken with a spicy red sauce much like chicken wings. My favorite was the boneless one with more of a gravy like sauce. I wouldn't mind ordering that as an extra item the next time I visit.Naengmyeon - these are cold, buckwheat noodles in a spicy red sauce that has a sweet and salty taste to it. Very authentic tasting and I do like my cold noodles like cold soba at Japanese restaurants.Bulgolgi Fried Rice - I prefer bulgolgi over the Korean short ribs - mainly because I dislike bone-in meats. Don't forget to get the Oksusu cha, the corn/barley tea, because they make it in house and seriously a delicious pairing to Korean food. I came in for kimchi and Soon Tofu but came out trying other delicious Korean foods. I hope you can tell how much I adore this restaurant. I am going to make sure I eat at Chung's Rainbow Restaurant at least once a month. My goal is to try everything on their menu.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,2/17/2013,130,37,3,7,4>Sometimes you find yourself in the midst of a truly wonderful experience and a Yelp review writes itself. That's exactly what happened last night and this morning at the Ambassador Hotel, which, in one night, sky-rocketed to the top of my favorite hotels list. My husband and I booked the New Year's Eve package after our initial plans fell through. The package rate, which wasn't much higher than the standard room price, included free shuttle within 5 miles of the hotel, champagne, water and breakfast. The hotel itself is stunning -- if you're in Kansas City and haven't yet been, make plans to stop by! The building first served as a bank in the early 1900s, and several of the original features including interior columns and marble floors are in pristine condition. The modern decor makes for a lovely contrast yet is still warm and welcoming without being overly posh. Our room was gorgeous -- grays, purples and whites made for an eye-catching combination that I immediately wanted to replicate at home. The bed was huge and incredibly comfy. I could probably live in the shower alone, which was also oversized. I quickly made use of the free (and secure) WiFi until it was time to catch our shuttle.Speaking of, the shuttle service was prompt and our driver, Burt, was fantastic. He ended up serving us breakfast the next morning, too, and regaled us with stories of doing some late-night bartending once his shuttle duties had concluded. He's a jack of all trades and was extremely helpful and personable. If you stay there, keep an eye out for him and be sure to say hi!Breakfast, by the way, was delicious -- and although I expected to pay extra for my vanilla latte, everything we ordered was included as part of our package. The staff and hotel made such a fantastic impression that, even though we live just a few blocks away, we'll be back for another staycation--and we won't be shy about recommending that friends and family stay here, too. Thanks to everyone at the Ambassador for a wonderful New Year's Eve - see you soon!
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,2/16/2013,43,153,1,5,2>So I've been here twice! First time I was here was for Pad Thai Tuesdays! Buy one get on free baby! FREE!! Now I am usually really skeptical about Thai places because I am half Thai and I have always been disappointed....but not this time. This place blew my mind! Their Pad Thai tasted like something I would get on the streets of Bangkok! YUMMY! Well before I even got my Pad Thai, my bf and I decided to start off with an order of Thai Place Crab Rangoons ($5.95)........so delicious! There are 8 pieces and this is definitely not your typical soggy crab rangoons that you would get at your American Chinese restaurant. What makes these crab rangoons so delicious is that they are wrapped in a very light, crispy wrapper. For our Pad Thai, it automatically comes with both chicken and shrimp ($13.95). And we did the buy one get one free deal and our plates were HUGE! Both me and my bf had to get to go boxes for all of our food. The 2nd time that I came here was for lunch time with my bf. I bought a Groupon and I wish I had bought more! So I started off with some Thai Iced Tea...tastes just like this place that I get it from in Bangkok! Maybe a little to sweet, but it is SO GOOD! You have to try it! My bf ordered the Thai Iced Coffee, and that just tasted like Vietnamese Iced Coffee....nothing special. We got the Thai Place Crab Rangoons again because those are AWESOME! For my entree, I decided to get the Phad Kee Mow. Tasty! It consists of large, flat rice noodles with egg, Chinese brocooli, brocolli, bell peppers, jalapenos, onions, and Thai basil stir fried in a sweet, dark soy sauce. And all lunch entrees also come with either soup/salad and 2 crab rangoons! It was great! Excellent authentic Thai food.....it's the BEST that I have tasted in the US other than my mom's cooking of course. Pros:- tasty, authentic Thai food....you gotta try that Pad Thai!- yummy Thai Iced Tea- nice atmosphere which represents the Thai culture with their art and sculpturesCons:- it is expensive, but with Buy one Get one Free Pad Thai Tuesdays, this place can't be beat! Why I gave it a 5...This is honestly the best Thai food that I have had in the US......not as great as Thailand...but how could you ever beat the mother country? The food is great! If you are looking to try authentic Thai food, then I would highly recommend that you come here.....if you don't know what to order, make use of their Buy one Get One Free Pad Thai Tuesdays and bring a friend or significant other with you! I can't wait to come here again with my bf!
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,2/15/2013,48,122,,7,6>You Yelpers are so reliable.  We were in the mood for someplace near downtown that we could wander in to in t-shirts, loiter for a bit while we had dinner and a few drinks, and preferably be outside.  Caddy Shack worked on all fronts.The crowd was more diverse than I expected.  Lots of River Market 20-somethings with the older, more "seasoned" crowd mixed in.  It took the pressure off of not being part of the right crowd, that much is for sure.I loved the pizza, though the hubby found the sauce to be too sweet.  If you're not a fan of very sweet-tomato-y sauce, you might peruse the rest of the menu or at least make sure you get lots of un-sweet toppings.The drinks were very strong and prices were totally reasonable for the whole thing.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,2/14/2013,31,61,2,4,5>The best St. Louis Hill-style Italian you'll ever eat is in downtown Kansas City.  It's all here: The sweet tomato sauce, the molten provel cheese, the toasted ravioli--even the fire hydrant painted like the Italian flag.  I have always loved the ambiance here.  They keep the lights just low enough, and keep the Rat Pack tunes flowing at just the right volume.  My family and I have been eating at Garozzo's for about 20 years, and the service and the quality of the food are the same as they were when I was a kid.  One of the few things that has changed is that a side salad is no longer included with each entrée, but I still have to have one.  It's part of the experience.  At first glance, one might think there's nothing special about this little chilled plate of lettuce, studded with a few pimientos and a few shards of artichoke heart, tossed in a vinaigrette and sprinkled with parmesan and cracked black pepper.  But one bite, and the magic kicks in.  It's the perfect cool, crisp palate cleanser for a big meal of rich-sauces and full-bodied wine.  There are knockoff recipes on the internet for this salad--and none of them come close.  You also have to get the stuffed artichoke "alla Siciliano" at least once in your life.  They have several "levels" of stuffed artichoke to choose from, and this is the Grandaddy of them all, stuffed with garlic breadcrumbs, bits of prosciutto and baby shrimp, all smothered in butter and melted Provel cheese.  (Now aren't you glad you ordered that salad?)  As far as entrées go, it's hard to go wrong with chicken spiedini: marinated skewers of parmesan-crusted chicken served in your choice of preparation, from Diablo sauce to Alfredo with artichoke hearts.  The tenderloin medallions are ridiculously tender, the veal Saltimbocca is out of this world, and though I can't find any evidence to back up my claim, the ravioli and tortellini seem like they must be hand-filled.  I've never had a bad meal here.  And don't get me started on dessert.  The tiramisu is heavenly, and the homemade Spumoni ice cream with pistachios and cherries is so good, you'll be tempted to say it's your birthday just to get a complimentary scoop.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2012,2/13/2013,159,346,1,9,5>Over the last month or so, Twin City has become a regular stop on my bar rotation.The drink prices are fair and the food is pretty darn good too.  Which is a huge plus when looking for a later night food, not Taco Bell.  I had the BLT and tots...both were cooked well and very filling.Twin City is a bar you can stop by, get a drink and some eats and actually talk to the person next to you.  It seems like a lot of places are...wait for the old person voice....too damn loud.  The service can be a bit hit or miss at times but still super friendly.  So, yes I am a fan!
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,2/12/2013,49,99,5,4,3>Ok..soooo I have no kids. I live with no kids, and really I am rarely around children. I have a few that are very near and dear to me so when one asked me to come here with her on a Saturday afternoon I accepted. I had such a blast! Not only is it FREE it is actually a lot of fun. I like that they handed out tickets so each 40-50 minute long session was not over crowded with people. Since they do only allow so many I recommend coming 10-15 minutes early to ensure you get a ticket and so you can be first in line! I loved the black light room, and the puzzle maker. This is a great way to enterain kids for free in KC.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,2/11/2013,30,269,2,5,5>If we are in Lee's Summit and want a Burger we generally head over to Johnny Ray's Drive In.  My favorite burger at Johnny Ray's is the Double Steakburger with Cheese.  It is about a three napkin sandwich (the minimum number of napkins needed to keep from wearing your food on your face and clothes).  However, if you like them loaded up with all the fixings -- including lettuce, tomato, pickle chips, onion, mustard and ketchup -- you will easily need seven napkins, maybe more!  That's the way Hubby and I like them!  It may be kind of sloppy to eat but in my estimation Johnny Ray's is the best burger in Lee's Summit and it has been doing this for years and still has original ownership.  It's a small place with only a few booths around the walls and the counter is a big U so the waitress can keep you supplied with shakes & malts, spicy fries, onion rings and refills on your fountain drink. There is a jukebox by the door.  And if the place is full, there is a drive through.The menu has most of the fast food standard items you will find everywhere - they just do them very well.  I know that lots of places serve Burgers but Johnny Ray's Drive-In does them the best in Lee's Summit.  Maybe The Best of the Independently owned joints in the Kansas City area?
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2012,2/10/2013,284,96,,2,3>There is so much to like about Gennessee Royale. The staff is *always* fun and positive. The vibe of the place is a mix between a classic, upscale diner, with a bit of a handcrafted feel mixed in. I think the best part of being here is that everything you have is guaranteed to be quality. The coffee is delicious, the cookies, the food (both breakfast and lunch). It's the type of place where you're almost excited to see everything they have, even the bathroom because you know they've decorated well (Even I think that sounds odd.)  Go and support this great spot, but not too often that I won't be able to grab a table on Saturday mornings!Only con, it's not open on Sundays. But that's okay, I wouldn't want to work Sundays either. Also, try the chicken and biscuit and thank me later.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,2/9/2013,45,81,,3,4>my current Pho fave in KC.  It's the broth!  Pho KC's broth seems to be packed with more flavor than the other pho places in town.  Beef pho or the one with fried pork dumplings in it are my usual go-tos.  Fried shrimp & sweet potatoes or fresh spring rolls are good appetizers. Good array of veggie-friendly options too.  Pho KC is also a win on price point, because it's a bit cheaper than other options around town & helpings are heaping.Location can be tricky to find the first time. Decor is plain. Asian soap operas play on televisions for your entertainment. Service is friendly.  Pho KC is no frills but full of flavor
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,2/8/2013,8,47,6,9,8>I will admit, I have not been to ALL the new places opening up in the West Bottoms. I have been to a few, both good and bad. What matters is that I found Re:...which is what this place is typically known as.This place is AMAZING. Jeff, the owner along with his wife whose name I cannot remember (sorry!), are terrific. What I love about them is that they clearly are doing what they love, and what is there not to both appreciate and envy about that?! I disagree with the comment that this place caters to suburban housewives. This place caters to people who love creativity...who wish they had the vision and time to take something that is old, twist it around, shake it up, and spin out something beyond amazing. I think Jeff and his wife are doing a few things better than anyone else. These things are:1) They have selected truly talented vendors that collectively, all present a cohesive mix of really fantastic items.2) They have found a space that is architecturally gorgeous, and they keep it terrific in their use of it. No clutter!3) They are focused on not just used household items....they are focused on repurposed, well-executed , creatively repurposed items. No junky $hit.4) They are incredibly generous with their time, tend to remember people, go the extra mile with deliveries, have awesome prices, and serve treats when they are open. Mimosas anyone?5) Their prices are based on churn....their vendors are not so proud of their creativity that they price it to stick around. Things are priced to move. And if you hesitate, someone wiser than you will snag it while you scratch your head. And next month, when you return, there will be all new stuff.If you have a loft, you will find amazing stuff. If you have a McMansion, you will find amazing stuff. If you have a suburban tract home, you will find amazing stuff. If you rent a ranch house, wishing you had a loft, McMansion or suburban tract home, you will find amazing stuff. I know. Seems like I'm blowing smoke up your dark side. I'm not. My first visit there, I gasped "Oh my god, look at this!" dozens of times.I live in San Francisco. I purchased an incredibly heavy, massive armoire that had been in a hotel. Really, I think I kinda stole it. So cheap! You know the kind....with the safe built into the side...blond wood, big drawers at the bottom. BUT...this one had been redone with a grey-wash exterior that made it very modern...plus the safe is still functioning and on the side! So cool. I hugged it when I saw it. I hugged it again when I returned from finding Jeff to see someone else eyeing it. It was like the VW commercial where the buyer licks the door handle to push other buyers away. I was that person.I think these people are succeeding without me. My KC friends go every month, and buy a few somethings every month. The quality seems to be hanging tight. If you are into design at all....rush rush rush to Re:  It's not a musky old junk store. Far Far Far from it! And if you see Jeff, shake his hand and tell him "job very well done"!
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2012,2/7/2013,150,498,,3,2>Seriously charming bistro with a romantic vibe -- perfect for date night.  The calamari is quite good, tender & not too heavily breaded; it's cut into thin strips rather than the more typical rings, and they serve it with chevre & pesto if you request.  Try it, it's delicious!  The pasta was nicely al dente, and the portions were good-sized.  Not crazy-huge, but definitely enough that I took some home.  The wood-fired pizza was good too, with a crispy crust and excellent sauce.  I thought the prices were quite reasonable, in the $10-15 range for pasta entrees.  Great choice when you want something a little bit upscale but don't want to break the bank.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,2/6/2013,88,148,,6,5>Best catfish in Kansas City! This place reminds me of a southern restaurant back in Tennessee with good home cooking. Each meal comes with coleslaw, white beans and hush puppies just like the places back home.The catfish here is some of the best I've ever had and I love the fact that they have all-you-can-eat. They also have other dishes that are all-you-can-eat like shrimp and chicken. They also offer a all-you-can-eat platter where you can pick 5 different dishes for $30 bucks.Jumpin Catfish also has crab legs that I heard was pretty good. The waiters/waitresses are friendly and my food has always came out hot. An added bonus is that they have a tv, so you can watch football on Sundays while you eat. Highly recommend this place.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2012,2/5/2013,74,287,,6,5>Ochen' chorosho!  That's Russian for "very good!"  This new market near 135th and Metcalf (in the shopping complex on the NW corner of that intersection) brings the flavors of Eastern Europe to Southern Johnson County!  If you're looking for items for Russian, Ukrainian, or Polish cooking this is the spot!  There's a good selection of dry goods as well as frozen and refrigerated goodies like pelmeni (Russian ravioli), typical breads and East European dairy products, including cheeses.  There's a rather dizzying and mouthwatering selection of sausages that's exceptionally tempting.  Of course, there's smoked fish and and selections of pickled/preserved vegetables and mushrooms that can grace your zakuski table (an array of Russian appetizers).  The market isn't quite as large as European Delights at 95th and Antioch, which also specializes in Eastern European delicacies, but between the two establishments you're likely to find just about any item you're looking for!  The owner of Taste of Europe is very friendly and welcoming and will be happy to explain anything you want to know.  Since many of the goods are from Russia, Ukraine or Bulgaria they're labeled in Cyrillic, but if you look closely at the package you will often find a list of ingredients in English and an adhesive sticker with the English name of the product and the nutrition information.  If there isn't, the owner can tell you what it is and how it's used!  And if there's something they don't carry presently chances are they can order it for you.  So drop in and transport yourself for a while to Moscow, Kiev or Warsaw without leaving town!
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,2/4/2013,57,63,4,6,4>When I became a vegetarian about ten years ago, I pretty much resigned myself to boring Chinese food choices for the rest of my life. Typically you only have a handful of options, most of which involve either no protein choices at all or tofu, which I don't mind but also don't wish to eat every time I get a hankering for chopstick fare. I just added it to the long list of sacrifices I'd have to make if I wanted my ethics to trump my tastebuds.Imagine my excitement when I moved to Lawrence and discovered that Encore had veggie dishes that included either faux chicken OR faux shrimp! You don't see that many places, and being able to order old favorites like General Tsao's chicken or shrimp and broccoli again felt great. No longer was I relegated to Family Style Tofu. I had OPTIONS! All of the veggie entrees I have sampled at Encore have been delicious. I've even tried a couple of their tofu dishes, and they definitely know how to make it both flavorful and pleasing texture-wise. Don't feel limited to the vegetarian section of the menu, either; there are great meatless options elsewhere, too, like the veggie tofu soup, the Pad Thai, and the pineapple fried rice, which comes served in a hollowed out pineapple. Their bubble tea is really good, but since trying the coconut jelly in a glass of green lychee tea, I'm pretty much hooked on that. And if you're not a fan of chewy bits in your tea, their flavors are great on their own.For appetizers, I usually go for edamame or the veggie gyozas, both of which are always tasty. However, Encore would have my eternal gratitude if they'd start making vegetarian crab rangoon. That's one thing I still can't seem to find replicated in any Asian restaurants, and I miss those little golden-fried pouches of cream cheesy heaven.If you're in the market for desserts, my favorite option is the green tea ice cream. It's sweet, but not overpoweringly so, and the tea flavor brings refreshing to a whole new level.The only reason I can't bring myself to give Encore five stars is the decor. I hate the font they chose for their signage (I mean, come on. Curlz? Really?), I find the interior colors a bit garish, and the bathroom situation straight up freaks my shit out. Instead of a mirror above the sink, there is a window that looks directly into the same spot above the sink in the men's room. I'm sorry, but bathroom time--even the part where I'm just washing my hands and checking my hair--is private time, and I don't want some strange man watching me wash my hands. It's just creepy.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,2/3/2013,202,441,,5,3>Mary Margaret's is an adorable consignment store in Lee's Summit. Everything is decorated pink, and girly, and they have scarves and handbags and accessories everywhere. The ultra- soft carpeting in the dressing room makes trying on clothes comfortable and fun. Very organized with perfect prices. Not only are the prices cheap ($5-8 for shirts, $9-11 for jeans, $15-19 for dresses) but they are always have 20% off sales on their merchandise. It's not necessarily ALL brand named like Plato's Closet, but while Plato's closet screams "I'm a young pre-teen who loves nothing but Hollister and skinny jeans", Mary Margaret's gives the impression of "I'm a nice lady who loves a staple jewelry piece and a classy high heel."
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,2/2/2013,516,731,,8,1>3.5 starsLong story short:  Wow... a pretty decent Asian buffet with lots of offerings!Long story long:Last semester, my small group decided to have an outing to Blue Springs to visit what we heard to be a very good Chinese buffet.  Now yes, I know Chinese buffets have a stigma over them of being absolutely horrible, but again, I many good reviews of this place.This place is MASSIVE!  you can easily have a banquet for several hundred people (if you were to theoretically rent out the entire restaurant), including a private room for about 80-100 people in the back corner.  We finally got situated at a table and got to work.The setup and layout was nicer than at Grandview buffet.  They had a much larger sushi bar, and they even had a Mongolian BBQ station!  You can just grab your meats and veggies, hand it to one of their cooks and he'll cook it up right there for you, adding any sauces they have.  I got my usual items from the buffet stations.  Everything was pretty good, and I would say a little better than Grandview buffet, but what really stood out for me was the Mongolian BBQ station.  I went back for 2nds on that.Service was a little hit and miss, but what do you expect at a buffet?  And for $8.49 for lunch, you can't beat that price!  Yes, Blue Springs is a little further than I'd prefer to drive for a buffet lunch, but hey, I would definitely return just for the Mongolian BBQ station.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2012,2/1/2013,118,260,,8,10>Ok, it's time to write this review. I was a big fan of the Gladstone location and stopped by whenever I could. I even made special trips there just for Longboards; from my office in the Crossroads, or home near Liberty. It was always worth the trip. So, when I learned another was opening closer to my home, it was a really big deal. A lot of restaurants have opened in Liberty in the last several years, many of them have ceded way to some other restaurant and many others are just your typical franchised copy of something you've seen dozens of times before and run by people who just want you in and out as quickly as possible.But that's not what Longboards is at all. A) It's locally owned and B) They have a way of doing business. It's not stenciled on the door or printed in advertising but it's there and they take it very seriously. I don't know what you call it, Oha, Huna, Aloha Spirit, it probably doesn't really need a name because they're not there to tell you about it. It means, love, friendship, joy, kindness, respect and probably a few others that this world could use some more of.Opening day, I hear my friends raving about it, stories are going around about lines out the door - I had to work but I couldn't wait to have dinner there. Their wraps are amazing really.I ordered my normal vegan version of the Wow Kung Pow: rice, snow peas, peanuts, and smoked tofu with an amazing spicy sauce that I've been trying to reproduce at home for a year. All wrapped in a wheat tortilla and grilled like a panini. The Wow Kung Pow on the menu has chicken instead of tofu and has cheese.So after painstakingly avoiding animal-based food for six years, I'd eaten about a third of it when I realized it had chicken in it. I know it's hard to understand if you're a meat-eater but to say I was devastated really isn't an exaggeration. I love Longboards' philosophy of kindness and respect but in the moment that I stood up to take that wrap to the counter, I forgot it. I totally and unequivocally turned into a kind of jackass they have carefully crafted a kind of place to avoid. I laid my tray on the counter and told them I had been a vegetarian for six years and they just (effing) fed me chicken. I know, I'm not proud. I'm really embarrassed even and that's why I never wrote a review. I don't personally know the owners, many of my friends do so I know it's a family restaurant; owned by cousins, I believe. One of the owners followed me to my seat and calmly asked me not to use that language. He apologized and offered me a refund but was really clear about how they operate - they just don't want that energy around. I was lucky he didn't throw me out, he could have, and maybe should have. I don't know if they understand how I felt about eating chicken for the first time in six years, it was awful, it really was. I know most people wouldn't get it but in thinking about it now, I was as awful to them as eating that chicken was to me. The looks on their faces when I treated them that way wasn't anger, they were hurt. I know they felt terrible. For that, I am deeply sorry. They made an easy mistake that just happened to have pretty big consequences to one person. So, that was months ago. Today, I have what is probably a pretty comfortable lead as the Duke. Most weeks I take my son (omnivore) and daughter (vegetarian) and we all have our regulars. The great people who work there know us and I really don't think they remember the guy there every week is the guy that lost his shit on opening day. This review may remind them but I don't think they'll hold it against me - they just aren't those kind of people.You know what made me write this? I was there last week, ordered my usual, as did my kids and on the way out the door, one of them said, "good night, it was good to see you". I believe them, they meant it.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,1/31/2013,23,76,4,7,4>I don't like pie.  Or at least I didn't.  I grew up in a German household with kuchens and strudels and tortes - oh my!  The scene from My Big Fat Greek Wedding where a guest presents the hostess with a bundt cake that is then, received as if it is an alien baby pretty much explains my relationship with pie.  But I stopped in during an OP farmers' market day and was simply captivated.  The place is nothing short of adorable.  And the sweets?  Well, I started with a caramel pecan bar that day and have since tried every single cookie they make, any specialty bar they may be offering that day, and yes, no less than eight pie varieties.  Did I mention that I'm not a sweets person?  I swear, I'm not, but there is just something so wholesome and happy about this place that I can't stay away from.The simple dedication to quality and attention to detail paid by the sisters that own the Upper Crust tells you that there is storied history and love behind these recipes and that translates in any language.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,1/29/2013,8,113,,5,3>I've never been to a real deli before so I have nothing to compare this to. I thought the Pastrami and Corned beef combo was good. A previous review said they skimped on the meat. Well not anymore. This was a pretty big sandwich and came with homemade kettel chips which were quite tasty. The Knish was also good. Just needed a little salt. Girlfriend had a turkey and corned beef sandwich which she really enjoyed. I thought the turkey was a little dry but still good. They bring out 3 different types of mustard  with your sandwichs so if its a tad dry its an easy fix. They also have a few beer and wine options for those of us that like to indulge while we eat.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2012,1/28/2013,95,53,1,10,2>Partially because I am a creature of habit, and partially because vegetarian options are not as plentiful at some places, I usually eat the same thing every time I return to most restaurants.But every time I've come back to Poco's for breakfast, I've tried something different. Lots of options for me, and they all sounded good. And boy were they ever.Everything I tried was delicious. You can taste the high quality of their ingredients, and the flavors are interesting and well balanced.The service is courteous and inobtrusive; the decor is bright and fun. I guess there was a reality TV show that contributed to this place, but I don't know the show and I've only recently discovered Poco's, so I can't comment on this.This is now my favorite place in town for breakfast, Mexican or not.I'll have to try lunch or dinner...
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,1/27/2013,45,115,1,2,4>After seeing the massive crowd at the eatery we were originally headed to, my cousins and I happened into Genghis Khan.  Best. decision. ever.We were greeted by someone who I assume was the owner.  She was very kind, and I immediately knew we were in for a wonderful treat!  Our waitress was super friendly and attentive.  She had worked there for 8 years, and she said it was a great place to work.  It was our first time here, so she took a moment to explain that we could order from the menu, or just grab a bowl and fill it with meat, veggies, noodles, spices.  Once complete, you hand your creation to the men who throw it on the grill and toss it around with big sticks.  A few minutes later, you get a plate full of food to devour.  Of course, we all opted to create our own Mongolian Grill masterpiece.I'm not going to lie, my food wasn't the best.  Totally my fault though (perhaps next time I shouldn't go for the suicide option and put a little of EVERYTHING on my plate...).  It ended up being really spicy (YUM!), but I know it would have been better if I hadn't started just pouring flavors on like a crazy person.A wonderful experience from beginning to finish.  I can't wait to return - and possibly practice some self restraint when it comes to the spice cart!
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,1/26/2013,146,555,,5,2>It took me a while to decide what or who I wanted to review for my 400th review. I finally  decided to do a non-food business as my 400th.I have had two foot surgeries at the Surgicenter of Johnson County and absolutely love them.1st they are cheaper than a hospital since they don't have as much overhead but they can do most of the same procedures.2nd the staff is amazing. My doctor loves using them mainly because of the staff. Sandy was my admitting nurse and she was the one that got me all prepped and ready to go into surgery. She was able to do my IV in one try which is a miracle in and of itself. I have tiny veins that like to roll when hit with a needle. She was funny and comforting and calmed me down. They also let whoever brought you stay with you until they roll you back to surgery. In my case it was my husband.Marilyn was the Nurse Anesthetist and had a great sense of  humor and told me everything she was doing. Lynette was the assisting nurse who helped my doctor with the procedure and  Lynn was the nurse who stayed with me in recovery until I was ready to leave who had a ton of stories to tell.3rd the check in procedure is easy and fast. You do most of it on-line a couple weeks before you are scheduled to go in. All your past history, etc. Then you get there an hour early check in and pay your co-pay if you have one and then they start getting you ready.4th the staff calls you the day before to make sure you know where to go and what to bring and not to bring with you. They then call you the next day to make sure you are recovering okay.If  I have to do more outpatient procedures and if I can have them done here I will. Highly recommended them.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,1/25/2013,43,55,2,6,3>I've never been to the La Bodega downtown, but since moving to suburbia, this has become one of our go-to spots. It's almost like we still live in the city, right? First of all: THE MUSHROOMS. Holy crimini, these are delicious. Sauteed in garlic, parsley and white wine, these 'shrooms are always included in our order. The best part might actually be sopping up all of the tasty broth with the (admittedly sometimes not-so-fresh) bread brought to table. Other things we've enjoyed: roasted red peppers stuffed with ahi tuna and rice, goat cheese baked in tomato sauce, roasted red peppers, goat cheese and fig coulis on grilled bread, smoked salmon flatbread and, of course, the cheese plate. Oh how I love a good cheese plate. The wine selection is decent and the sangria is so good, a group of four of us may or may not have consumed four pitchers of it on one occasion. Service can be hit or miss, but the food has been consistently tasty and the atmosphere is exactly what you'd expect from The Coug (aka Cougartown aka Leawood aka Johnson County) - lots of Real Housewives and dudes wearing Affliction tees. But so what? Eat some tapas and drink some sangria and for a brief minute, you might feel like a city girl once again.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,1/24/2013,146,179,4,4,4>Candles, what can you say?  Once upon a time they served a vital purpose and now they mostly serve as aesthetics, but man I love them!  Want to know what I love even more?  Long lasting, great smelling candles!  There you have it, that's why I am a big fan of 5B.I have been burning their candles for about a year now, but this past weekend was the first time I actually made it into their store.  It was the first stop on a shopping crawl with some fellow yelpers and they did such a great job setting the tone.  The space is not huge, but very well used.  I mean, these are locally made candles, a boutique setting is only appropriate.  On one wall were many fixtures set with all sorts of candle holders and tea lights and so forth.  On the other...well what we went there for, the candles!I know from experience that these candles last much longer than your regular votive, but what makes them extra special are the flavors...I mean scents.  Sure they have your vanilla (literally) scents but they also have "A Night at the Movies" with real popcorn in them, and "Monkey Burps" named by a 5 year old.  My favorite: "Handy Man!"  Not just because I have an undying need to be a stereotype, but because it really smelled good, manly and fresh.  It even came with the tiniest of nails sticking out of the top.  What a great little detail to make this candle just that much more special.  I know we are about to run out of the box we have lying in wait, so I look forward to another visit to 5B and from the "Handy Man!"
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,1/23/2013,151,400,2,4,4>Completely remodeled, reconfigured, new (but experienced) ownership! The Parkway is in an easy to find location near Shawnee Mission Parkway and Nieman (just east of Walgreens and west of the Hookah lounge, and a few other strip mall businesses).  The prices are good, the drinks are more than fairly mixed, and the specials are great.  The food is delicious! Whatever kinks you may encounter in this new location (but not new to the bar business by any means) will quickly be worked out.  Pool, darts, FREE poker 3 times a day, AWESOME jukebox (don't see your song? Request it!), and great Karaoke on Saturday nights with KD!This location is where the old "PJs" was located. Although it's not my most convenient or favorite location, it's still going to be my neighborhood hang out. Park carefully in the back if you can't find front parking.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2012,1/22/2013,275,317,3,4,4>I love my food trucks. Usually in the day time but I have become a night owl again. Hence I had to find different food trucks. Luckily Westport is to the rescue. I went in knowing what was on the menu as I have been following them steadily on Facebook for awhile. I scrambled my way through the drunks and placed my order. I knew I probably like the spicy pork, wasn't sure what the chicken confit was all about, other than it has chicken. I right on with the spicy pork, although not that spicy. Well not when Adrian from the Indios Carbonsito is always giving me extra extra spicy meals, WSF was kids mild. I think they mean spicy as in flavoring and not as in hot. I am still not certain about the chicken confit. When I am more adventurous I will try the seasoned mahi and Korean short ribs (maybe in the ramen). I doubt I will ever go as far as the tofu though.In other words I liked it and I shall return as my night owl hunger returns.P.S.  *** CASH ONLY ***
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,1/21/2013,184,189,,10,2>To start I think something needs to be said about grocery options in Midtown, especially when we are talking about a good butcher counter, there aren't any. That has all changed with the introduction of the Broadway Butcher Shop to the Broadway/39th St area. I stopped by today and I was very impressed with the offerings and the hospitality that was shown when I walked in the door. Situated right next to Gomer's Liquor Store in their former temporary store front (think last year when they were building the new Gomer's) this small but inviting shop boasts a wide selection of beef, pork, poultry, and lamb products for purchase. They are selling roasted chickens in the front window which weren't ready when I arrived this morning right as they opened. There is going to be a retail side of the business that will sell BBQ equipment like smokers as well as charcoal and smoking woods. I purchased three items today the first being a 1/4 pound of Burgers Smokehouse Bacon. The kicker 1/4 pound was two slices, especially nice since it is sliced to order and you can designate a thickness for your bacon. This will come in handy when you want to do things like bacon wrapped shrimp or scallops all the way up to when you want country bacon steaks, they are both equally wonderful. I was very impressed by the quality of the bacon and the taste, highly recommended. I then got a house made Italian sausage, I have always been a fan of Krizman's House of sausage in KCK for their Italian sausage so this was a leap of faith. I am glad that I got one, outstanding to say the least. The sausage doesn't have an overwhelming fennel taste because they use fennel pollen not fennel seeds. They also use four different types of cheese in the sausage which gives it a very wonderful texture and compliments the pork nicely. Again this one is highly recommended. Lastly I picked up a tri-tip roast. I haven't cooked this yet but from the look of it and the quality of the marbling I will be very excited to see how this turns out. I would say there is now an excellent option for those that want the quality of The Local Pig or Whole Foods now located in Midtown. I think of it as a one stop shop between Gomer's and the butcher for all your summer bbq needs. I hope this place is around for a very very long time. ***One more thing I should mentioned, the guys running this place are real butchers, seasoned by years of cutting and smoking meats. These guys are the real deal.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,1/19/2013,21,97,3,5,5>Oh, for heavens' sake, thank God.  I have notoriously bad luck with dentists.  I somehow always manage to end up someplace totally lousy; places with flat-screen tvs mounted on the ceiling, "complimentary paraffin hand dips" and spokesmodel-looking hygienists who are nice to look at, but often pushy and not always the most gentle workers.  But that's not the really bad part.... The problem is that places like this INEVITABLY try to convince me that I need some bananas-ass nonsense like teeth whitening (don't need it), veneers (don't need 'em), or other outrageously expensive optional crap. All the procedures that insurance doesn't cover, you know? I woke up with a toothache this morning and begged my FB friends for GOOD dentist recommendations.  Half a dozen immediate responses were unanimous: "Get to Ellen Sheridan, stat."Dr. Sheridan was able to fit me in right away, helped me with my insurance paperwork, took an x-ray of the offending tooth, identified the problem and got me in and out in a jiffy.  I immediately fell in love with the office.  It's homey and old-fashioned; no excess crap.  A clean but old-timey office - correctly or not - suggests to me "this is not a dentist who's going to rip you off."   Also, it smells like apple cider in there.  Receptionists are kind, helpful and friendly.  Didn't interact with any hygienists today, but I'll come back and update after my six month cleaning.  Because this is my dentist.  From now until forever more, amen.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2012,1/18/2013,292,268,4,9,9>We walked into the gorgeous (and I mean gorgeous) Ambassador Hotel,  found our way back to the restaurant and bar (Reserve) which is just a continuation of the gorgeous entry and lobby of the hotel.  The space, the chairs, the lights, the banquets, the this and that, are all lovely, stylish and sexy.We went on a late Sunday morning and were given both the breakfast and lunch menus, which I found really nice.  The menus are not overly extensive, but everything listed sounded really good.  My partner and I uncharacteristically ordered the same lunch item and were equally happy with our choices.  I'm sure next time we will order different items so we can try a larger array of options like we usually do, just a good reason to return time and time again.  The service was a little scattered, but good.  You could sense that the place is new and they haven't really settled into how everything is going to work yet.  Hopefully in time all of those things will fall into place.  I love that the restaurant in open from early morning to late at night with continuous service.  It seems like a great place to grab breakfast, lunch, dinner or just a cocktail.  It looks like it will be an awesome space to meet friends before or after a night out on the town.  Again, I think from the moment you walk into this hotel/restaurant, you are transported to one of the more elegant, gorgeous and intimate spaces we have in the city.  The cherry on the top......the lobby bathroom tile looks like it is tufted.  You heard me, high gloss black tufted tile.....so cool.  I love it all.  I cannot wait to return many times and visit this gorgeously boutiquey space in downtown KC.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,1/17/2013,46,34,,3,3>Wow. I mean, I know I had high expectations for this place because of all the buzz around KC, however I didn't think it would deliver in spades. I decided on a whim to go to Port Fonda on a Thursday night. I peeked at Yelp (just a little!) before I went but just glanced at how people were worried about waiting. I didn't make a reservation, but I never do anyway. I never really understand why people fret about wait times and traffic in KC. There literally isn't any. So guess what? There was a wait and my girl wasn't having it. I said slow the fuck down, I know we are hot and hungry, but this will be worth it. I grab some Negro Modelo on tap and some delicious spicy combination of beer and liquor for my girl. I can't remember the name of it, so it would be useful for Port Fonda to get that website up, so I can bask in my memory of your menu. While I was copping some drinks we spotted a place open up at the bar. We sat down and I recognized Avery behind the bar. We stayed there all night. I chatted with her about the opening and pestered her all night with questions about the menu. She was awesome. I was gazing around the place and have to say that it is one of the best designed new restaurants to open in KC lately. I groaned when they said that they were stocking the place with reclaimed wood. Rather than just throw that shit on the wall and call it good, they actually put some work into it. I love the bar top, it looked great. I also loved the place settings on the tables and window graphic that toned down the sunlight. Ordered some chips and salsa to start off with. I wanted to try the Chicharrones, but I will have to wait. Luckily these were honestly some of the best chips and salsa that I have had lately. They were thick and fried and salted perfectly. I would have ordered the Chilaquiles some other time considering the amount of chips that I had at the table however, they were delicious. The shining star of the meal was the beef tongue tacos. They were amazing. Everyone was very friendly at the bar. We spoke with another couple at the bar at they let us try their appetizer. Another one showed us the Pulpo, which looked amazing. It didn't hurt that everyone in the restaurant that night was very good looking. From the hostess, patrons and appropriately tatted up expo and kitchen staff.  Overall, I had one of the best KC restaurant experiences here at Port Fonda. Keep it up!
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2012,1/16/2013,530,119,6,7,10>There was a call made."I hear they have fried bologna...""Oh, yes, it's a thick-slab, too."A plan was hatched, based on these two, lone sentences.  And off to Rosedale to meet my partner in Culinary Crime."You know where it is, right?""Down by the Drive-in, down the block from the Feed Store".It's the kind of place that's perfectly unassuming; and much like its neighbor, The Boulevard Drive-in, is a survivor of a time when this stretch of road saw more action, before the big highways went in, before the Sonics and the Dairy Queens became the homogenized versions of what once was the "roadside eatery" of Everytown, U.S.A."You have to try the Cheesy Corn Nuggets.""Totally, and the Jalapeno Buttons."These two items on the menu, along with the Fried Bologna sandwich that I had, were the kinds of things that I was looking for in a place like this : Ridiculous flavor in a deep-fried delivery vehicle.  Sure, Quick's pushes it's BBQ as it's walk-in feature, but it's the side-orders and other entree features that make this place more than just your average BBQ joint.  I recommend you trying LOTS."Here are your plates, Gentlemen.  You've got three sauces here : each in their own-size bottle so you can tell the difference.  Anything else for you?""Thank you, Ma'am, we're good."It's a touch like putting your sauce offerings in different sized bottles that shows what the "extra touch" is all about at Quick's : they know that you're there to eat, and grabbing a bottle based on its size is gonna be a lot more "primal" than trying to shuffle through a group of bottles trying to read the punch-tape words on them, if you even get that.  Quick's is CLEAN, too; everything from the neat state of the place itself (it LOOKS old, but doesn't FEEL old), to the incredibly friendly and polite staff, to the presentation of the food on the plate. Everything was just so tidy that I almost felt bad for splashing sauce on the table in my over-zealous spraying of my Fried Bologna."You all done?""Yeah, but I'll be back."
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,1/15/2013,184,236,4,5,4>The lure of Great Harvest Bread Co strikes again! I had previously thought that I kicked my addiction, but I couldn't resist after driving past this place day after day...It started with just wanting some hearty spinach feta bread. It progressed to stepping through the doors... my pupils dilated, I couldn't stop sniffing, I tried so many delicious samples, and caved and bought a massive loaf which I ate a hunk of on my way home.Yup, I'm back, Great Harvest. You're always there when I need my carb fix, aren't you?
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,1/14/2013,136,81,,5,5>Huge fan of this place. EXACTLY what the P&L needs, an authentic , non-chain bar with some soul, class and patrons that are not rocking tribal arm band tattoos and Affliction shirts. The interior is sexy and dimly lit with lots of dark wood. The views of downtown from the 2nd story are breathtaking and totally make you feel like you are in a big city club. The band the night I went was fantastic, hot spicy Latin music had everyone dancing and feeling good. The drinks are fantastic, but what else do you expect from the King Of KC Mixology Ryan Maybee? I can't wait back for more delicious beverages,sexy atmosphere and rockin'  live music.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,1/13/2013,89,62,,3,3>This is a great addition to the Crossroads.  I've been for lunch, dinner and happy hour at this point, and lunch/happy hour are probably my votes for best times to go.  Dinner is great, just not at a pricepoint I can see myself going very often.One of the best things, though, is the late night menu.  Kansas City is hard-pressed to find food after about 9pm, but The Jacobson is serving food until 1am - great for an after-party get together.The bar menu is impressive and there are some pretty solid tap selections.  The outdoor space is phenomenal, but the indoor space is somehow cozy and sexy at the same time.Overall, great experiences with both service and ambiance every time I've visited.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,1/12/2013,75,200,,3,2>Don't judge a book by its cover! A cover meaning its spot in a strip mall. I don't get sushi often, and when I do---I try not to go to a place that's landlocked. But we're in the middle of the country so there's really nothing we can do about it but hop on I-435 and head towards the dirty fluorescent back-lit signage. Ichiban has a vast variety of sushi options. I would definitely recommend the spicy salmon roll. It's fried slightly, adding that subtle crunch. Can't go wrong with the spicy tuna roll or the Philadelphia. Looking forward to my next visit!
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2012,1/11/2013,13,90,1,2,3>With one step you leave Kansas City and enter Florence. The small and cozy stone restaurant is perfect for a special event or intimate date. The size of the space and the mood of the atmosphere makes it a place that you shouldn't bring younger children. They do not accept reservations so it may be tough to get in on the weekend. I went with two others on a Monday and the restaurant was full, but we were able to be seated right away.Now on to the important part: the food! We each got a different meal and all three were fantastic. I was drooling over my table side neighbor's spaghetti, but opted for the Gorgonzola carbonara I had read so many reviews about. It was fantastic. Thick with perfectly textured noodles and warm, moist focaccia bread to sop up whatever sauce remains. My brother got the veal, which was smaller since it wasn't a pasta, but tasty nonetheless. My grandfather got the spaghetti, which he said was as fabulous as it looked. We didn't have room for dessert, but it looked fantastic! The wine list was extensive and fairly priced ($7). The house Chianti suited the meal perfectly.I would definitely recommend this place for the food, the service and the atmosphere. The reviews say casual because honestly that is the closest fitting option, but I would not show up in shorts and a t-shirt if I were coming for dinner. I wore slacks and a polo and still felt a little under dressed as the people around me were in dress shirts, ties and dresses. Just a heads up. Now go and enjoy!
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,1/10/2013,58,50,2,2,4>I waited several visits before doing this review.  I have yet to try anything in this place that I don't LOVE.  No I don't usually type in all caps, but the food in this place deserves an all caps rave review.Ordering is a little different and I recommend checking their menu or reviews because the amount of options can feel overwhelming to a new comer.  Trust me your first bite will make you realize that you just have to see what their other wraps and sauces can do.Many places mask bad flavor with a lot of heat, however this place manages to pack heat and flavor into anything that is supposed to deliver it.  The kung pao is one of my favorites and is a must try for anyone that loves the hot Chinese dish.This place seems to excel at translating complex dishes into a wrap format and still deliver the flavor a full plate gives you.  The best example is the sushi roll.  If you are a sushi lover like I am, you will want to indulge in this guilty pleasure... I say guilty because you know it is not sushi but you are enjoying it just as much as you would enjoy a perfectly executed roll from a place that charges 4 times the price for the quality of that flavor.If you have an skeptic with you, this place has their kryptonite.  King Hawaiian sliders are so good that it is almost a crime to describe them, they have to be experienced to be understood.  The softness, the flavor... its making me hungry just to think about them.Check out their menu and the review, go with a plan and I can guarantee that you will come back to try more.I wish I lived closer to this place... or maybe not, because I would probably double in size.  Their portions are already generous but if you have a big appetite you can order things OG... I dare you!
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,1/9/2013,12,67,1,4,4>Want to buy a gift for the person who has everything? This is the place for you. T-shirts, jewelry, candles, local art, ornaments, rugs, home decor, paper craft... Many items are locally made which does drive up the prices but you'll know that you're getting something one of a kind. Last year my husband forgot stocking stuffers on Christmas Eve and had to make the agonizing choice of shopping for me at CVS or Stuff. I can thank the parking gods that he was closer to Stuff - best stocking ever!
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,1/8/2013,75,38,,8,4>Disclaimer: I once lived in France.Brasseries in France are these wonderful gems of hospitality where you go when you want to feel like you're dining at your friend's house. And typically, in France, you choose a brasserie to call your own and it becomes your 'third place'. Just thinking about it makes me feel warm inside.While I can't say I will make Aixois my brasserie of choice, I will note that they did a great job emulating the atmosphere. The staff is friendly and inviting while the menu is true to nature. The wine selection is about the right size and I found the decor nearly spot on, so kudos thus far.As others have noted, I really enjoyed the steak frites. This is such a classic French brasserie dish that I couldn't choose anything else. They nailed it! My wine pairing wasn't memorable so that means it fit the bill.Bottomline, I will be back but you haven't won my heart. Maybe next time.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,1/7/2013,31,80,1,2,4>First off I have to tell you I was worried when the cute little waiter told me they didn't have blue cheese stuffed olives for my Martini.  Then i was elated when he told me he would love to personally stuff them for me with the blue cheese they use for salads...Sorry but I love dirty Martini's with blue cheese olives :-)The food was delish! I ordered a heart attack on a plate the Truffle BLT with Med-rare grilled Salmon, the Salmon of course helped block that heart attack of course! I can't wait to go back and try other items that sounded so good!
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2012,1/6/2013,88,95,,7,4>I love this place. No pretension! It's a dive bar w/ great food, particularly pizza of local notoriety - SCORE!My experience with Grinders before typically served as a meeting place.  Whether it was for a slice and a beer on First Friday or getting a text letting me know some of the group had assembled and I should get my happy self down there and join in on the fun. This was my relationship w/ Grinders we were acquaintances brought together by mutual friends. Until I found myself in the neighborhood one evening w/ some time to kill.  This is when I decided to move our relationship to the next level. I decided it was time to become friends rather than acquaintances and, BOY am I glad I did. I had just gotten off of work and was going to a Yelp event, soon to be surrounded by some of my favorite people, I found it only appropriate that I put away "Work Courtney" and slip on the ever confortable skin of "Social Courtney" and this was just the place to do it.  I sidled up the bar, took off my coat and was quickly met by Mandy, my cutie pootootie bartender.  After I nice big glass of aqua and generous pour of Jameson's neat I was beginning to settle in quite comfortably. One of the first things I noticed while sitting at the bar were the People.  Everyone was friendly.  When I say people I mean all of the people, patrons, staff, cooks, bartenders.  The staff was helpful and attentive w/o hovering and the patrons quick to say hello.  Dare I call the vibe - convivial? Yes, I think I dare. I understand that to some this may not sound like a huge feat in and of itself but one of the things about KC is we [Kansas Citians] have a tendency to exist in our own little bubbles, oblivious to those around us, especially if those around us are not "key" members of our immediate group. But sitting there surrounded by smiles I was infected with cheer and ease which helped me to transition into the right headspace for the, much anticipated, nights Event. For me, Grinders feels more like a neighborhood bar than a restaurant.  But hey, if you want more of a restaurant feel you can always go one door down to Grinders West and there you are.Easy peasey lemon squeezy.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,1/5/2013,82,237,1,4,2>Let it be known that this review weighs heavy on the drinks they serve and the bar tenders that kick so much ass.  Ever since R bar closed down I've been on a hunt for my new favorite drinking establishment.  My first few visits the drinks I ordered were completely arbitrary. Some I loved, others not so much. All of the drinks were created with the finesse of a Steve Vai guitar solo. Regardless of whether I like Steve Vai (which i don't) I must appreciate what that man does with a guitar. In short even drinks I don't like I can appreciate the talent behind the drink. Since then I ask the bar tender (mixologist if you prefer) to get creative. They make it, I drink it without question. The food here is pretty good but I've only had it once and feel it would be unfair for me to praise or criticize on that one experience.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2012,1/4/2013,155,128,,7,3>Definitely the best place to go in the KC area for tattoos!  I found this place based on recommendations from various people with some amazing artwork.  I went in on a Thursday afternoon to talk about getting a new tattoo and was lucky enough to be giving awesome advice regarding text in tattoos (and therefore decided against it) and was able to get an appointment a few days later with Chris Orr.I was at first hesitant to book an appointment that quickly without meeting the artist, but after seeing his portfolio I was comfortable with having him as my artist.  Every tattoo that he had in the portfolio showed amazingly clean lines and really detailed work.  This was my fourth tattoo and I was expecting a great deal of pain (based on previous experience) but Chris was amazing in minimizing the amount of pain I felt.  Especially considering my previous tattoo had me in so much pain I was holding my breath.  After a little under two hours I saw the amazing finished product -  he did such amazing work.  I love the detail and clean lines of my simple compass tattoo - it's everything that I wanted and much more.Will definitely be back for my next tattoo and will definitely ask him to do the next design as well!  Everyone is amazingly professional while keeping it an entertaining, although painful (expected), experience.  Should definitely be your go to place for amazing tattoos.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2012,1/3/2013,117,917,,6,4>I love airplanes, and I am a certified AvGeek. You may think you know airplanes because you were on a 747 once. You're wrong...you know very little. I know a lot. :) That being said, I had never been to this museum, so a hot, sunny Saturday afternoon meant a swing by. There was pretty much nobody here, so we got on a tour right away. I was really only here to see the actual planes, so I kind of rushed through the museum part as much as possible. Out to the hangar...yeah! A Lockheed Constellation, which I have only seen once before in person, a DC-3, and...a Martin 404. Holy cow...I had NEVER seen one of these in person before. While not a significant aircraft, it's always great to see an unusual model that you'll probably never see in another place. The highlight was being able to walk through them. It's one thing to see a Constellation from the outside, but to be able to actually walk in it, walk down the aisle, and get a feeling of what it was like inside...now, that's special.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,1/2/2013,28,134,2,2,2>I'll admit that I was a little sad to see Kennedy's go, but anxious to see what kind of place Remedy would be. I was a little taken aback by being greeted by a hostess upon walking in. My friends were already seated so I made my way to the table. The drink and food menus were kind of small in my opinion. I did settle on a drink that was I think called a Drunken Irishmen maybe...it definitly had irish in the name. OH MY GOD it was so good. spicy and sweet. yummy yummy. We split a few appetizers, they were pretty good. But all of us felt kind of uncomfortable there. The place just seems too "fancy" for Waldo. Not that fancy is bad...but compared to the shit-hole that Kennedy's was it is just weird. Prices were pretty expensive but not outrageous. But still too far out of my price range for a "sit here and drink/eat all night" kind of place. I think that overall this place will be good for Waldo but I think it will all depend on how they proceed going forward. They can't take themselves too seriously and I would recommend that they rotate the menus often to keep some variety in the place.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2012,1/1/2013,176,193,,4,4>I'd been a member of Scott Fitness/TheGymKC for a long while now, but only recently worked out at the midtown location.  I can easily see why it's becoming a fan favorite, but I'm not sure if I'd give up the River Market location for it.Just like the other locations, it has a hand-scanner for entry and is open 24 hours.  It has showers, cardio, and the typical weight equipment.  There's WiFi in the building, and plenty of space for classes and cardio.Part of the place's charm is that it utilizes the old department store / mall that used to be there.  There are still old signs up, and the doorways from the old businesses are there.It's also part of the drawback.  It scores well in charm, but for utility, it's kind of a minus -- the seemingly randomly placed door ways make the place seem a little too maze-like (and for newbies intimidated by the gym, that might be a turn-off).  The entrance is in the rear of the building, meaning it's not visible from the street at all, and thus, a little hard to find.  (I wouldn't call it a safety issue, but it does present a unique challenge for folks who wouldn't already know where it is.)  And, given that it's an old building... it's awfully hard to keep cool in the hot Kansas City summers.The thing is, though... TheGymKC is known for being a quirky alternative to the cookie cutter gyms from suburbia.  It's a gym for people who live in the heart of Kansas City and only go outside the city limits when they have to.  Judged on that scale?  It's decent.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,12/31/2012,46,405,,5,3>Went in for lunch and I believe that the Leawood demographic will find the Tavern to be a 3.5 to 4 Start lunch option.We started with Bruschetta, it was tasty.  It was kind of odd that it was served warm with melted mozzarella so it is more flatbread-ish than bruschetta.I had the Ahi Salad.  The Ahi was fresh and served rare.  Some might find the portion fairly small but the Mission Farms lunch crowd should find it acceptable.My colleague had a cheeseburger and he was very happy with it.  He said the bacon was juicy and that the burger had high quality beef served medium as he requested.The place was packed wall to wall for lunch.  The demand for good spots at Mission Farms is high, IF the restaurant can deliver well prepared food with good service.Mission Farms is known for churning through restaurants but the failed ones had some serious problems with food, service or both.  If The Tavern can maintain their quality of food and service, I believe they can thrive at Mission Farms...
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,12/30/2012,82,53,,9,4>If you're in any way a serious runner in KC, you've been to Gribble's, for good reason.They go the extra mile to make sure you've got a shoe you are happy with. Bring in your old shoe and they'll examine the wear patterns to make sure you've got the right setup. They'll give you plenty of options and be patient with you while you mull them over. If you want, they'll get into the wonky details of the compounds in the sole or the relative lift of the toe and the heel. They all run, they know about running, and they want to help you love it too.I'm on my fourth pair of shoes from here and I keep going back. They've recently moved to a bigger space in the mall, and their selection of clothing and accessories has expanded. I'm focused mostly on shoes and small accessories, so I can't speak to the rest.Why not 5 stars? Their return policy, while perfectly reasonable, is a little more strict than stores I've visited in other cities. They plaster every box with the details: 30 days to return, store credit only, and no shoes worn outside. I've suffered running on the treadmill on beautiful days to make sure I was happy with my shoes. To be fair, they did swap them out for me when I didn't like them, but I'd wish for a little more latitude. I've also seen shops that have treadmills and do some stride analysis. Now I'm really reaching, but those kinds of service would push what is a fantastic shop into the perfect range.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2012,12/29/2012,56,203,,4,4>Part restaurant and part music venue, The Brick is a good place to be.The menu is a nice hodge podge of comfort food and greasy spoon items.  The burgers are great as are the wings. When the weather turns cold a bowl of Sheri's chili is the perfect answer. Cold beer? Yep. Whisky? Yep. Maybe some Jager? Oh yeah. Want something different like cucumber or jalapeno-infused vodka? Got that too.Then there's brunch. From 11-3 every Saturday The Brick features it's biscuits and gravy bar featuring about six different types of gravy. If you're not into that there are plenty of other dishes including the Dump Truck (it's just as good as it sounds) and the chicken friend steak (emphasis on the fried.)Late at night the bar changes over to a venue which hosts all types of performers, spoken word artists, bands, etc... . The Brick has a full PA so you won't be cheated out of a full show.  If you watch the schedule you'll see that there's something for everybody.Anyway, don't take my word for it, get out of the house and see for it for yourself.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,12/28/2012,43,112,,6,4>My kids had been to the Arabia Steamboat Museum for school and kept telling me that we needed to go as a family.  I'd heard about this place from others and always felt bad that I hadn't experienced this KC original myself.  On the 4th of July we went and I'm sorry I hadn't gone sooner.  The Arabia is an incredible story, the museum is remarkable, and it is right here in our own back yard.  You start out in the gift shop and wait for the next tour (I believe every 30 minutes).  Once the tour starts you get a little background how in 1856 the Arabia steamboat was heading from St. Louis to points West and North with 200 tons of supplies, when it was speared by an underwater tree stump and sank in 5 minutes.  Lost underground for 140 years a group of local men decided to pull an Indiana Jones and find it, unearthing a staggering amount of treasure perfectly preserved.I was expecting a few glasses, maybe a tool or two recovered, but what I saw blew me away!  Other than the barrels of whiskey and gold they recovered the rest of the 200 tons of supplies.  Tools, clothing, shoes (4,500 pairs), building materials, kitchen goods, perfume, beads/buttons, one of the 28 foot wide paddle wheels, the skeleton of the mule that died, and much, much more.  They also have a lab that you can watch them restore and preserve the artifacts.  So much to see and the museum is very well laid out.  I would recommend this museum to any KC resident or out of town guests.  This Titanic like exhibit is something that is enjoyed by all ages.  I'm thankful the local men that took this project on decided to keep the collection together and here in KC.  A must see!!
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2012,12/27/2012,87,206,,3,3>If Gusto is a hipster lounge, then I guess I don't hate hipster lounges after all, and if it's a dive, it's the cleanest one I've ever been in.  Historic space in Westport (aren't they all?), fantastic space, and well-used.  Lots of nooks and crannies, fun dance floor, really nice bartenders, shockingly affordable drinks.  I really liked the clientele, as well...great, laid back vibe, notable lack of assiness.  Nice open area in the back. This is the bar that Westport needed.  I'll be back, and often.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,12/25/2012,53,126,,3,3>We also came over after the yelp party across the street at the drop for some real food.  But because the men in our party wanted to watch the hockey game we sat inside next to the bar.  Because of that our service was quick and efficient.I agree the music is very odd and clubbish, esp for a Monday night.  I would have preferred something more low key.The owners were super nice and actually brought out all the extras and condiments for us to try on our brats and with the fries - free of charge.  I really liked the cucumber sauce.  The ketchup was interesting and I'm not sure if I like it, kind of chunky and sweet, but very fresh.  I thought the fries were fine, but not amazing.The I got the Duck/Ginger brat with carmelized onions and it was excellent, but a little on the small side for the price.  Agreed- the pretzel bun is awesome.Amazing beer selection.  I wish they had spaetzle, that would really clinch it for me.I don't know - it seems a little pricy.  I hope they find the market for it.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2012,12/24/2012,17,55,,3,3>The prime reason why I went to this place for buffet so many times is water chestnut in coconut milk (tuptim krob). This is one of my favorite Thai dessert. I could not find it in any Thai restaurants I have visited around KC areas. This dessert is authentic, very similar to what I had back in Thailand. The next reason is the papaya salad. They have both Thai style and Laos style for papaya salad. The Laos style is my favorite and it is rare in US. Try the papaya salad with the sticky rice. It is very delicious. The third reason is the Pad Thai. Although the noodle is not similar to the original pad thai (the noodle similar to pho), the noodle is a small cube, which is actually very good. As other buffets, some food are good and others are okay. If you try to find an authentic Thai restaurant around KC, this is the one I would recommend for you. It is as good as it gets around here.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,12/23/2012,186,104,,3,3>Very happy to have a new hot dog place in the area.I ordered the Chicago Dog for the main event. so to speak.  You get a choice of 4 diff types of dogs, I ordered it with the Jumbo Dog.  It was a nice dog, big well cooked, just a bit of char.  It had the required neon relish and celery salt, etc.  The peppers on it were not hot enough in my opinion.For my sides (and yes I knew going in that I was ordering too much food) I got the Hot Tamale Pie and the Chili Mac.  The Hot Tamale Pie is basically a tamale with their chili spread on top, with a sprinkling of cheese.  The masa was nice and fluffy.  That said I should have saved the room in my stomach for the Chili Mac.The Chili Mac was fabulous.  Delicious!  Cheesy mac that is made with real cheese, and a bit, but not too much chili.  Its more mac than chili which suits me just fine.  I highly recommend it.  I wonder if I can buy it by the quart....
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2012,12/22/2012,50,122,,4,4>I believe I have found my new place for burgers and beer in town! After waiting much too long to try eating here, my wife and I finally made it in last night. I used to work at the Westport Coffeehouse, which is upstairs in the same building as this place, and it was really strange to see how the place had been so transformed, considering it was nothing but old dark storage space at the time. The beer choices are excellent and while at many places I have trouble finding just one or two beers I like the problem here was quite the opposite! I started with the Modus Operandi IPA then switched to Boulevard Tank 7 (one of my favorite beers) and was very surprised that it was served as a WHOLE PINT. Wow. I was only expecting an 8 ounce tulip glass or something.The burgers were excellent and perfect for a mid-range burger at $5.00 a piece. The fries were also stellar to the last one, except we made the mistake of getting a large order which was absolutely huge. Probably better for 3-4 people, and I like to eat a lot so take my advice!The food did take a fair amount of time to arrive -- about 25 minutes after ordering it -- but considering it was a Friday evening, they were packed, and everything else was excellent I'm willing to not worry about that. Even better, we were quite shocked that after all was said and done (two cheeseburgers, huge order of fries, and 3 draft beers) the check only came out to $25! In this day and age where nearly every restaurant has gotten really expensive, that's pretty hard to beat.I'm looking forward to going back in the near future!
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2012,12/21/2012,16,282,2,3,2>We stopped here after a movie on Sunday night and thoroughly enjoyed the large outdoor patio and fire pit. We noticed they had an upper deck as well and we hope to check that out on our next visit...The decor was very comfortable and well done. It certainly looks like the owner hopes to stay in the area:)We ordered 4 small plates, guacamole, 3 drinks and 2 beers for a cost of $100 before tip.  We started our evening with the free chips and salsa and decided that the salsa was not flavorful enough for me ( the other couple liked it though). At that point, we ordered the guacamole and were very happy with that choice. According to the margarita drinkers they thought the Mestizo margaritas were very good.We ordered 4 small plates to share and my favorite were the Mahi Tacos. They were a nice size and very fresh. We also ordered the Chiliquiles, the Tostadas and the Sautéed Shrimp. The server did a great job in suggesting that the kitchen could lighten our shrimp dish when we felt like it might be too heavy for our tastes - that is a wonderful touch! I enjoyed our choices, but would probably only reorder the tacos and try something different next time.Their outdoor patio is reason enough to give them a try, but if you are willing to try some new dishes, you might be pleasantly surprised by the whole package.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,12/20/2012,61,366,,2,3>I love the vegetarian place and so does my hubby.  You don't have to be a vegan to eat here.  It's fresh, local and outstanding food.  The first time there I took a recommedation on getting the tacos because I need to get it to go.  Are you sure you didn't put beef in there???  I had 2, the fish and the mushroom and rice.  OMG. the mushroom/rice was my absolute favorite and their homemade salsa was the icing on that cake.Next time in, I went for the Pizzawrap - it's big, it's filling and it needs to shared between 2 people!  There were so many scrumption things on that wrap that I couldn't close it.  Hubby had the french toast made with bread pudding....need I say more....  From the 2 little bites I got, there was a party in my mouth.I always look forward to going here so I can continue to try new things.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2012,12/19/2012,56,253,2,3,2>i came here for Happy Hour to celebrate a friend's birthday AND I had a Groupon. Holy cheap eats & drinks! I had been here for a Yelp Elite event and was looking forward to going back to try the drinks and small plates.During HH, the specialty drinks are $5.50. i started off with the Asian Pear (fresh pear, vodka, moscato) and my friend had the Bellini Martini (white peach puree, vodka, bubbles). Both were excellent. For our second round, i had the Tres Mangos and my friend has the Red Wine Martini. I thought my mango martini would be too sweet but it was very refresing. The Red Wine Martini was not my favorite, but my friend loved it.There are some HH cheap eats, but we opted for the mussels and the steak kabob. The mussels were good - I've had better but these were fine. The steak kabob had thick cuts of tender meat that were cooked medium and were nicely seasoned. I think next time I would trade the mussels for the breschetta.The service was fine. The kitchen was kind of slow, but nothing to irritate me too badly. There was one waitress for the whole place. She was running like crazy. I asked her what was up and she said someone called in sick. That could have been a disaster, but she was very efficient. I saw a manager or owner there just chit-chatting with some patrons. Seems like he could have given her some help. Just a thought.Would I come back? Absolutely. Plus, I totally forgot to order any of the solid "drops". What was wrong with me? I will definitely be back to try a few of those.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,12/18/2012,65,258,2,3,4>My mother found this place online when she was searching for places to see while visiting me in my new home town. I was suspicious. Local wine? MO winemaker? Was it worth the bother? In 110 degree weather at the end of the work day? Sigh. As always happens, my mother was correct. This place is a treasure.The venue is a revamped vintage building that it filled with light and charm. The staff was witty, funny, irreverent and knowledgeable. The owner was drinking with friends in the background and happily came up and answered questions. Even the t-shirts were tempting, although if they had women's, I'd have been a goner. The tasting was super affordable, like $5. The Urban Drover wine? Complex, smoky, fruit forward, bold and utterly satisfying. We bought two bottles. 50% Petit Verdot, 50% Cabernet Franc. Can't wait to go again. Mom? Come visit!
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2012,12/17/2012,2,23,5,5,7>4.5I'm hard pressed to say what I didn't like--service is fast, but they don't fawn all over you like at Bluestem. They take care of you and then get out of the way. Also, it was loud, so don't expect to hear the sweet nothings your boss utters in your ear.But, oh. The food is good. Excellent. Pork Belly is superb. It was warm, and the fat MELTED in our mouths. It was like eating the soul of a beautiful french fry. Grilled mushrooms taste like the best beef you've ever had.Cheese plate = not bad.Escargot Ravioli is a must-not-miss.Tomato salad is incredibly flavorful.In addition to a lengthy happy hour, I'd say this is probably the best small plates place.OM NOM.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,12/16/2012,339,655,,7,6>I've been here four times and the last time ROCKED MY WORLD! This restaurant has both Ethiopian and Haitian food. The last time I was there, I ordered the meat combo and it was delllllllllllicious :) They also put some sort of light brown spice on the injera bread that had some nice slow heat to it which kicked it up a notch. I've never had spicy Ethiopian before, but it did the trick. The meat just melted in your mouth and was so soft. Every little bite was heaven. My wife and I were angling to get more bites of the chicken.We also had the Taso Bef, Taso Poule, and Kitfo. All three were good, but not smokin. On previous occasions, we have tried the Haitian. That was good, but not amazing.Decor? Simple indeed, which is fine :) It's a hole in the wall sort of place, but a hidden gem.Why 4 out of 5 stars? Well, they are slow (but then again ALL Ethiopian restaurants are without exception;I suppose it's just part of their culture). You'd figure we'd have faster service as we are ALWAYS the only ones in the restaurant. I've never seen another soul not related to them! Also, they ran out of the basics or didn't have the chef onsite to prepare our favorite dishes. However, the day was saved this time and they arrived before we had a chance to change to another dish. However, they have very friendly staff and our waters were never half full. It's a family run operation.We can't wait to check out the lunch buffet!
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2012,12/15/2012,182,452,3,7,4>I'm not one to question Yelp's rating system, but if six stars were available, I'd strongly consider awarding it to The Local Pig. Welcome to meat heaven.Want to know how a world class butcher shop should should be run? Here's your answer.Exceptionally high quality products at what I think are remarkably affordable prices. The burgers are out of this world, recently tried many of their sausages (OMG) at a private party, and the jalapeno smoked bacon (be sure to save the drippings for finishing one of the Pig's steaks on another night) is pure food porn.Don't want to have your purchase sitting around in the car if you aren't hurrying right home? No problem, they'll add a cold pack to your box and tie it up with a string. They'll protect your goodies for you until you arrive home. Enough to make me cry.The staff couldn't be nicer, happy to explain the cuts, and obviously enjoying their work. The location, a long way out of the way, couldn't concern me less. Happy to drive over from Lawrence to pick up a mother load.Bravo to The Local Pig for bringing a true world class butcher experience to the Kansas City region! If you haven't visited, do soon. You won't regret it.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2012,12/14/2012,80,254,,5,2>I have taken my Labrador retrievers to Mission Animal Clinic for about 3 years now, and Dr. Erickson is our primary vet. I think he and his staff do a great job of taking care of my guys, and he isn't pushy with recommendations. His services are also very affordable, in my opinion. In my experience with Dr. Erickson, he is very honest. When my lab Stacia was diagnosed with a cancerous mast cell tumor this summer, he was the first to admit that he was not an oncologist, and consulted with 3 specialists regarding the unusual circumstance that proceeded. Long story short, he didn't push me into having a possibly unnecessary surgical procedure, and helped me weigh all of the options. It should be noted that on Saturdays, Mission Animal Clinic provides an appointment free vaccination clinic.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,12/13/2012,7,38,2,3,3>Wow! From wine to starter, large plate to dessert Tannin Wine Bar offers a casual, yet trendy atmosphere.  In short, I would go back tomorrow. Perhaps I would even entertain standing outside the doors before they open! Um, I really like this place...On the recommendation of a friend I ordered the crab dip. It was delightfully rich & flavorful with big lumps of crab meat. Lumps and crabs should never go together except in a cake or a dip. I was highly satisfied with this starter!For my entree I ordered the 8oz Wagyu burger. The chef cooked it perfectly and it was so juicy that when I bit into it the juice dripped onto my plate. Normally, I would be appalled but the burger wasn't greasy, it was just that juicy! And then... I can hardly put into words... there was dessert. Baked peaches with cinnamon ice cream and a bit of rum cake.   What a great way to end a tremendous meal. Oh, and they serve good wine too!Eat there...
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2012,12/11/2012,222,511,,6,4>We've had a handful of people that have lived or passed through TX tell us about Alamo Drafthousecand how awesome it is. Now I finally get it.The hubby and I ended up going to their soft opening both Monday and Tuesday to see a couple different movies and test out some menu items. I didn't quite get how they'd serve us food but after entering the theaters, it was easy to see. There's a system which is a little confusing at first (it doesn't help that we got in late and missed the explanation) but once you get it, well, you can get it (the food). The theaters on the first floor and second floor are set up a little differently. The first floor has a round table between every other seat while the upstairs has a long table that goes across the front of the whole rows. Not sure which I like better.I found the seats to be comfortable enough but I've gotten spoiled by all these reclining seats and was dismayed to find out they didn't even recline a little. I was surprised by how few seats there were. In fact, the theater upstairs only had three rows. The movie screens themselves are typical and you won't be disappointed.Now for the food and service. This is a movie theater. We didn't expect terribly good food. Boy, were we wrong. The first time I ordered the mexi-chicken wrap and it was really good! The hubby had a burger and raved about it. The next time I had a chicken mushroom burger and really liked it. I was really blown over by the moistness of the chicken since when you usually get a chicken burger, the chicken almost always tends to be on the dry side. The food takes about 15-30 minutes to come out but you're getting it freshly made.The service was really good. Again, we expected growing pains but the freshly trained staff was on top of their game.All in all, we were really happy with everything and cannot wait to go back!
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,12/10/2012,160,211,8,8,3>Guys, I want to give this place fewer stars... I really do.  When a restaurant opens up near you, and you have absolutely NO self control related to consuming said restaurant's delicious fare, and then you gain weight because of all the deliciousness that you've been shoving in your face...  you want to give them a bad rating so they'll close and you can be skinny again.Alas, I cannot.  I must give them five stars.  I don't like chains, and I was a little bit hesitant about Ok Joe's expanding to their third location.  I was worried they might lose the charm and the special sauce that made the original so damn good.  However, they didn't.  The food here is comparable to the original, and that means it is awesome.  The line also moves much more quickly, although it will occasionally be out the door at dinner time.  All worth it.  Plus, they've added a tiny bar near the front of the line so you can enjoy a Boulevard draft while you wait.  Good service and good business decision as well!I've had every meat here, the ribs, the ends, the sides.  They're all great.  My favorite is the Z-man and fries, still.  There is just something about that flavor/texture combination that drives me nuts.  Great place to take out of towners.  Nothing like it.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,12/9/2012,54,211,3,3,3>Oxymoron: (ok si MOR on) : n., see Good Vegan Bakery, i.e. Mud Pie on W. 39th St. But this one's real.Ok, I'll admit, I looked at this place and snickered as I went by for months. C'mon-how can that stuff be any good? How the h*** can you bake without eggs? Then a friend had a stroke, changed his diet, and had me rethinking how I eat...curiosity got the better of me, and I tried it. Fan. For. Life.If only they'd make the faux Twix bars by the million...they only had them the first time I was there. Fortunately the Coffee Chocolate muffins were a completely acceptable substitute. As are the peanut butter frosted chocolate cupcakes. I only like my coffee black, so I can't argue the relative virtues of cream vs. soy or hemp milk. But I can say that theirs is terrific (Oddly Correct? I might not be, it might be their own), earthy and herbal, and thank the lord, not dark roasted!The place itself is pure 39th Street, a converted old house with comfy furniture, and if you don't see a place to sit, just go through a doorway or around a corner, and you'll find another room! The service is friendly and helpful to those new at the Vegan thing.  It's a wonderful place to hang out and watch the goings-on of this fascinating neighborhood.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,12/8/2012,182,367,,3,3>Anyplace that carries Green Dirt Farm's cheese is A-OK with me!  I love their selection of cheese, gourmet accoutrements, and beverages.  They have a lot of unique sodas and wines - great for packing a quick picnic.  Love all their mustards. Who knew how tasty bacon mustard on a pretzel could be?The staff is very friendly and knowledge, helping with any questions.  They also have samples provided for each of their cheeses so you can sample and browse at leisure.   Will definitely be back for all my cheese and picnic needs!
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2012,12/7/2012,69,196,,3,3>Wonderful Italian style food in a beautiful setting. This restaurant is elegant without being pretentious. The large fireplace in the bar creates an inviting entrance, and the oversized, blown-glass chandeliers are stunning.  The food is upscale, creative Italian, so if you are a fan of Olive Garden style Italian, you might have a difficulty finding something you recognize on this menu. Every dish I've ever had has been delicious. I would recommend having the pasta trio special your first time visiting, and then branching onto the set menu at your subsequent visits.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2012,12/6/2012,109,117,4,3,2>I like Succotash.  Not my favorite place but the food is pretty good.  I like the feel of the restaurant, it's eclectic and quirky.   There's a weird (HUGE) painting of a girl with tomato soup running down her chin on the wall - if you don't focus on that then you're good.  There's also this metal piece above the bar with a couple of doves, BEAUTIFUL!The food is tasty and they serve enormous portions!  I've had their sandwiches, salads, and eggs benedict.  The Eggs Benny were ok, the poached egg was overcooked and I'm not a fan of the ham they used, the muffin though was so goooood!  It's soft but dense and has a great flavor.  The salads and sandwiches are some of the best I've had!The service though is total hipster service. "I can't give you good service cause that's too mainstream"  - I imagine this is what they say to themselves  after you've been seated or "Your business casual wear screams corporate drone and I'm too cool to want to be nice to you."  Whatever it is that's going on under that awful haircut I can get over it and enjoy the cool little spot and the good eats.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2012,12/5/2012,532,417,,6,3>This is usually our go to BBQ place. We actually live closer to OK Joe's but we choose to drive out to RJ's for several reasons.Our favorites are the pulled pork, chopped brisket sandwich, brisket, and the half chicken. We also really enjoy the smoked wings, bison empanadas and the jalapeño sausage. We love the sweet potato fries too.What I like about the BBQ here is that you can taste the protein and the smoke flavor. Too many places serve their bbq soaked in sauce, to me that says their meat's not good enough to stand on it's own. RJ's will ask if you want it plain so you can add the sauce. This is how I recommend you try it first. Taste the meat and the smoke flavor, it's so delicious then add some sauce to compliment it. What I don't like, their sauce. They have original, hot and habanero hot (on request). I've had the first two and I agree with others that there's too much vinegar for my taste. However, my husband likes it so you be the judge there. Just be sure you take at least one bite without sauce to appreciate the meat itself.Last night I tried the baby back ribs (which I had last in 2010) and I was not impressed. They leave the silver skin on the underside, blah. This is a preference thing, so people leave it on to keep moisture in. However it also keeps flavoring from the rub out. Also the meat was over cooked, maybe from them keeping it warm. It had good smoke flavor, but that was the only good point. I don't know if it was an off night for them or if ribs just aren't their thing anymore. Two years ago I loved them.The atmosphere is casual and the dining room is small, but cozy. The staff is friendly too. They also have several local beers on draught that change with the season. And great food and drink daily specials.Even though I did not like my ribs, I'm giving 4 starts because I've had too many great meals with other dishes. And the sauce is really a personal preference thing in my opinion.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2012,12/4/2012,212,100,3,5,4>"Yay!  This shop is just as adorable as it's name!" -My initial reaction when first laying eyes on this quaint little one-room coffee shop and snow cone/soda station.  Some variation of that reaction has been my first thought as I've returned time after time to this unique little business tucked away in one of my favorite KC neighborhoods.  There are pros and cons to loving Little Freshie, but even with the cons, this little shop tugs on my heartstrings like seeing a puppy playing ball with a baby...well, almost. Sentimental part of me aside, this shop is a definite must-visit location for anyone out exploring the Westside/Summit area of town.  I even like their trendy little gift section-brightly colored pastries, hand-made towels, and old-fashioned paper straws that just scream Zooey Deschanel-to name a few of the items. Side note: I actually Zooey's character using one of these straws in a New Girl episode shortly after my latest visit to LF and I couldn't help but to laugh.  More-so than their coffee, I love the unique and ever-changing line-up of house-made soda flavors and daily scone rotation.  In the past couple of weeks, they have also started serving lunch-time sandwiches that I cannot wait to try.  As these are constantly being rotated, I cannot even say which ones I'm most excited to try because each new Facebook photo they send out looks more enticing than the day before's!  Coffee-wise, Little Freshie has some very well-known Barista powerhouses manning those steam wands, and some padawans that are being trained up by these coffee jedi's.  Utilizing local up-and-coming roastery, Oddly Correct, I also adore the sizes of the drinks that are available at Little Freshie.  Anywhere that calls a 12oz beverage a 'Large' is definitely a place I can get behind. Anything more than that usually just ends up being filler that isn't all that great for me anyway!   Just to keep this gag-inducing review from being all puppies and rainbows, the aforementioned 'cons' of being a Little Freshie fan: They are CLOSED on Mondays (seriously, I know everyone needs a day off but WTF?! Relax LF, I still love you but I don't Like this about you.) Also, they only carry Whole and Soy milk. This is not so much of a con as it is an annoyance but Angie explained the theory behind this choice and I definitely respect her position: if you're going to put milk in coffee, whole milk honestly does just taste better.  Plus with the smaller sized cups, you're really not getting all that much added milk fat in your diet so if you can drink it, enjoy it!  To accommodate the vegan and lactose challenged they carry soy but I can't help but wish they'd carry Almond instead. Just to make them that much more unique from the countless number of shops who carry soy for their dairy free selection.  So, please do yourself and the world a favor and visit my favorite little snow cone/soda/coffee shop.  It's impossible to be surrounded by all of this cute and all of these high-quality ingredients and leave without a smile on your face. I am always instantly in a great mood after leaving this place and I'd challenge others to see if they feel the same!
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2012,12/3/2012,117,117,2,7,6>When I was young, my grandmother would make a biweekly trip to City Market.  We would visit a little old Italian man who made the best horseradish.  My grandmother was addicted to the stuff.  I remember he always had a lollipop for me.  These were the These were the days when River Market was still River Quay and Dingeldorf's Deli was the place to eat.  The permanent stalls at the market had these huge stable looking doors and often the owners of the stalls would be sitting out front and gladly have a friendly chat with you, whether you were buying or not.Then came the mid to late 70s, a mob war started with the police chief getting blown up in his car and suddenly River Quay and City Market were places you didn't go because it was dangerous.  That was then.  River Quay is no more, but City Market is back and better than it ever was.Gone are the barn door and the horseradish man.  In his place you'll find Middle Eastern spice shops that perfume the air with their magnificent smells, a coffeehouse that is excellent and a place where friends meet to chat and have a cuppa.  Restaurants to accomodate  all the people that now call that area home.  To truly get a feel for the market, you have to go on a Saturday morning.It will be packed with people, but the farmers take to the center stalls with everything from produce, to natural skin care products, fresh baked bread, quality meats, and even a Kettle Corn vendor.  There are bouncy houses for the kids and several strolling vebndors doing balloon animals, face painting, etc.  It has a very old fair type of vibe to it.  Now if you want to escape the heat and you aren't hungry or are avoiding the need to spend hundreds of dollars on amazing spices, there is the Steam Boat Arabia Museum where the whole family can learn about a real steamboat that was found in the Mighty MO.Now just because Saturday is the biggest day doesn't mean it dies during the week.  There may not be the fair atmosphere, but the welcome warm attitude of the business owners and the amazing smells of spices and fresh produce are still there during the week.  So definitely eat your veggies and if you can, get them from City Market.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2012,12/2/2012,102,158,2,7,3>Cafe Trio now officially has everything a dining establishment can offer for me personally (some of which likely are not common criteria for others), as well as meeting standards for anyone looking for a top notch dining experience.  I have been seated in almost every spot so far.  The Jewel Box sits up above the main dining room, and allows for a view overlooking the rest of the restaurant, the bar, the main dining room, AND the lovely patio.  I actually think there may be another nook or cranny I have yet to explore.  But thus far, I do feel that I've managed to experience Cafe Trio from many different vantage points, and have enjoyed all of them. A plus for me personally is that Cafe Trio is on the bus route.  The fact that I have the option of patio dining when feasible is also appealing to me.  AND the fact that Cafe Trio has been very accommodating since day one to my dietary restrictions, will always keep me coming back. The FOOD: The menu includes a wide variety, which can accommodate most dietary restrictions, as well as discriminating tastes.  I could go on about the various options.  But I instead suggest going to their website & perusing the menu.My current excitement about the menu is the addition of a GLUTEN FREE MENU. Prior to this menu existing, I always did perfectly fine at Cafe Trio.  I was able to communicate to my server, who would then allow me the opportunity to voice any dietary restrictions with the chef.  I have always had a good reception on this, & have also been presented with a delicious gluten free meal.But NOW -- they have an actual MENU - just for me.  And , for a Kansas City restaurant, it is HUGE.  I had enough options that I had a tough time deciding during my last visit, & ultimately ended up ordering one starter, and a small plate. I am already mentally planning my next meal, where I will order an entree (if I can decide on just one).The BAR: Cafe Trio offers a selection of signature cocktails.  You can also feel free to order a gin & tonic.  But the option for something fancy does exist.The SERVICE:I have always had excellent service every time I have been there, even when sitting at the bar with a large group, during a busy happy hour. The ATMOSPHERE:Classy, yet relaxing, and alive.  If you are looking for something subdued, the option of picking a specific location within the building should offer that cozy vibe as well.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2012,12/1/2012,238,295,7,13,9>Let me get this off my chest before I bust...I've got a new favorite! Thai restaurant that is.  Sweet Siam!  Everything about this place is warm and inviting. Warm hard-wood floors, toasted pumpkin and spring green walls. Interesting accent details and lighting, but the food...that's where the real warmth is. Pun intended. Appetizers: Nam Sod -  (Thai lettuce wraps) ground pork, chilis, lime, and peanuts. Yum!   Fresh Basil Rolls - (Thai spring rolls) lettuce, basil, shrimp, and pork wrapped in a spring roll wrapper.The Pad Thai is the best that I have ever had!  You just can't go wrong. Delicate noodles, succulent shrimp, cooked to perfection with just the right amount of heat.Cashew nut stir fry  - green peppers, garlic, and onions, in a spicy pepper sauce. Luscious enough to lick the plate...and I would have if it were not for a quick thinking server who whisked the plate away when she saw the gleam in my eye.All this washed down with a steaming cup of jasmine tea. Ahhhhh, the simple pleasures in life.  Dessert -a large slice of coconut heaven, AKA Coconut cake. Tender layers of white cake, spread with a vanilla butter and whipped cream frosting. Lovingly adorned with shredded coconut.  Do yourself a favor...drop that ham sandwich on Wonder bread! Treat your growling belly to a Thai feast at Sweet Siam, post haste!
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,11/30/2012,109,426,2,5,5>This was my first time at the SW Blvd La Bodega location and it was awesome.  For some reason, I thought the space, and the outdoor seating in particular, would be grittier because it's on SW Blvd.  It wasn't.  It was perfect.  We got lucky because it was the most amazing weather we've had in KC all summer long.  It was like we were transported to Barcelona... I love La Bodega because they have so many vegetarian options and really generous portions, which anyone can appreciate.  My vegetarian friend and I started with a pitcher of the white sangria.  It's light and goes down nice and smooth...probably why we ended up having two.  They were half price and at $15/pitcher, who could say no?  In our defense, we were there for quite some time. I think we basically ordered all the vegetarian dishes that were on the happy hour menu.  The standouts for me were the roasted red peppers stuffed with ahi and rice (tasted very Mediterranean), the white bean puree dish (like hummus), the goat cheese baked in tomato sauce (you must get this even if you want meat) and the refried roasted potatoes (so much better than I could have imagined).  I must also mention how much I love the crostini that some of the dishes were served with.  So buttery, yet crisp and savory.  Yum!It was really the perfect start to a great weekend.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,11/29/2012,553,763,16,8,5>This place is porn star meets housewife, meets roll play, meets costume.  Throw a few travel umbrellas in there and you have Sazzy's.The day before I had tried to go to Birdies for nipple covers and found out they don't open until 11 am.  Still nipple cover-less the next day, I went here based on my moms recommendation.  Yeah that's right, my mom.  Apparently, she had an appointment at Monarch and decided to wander around this store before hand.I called the store first to make sure they had my goods.  The owner must have thought it was a sting, because she was whispering and was hesitant to give me any information.  When I finally got her talking about nipple covers she said she had a pair for private performances and another for Sturgis.  What the hell?  I get to the store and find out the private performance nipple covers are red sequined hearts, but in desperation, I buy them anyway.While checking out, I notice a huge line of hosiery and tights.  An old lady in a rain coat is buying more than she will ever wear.  As I am checking out, I hear two girls giggling in the dressing room.  BTW, if you ever need a custom made adult tutu- they make em!I know this area of town is swinger central (they gotta keep in fresh in the burbs) but I never expected to find this place in a suburban strip mall.Look, I don't know what the hell is going on here, but they had my nipple covers for a Bachelorette party and it saved my ass.  Now all I can think about is that damn tutu!  I want one!
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2012,11/28/2012,216,313,2,10,3>There are some benefits to living in a small college town - one of them is the existence of affordable buffets like TryYaki. To sort off any confusion off the bat, the regular buffet (Mon-Sat) is $6.99 for lunch, $8.99 for dinner. On Sunday they have a Sunday buffet that is $7.99 all day. Less than $10 for all-you-can-eat sushi? That's almost unfathomable in a regular city. I came on a Sunday with fairly low expectations to get in, get some sushi, and get out...I ended up staying much longer due to the vast selection of their buffet:-SUSHI: there are 12 different types of rolls; no nigiri but you really can't complain given the price and selection. To my delight only 3 of these 12 variations contained cream cheese (I consider this to be an utter disgrace to sushi), and the others include ingredients like crab, unagi, vegetable tempura, and something that resembles a rainbow roll. The obvious problem with an inexpensive sushi buffet is in the quality of the raw fish. I'll admit there were some pieces that looked questionable (pallid in color) but I simply stayed away from those. And if you're feeling adventurous - they have a deep fried sushi as well...-COLD APPS: a salad bar that has standard cold items like vegetables and fruit but also baby octopus, mussels, and shrimp cocktail. I wouldn't consider the octopus/mussels prime quality but the shrimp is just fine - sweet and tasty.-NOODLE BAR: you have a choice of 6 noodles (udon/pho/clear noodles, among others), 4 broths (chicken/beef/veggie/spicy), 4 protein (chicken/beef/squid/tofu), and multiple other additions like napa cabbage, fish balls, bean sprouts, and scallions. Take your bowl up to the window where a friendly Asian man will take your bowl and ring a bell when it's ready. Beware, the spicy broth is heavy on the msg, but the novelty of creating your own noodle bowl is what makes this station exciting.-CHINESE FOOD: Here you'll find everything you'd ever want to order from Chinese takeout - general tso's chicken, sesame chicken, beef and broccoli, lo mein...I can't personally speak for any of these items as this isn't really my thing.-FRIED FOOD: Items worth trying include panko-crusted shrimp, vegetable tempura, and sesame balls. I was disappointed by the crab rangoon, it's one of my guilty pleasures but the filling was oddly seasoned.-In addition to all the above items, there are random desserts floating around as well as an old-school soft serve machine. If you're a taster like me, you may as well give up ahead of time on trying to have a little bit of everything here.The interior was clean and the wait staff very attentive and nice. My main gripe with TryYaki is that the prices aren't advertised clearly. And of course, the quality of the ingredients isn't top notch, though it's certainly passable. You've just got to cherry-pick. But hell, anytime I think of these negatives I always come back to the same thought: at this price, all you have to do is eat a roll of sushi and it pays off. I'm not going to be the jerk who complains :)
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2012,11/27/2012,153,77,2,11,6>AIf you live in or near Waldo or Brookside, take notice and make yourself a regular at this wonderful new restaurant. We went on opening night and they performed as if they had been open a year, save for not having all their spirits and craft beers in yet. But hell, they had Boulevard Pale Ale and my cup never went empty. And they were busy, so their service gets an A+ in my book. Appetizer menu is stellar: fried oysters, lobster poutine, mussells and frites, deviled eggs and cheese plates! That's probably half of the list. We went with the cheese plate and it was excellent.For dinner, the missus had the 4 Pork Gnocchi which is to die for.  I had a Cuban sandie and it was the best I've had in Kansas City (your move El Porton). The rest of the menu ranges anywhere from flatbreds to ribeyes to multiple mac n cheese's to a burger. Something for anyone, really. The best way to describe Louie's Wine Dive is simply elegant with a neighborhood feel, which should work out perfect in this location. It's such an improvement over the last restaurant located there (Cantina Del Rey) and a welcome one at that. In a neighborhood full of bar food and pizza, casually upscale works very very well for Louie's Wine Dive. And they even have wine on tap! Never seen that before!!
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2012,11/26/2012,38,44,,7,4>Our friends told us about this experience and we had absolutely no idea what to expect.You pay ahead for the dinner when you make your reservation (ours was $25.00 per person).   The Bistro is there to raise money for the school system as well as aford the culinary students experience dealing with all aspects of running, managing, and coordinating a restaurant.It was such a great experience!  Not only did we have a wonderful server (Jake, you are awesome) who was unabashed at expressing his passion and knowledge of the menu with humour and sincerity, the food was better than the last me we had at the American.I had Mussels that had the slightest kick, then aged steak (which was a perfect medium rare) ... well the menu constantly changes so the rest of it I will just say was a taste experience that could convert me to being a foodie.The subtlety of flavour, the creative uses of ingredients, the ambiance... all equalled a fantastic time.We also got a cool perk - Jake gave us a tour of the school's kitchen and classroom areas.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,11/25/2012,37,9,3,9,6>So we were invited back to the restaurant by John Hildebrand, the general manager, to show us how Zócalo has improved since our fist visit. The second time around changed our minds entirely. They have done some really amazing things with the flavors! The pickled vegetables I complained about have been re-conceptualized and were one of my favorite things this time. All of the flavors were more bold and exciting, and even the salsa trio (which I liked on our first visit) has gotten better. Seriously. If you don't try the salsa trio, you're missing out. We also had the calamari and it was excellent (do not be afraid to try the pickled vegetables; they're amazing). My boyfriend had the chorizo meatloaf and was REALLY impressed by it. I had the chile relleno and it was incredible. Great flavors, not too greasy, and VERY spicy. Loved it!I have to say, we were blown away by how different our experience was the second time, and we are excited to go back! Thanks, John, for your amazing hospitality and dedication to your customers. That is exactly what customer service is all about!
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2012,11/23/2012,36,204,,4,1>I was in the mood for Indian food recently so my husband and I gave this place a try.  We met for a midweek lunch date and had to wait 10 minutes for a table.  Had it been much longer we might have walked away, but I'm so glad we didn't.  As I suspected, a place this busy must be busy for a reason!I came with the intent to order off the menu, there are several Indian dishes that I really like, but as soon as I saw that the buffet was well stocked, AND included Mango Lassi as well as Chai, well... the value was just overwhelming.  I had small  samples of absolutely everything and this place is now secured as my go-to Indian place.  The flavors were just as they should be, not too faint, or too strong.  (Too strong in the sense that when you get back to the office no one has any doubt what you had for lunch...though I enjoy eating it, I don't like to leave smelling like curry.)Luckily that was not the case here.  Some highlights for me:  the butter chicken was very rich, none of the meat dishes suffered from "dry meat" bathed in sauce problems, I liked the variety of rice available.  There was even more than one kind of naan bread!   There were also several appetizers!  And yes there was even dessert... though I thought it was a crime there was no Gulab Jamun.  WHAT?? In it's place I made a new discovery: halva.  It's a little bit on the pasty side, but with a little bit of the mango frozen yogurt, it was pretty tasty.   My husband settled in one specific dish, I believe they call it "chicken 89?" It was small chunks of boneless chicken coated in an intensely red spice mix.  Along with rice, naan and raita, my husband was immensely satisfied.Could have made 5 stars, but this place still has a little room left for improvement.   The decor is a little chintzy,and the service could be a little better.  Also, be warned, if you go back for lunch buffet on the weekends, it is several dollars more!
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,11/22/2012,150,237,,5,2>Wow. I have no other words to say. I've been to SO many masseuses and Josh blew everyone out of the water. His voice is so calming and I immediately felt at ease as soon as I walked into the room. I was a little freaked out that a dude was going to be rubbing me down, but he was so professional and used the perfect amount of pressure to try and ease out the sick knots in my shoulders. He even threw in hot stones because someone had cancelled before me. My 90-minute session was over way too quickly and I'm already looking forward to my next appointment with Josh. BOOK HIM. NOW. You won't regret it.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,11/21/2012,41,66,,7,5>Really?  No one has written a review of Green Dirt Farm yet?  Alright...here we go!I have been purchasing their lamb (100% grass-fed - so good!!) and cheese (made from their sheep's milk right on the farm) for years from Farmer's Markets.  There are very few things that are better than just some fresh bread, and any of their cheeses.  My personal favorites are the fresh flavored with garlic and peppercorns, the fresh flavored with nettle, their Wee Woolly (an aged cheese), and the Bossa (also an aged cheese.)  We are so lucky to have these cheeses come from, and be available, in the KC area.  They are outstanding! In the summer they host farm table dinners - each one featuring a different area chef using the lamb and cheeses from the farm in their meal + other local products (bread, produce, etc.)  The tickets for these dinners go on sale a couple months in advance, and sell out FAST (like in 10 minutes fast.)  You have to be ready-to-pounce on your keyboard!  This is the fourth year of them hosting these events.  Previous years I was either pregnant or nursing, and just felt like I couldn't go, but not this year!  I wanted to be able to fully relax, and enjoying drinking the thoughtfully paired wines.  This is not a cheap event, but it is so worth every penny.  It is not just the food and drinks, but the intimacy and specialness of the dinner.  There are only 30 spots for each dinner.  You sit at a single, long table in a beautiful open-air barn, surrounded by rolling, lush hills.  One of the owners, Jacqueline, of Green Dirt Farm spoke with us about various aspects of life on the farm, the cheeses they make, the lambs that they are carefully and humanely raising, and so much more. She was open to questions and conversation, and was simply a delightful person to chat with.  The chef, in our case Chef Howard Hanna of The Rieger, also talks with everyone about each course and walked around happy to engage folks in conversation.  Other staff members of both Green Dirt farm, and The Rieger provided diners with information too. Everyone, and I mean everyone, who was working this event was fantastic.  So nice, attentive, easygoing, helpful, and on top of what needed to happen.  On to the food!  When we arrived, we got to mingle around enjoying a cocktail and some hor d'oeurve.  There were slices of GDF's Woolly Rind cheese on bread with jam, and a perfect, thin piece of raw lamb loin wrapped around minted peas and pickled carrots.  I was glad I had a friend with me to chat with.  Everyone seemed paired off with whomever they came with.  But, once folks got to drinking, and once we took our seats, it was easy to chat with whomever was sitting near you.  Everything I ate last night was delicious, but the first course was my very favorite.  It was a tart made from GDF's fresh cheese.  It was used to form a custard base, then the tart was topped with a whole host of veggies and herbs.  Some were raw, others pickled, and a few roasted.  Beets, carrots, turnip, radishes, lavender, and so much more!  There were also crumbles of fresh cheese.  It was really lovely.  We were also served a frittata that was studded with mushrooms, onion, garlic scapes, and had a half disc of Bossa cheese plunked in the middle, and melted perfectly.  It was served family-style, as was the paella.  My favorite part of the paella was the lamb chorizo!  Dessert was great too.  Chef Hanna brought in Natasha, of Natasha's Mulberry and Mott, and she presented us with a peach galette topped with sheep's milk yogurt ice cream, peach sherbet, and a fantastic sugared basil leaf!  We were on the farm for a total of about four hours.  It was just a pleasure.  I would love to experience this again, but I am so happy and thankful to have been able to do it once.  Thank you to everyone at Green Dirt Farm, and everyone from The Rieger.  You all are doing great things!  I hope to come back for one of the farm's Sunday tours sometime, and I will definitely keep enjoying their cheeses and lamb for as long as they, and I, are around. Alright, my long love letter is over!
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2012,11/20/2012,76,303,,2,6>I have to admit that this review may be a bit biased because this wonderful place is where I first laid eyes on the sweetest man on earth who is now my husband, but I truly believe that Kansas City is very fortunate to have a museum of this quality.First, a visit to the Nelson simply is not complete without wandering around the grounds.  It would be a darn shame to go there on a beautiful day and not bother to spend as much time outside as inside.  The impeccably manicured lawns and the formal visage of the main museum belie the whimsy of the grounds where one can find several Henry Moore sculptures that are just begging to be "felt up" with their smooth flowing curves, the cool Claes Oldenburg shuttlecocks and other sculptural pieces including a brand new installation which has fast become a personal favorite: a 60-foot stainless steel tree sculpture.The Nelson does a fairly good job of rotating their exhibits, but there are some favorites that never move including the really cool Chinese temple room.  There are works there by major artists, a great Native American exhibit and some antiquities as well.  The food at their Rozelle Court Restaurant is fairly decent and reasonably priced for what it is:  cafeteria-style food served in the middle of a museum. One of the best things about the Nelson?  It's free!  Parking is 5 bucks if you use their garage, but you can also park on the street and hoof it.  I always donate when I go because I can afford to donate, but I truly like the idea of art being within reach to everyone and in Kansas City, that is truly the case since anyone can walk into the Nelson and have a wonderful time without spending a dime if they choose.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2012,11/19/2012,247,223,2,12,3>This restaurant is in a location where many restaurants have failed, although the location is excellent, with one of the best parking lots in the 39th St. area.  The lot is a few blocks east of restaurant row.  It is difficult for me to know what to say about this restaurant or any of its predecessors.  All seem to have had merit, but made odd mistakes.  This restaurant has a well regarded owner and chef.  The style of the food is not to my preference, with emphasis on comfort food and meat.  As a pescatarian, I find much of the food on the menu to be unacceptable.  As a result, I went here with low expectations.  But I was very surprised by how well things went initially.  The waiter and the owner were exceptionally considerate, and adapted everything to our preferences.  Almost everything we ordered was altered to our requests, and some of the food was really excellent, with the salmon and vegetables being outstanding.  We were unexpectedly very happy with everything, including the ability and willingness of the chef to meet our preferences in a genuinely excellent manner.There was a disturbing disappointment later in the dinner, but it would be best that I not go into detail.  It was an honest mistake.  I respect the owner, the chef, and the waiter, and I wish them well, although I will not return.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2012,11/18/2012,467,1371,,5,6>One of the joys of Kansas City is that you can be in Johnson County one moment, 15 minutes later be in Downtown or the Crossroads, and 15 minutes after that be in downtown Parkville.  I found myself here, at English Landing Park, last Sunday for a sunset walk with a friend and her very large, very friendly dog.I know the Missouri River isn't exactly swimming water, but it sure is pretty to walk beside.  The park is extremely well-maintained and has water pumps every 500 yards or so for your thirsty dog or fellow walker.Worth the drive.  Even cooler if you actually lived here.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,11/17/2012,38,50,2,6,2>Downtown Olathe an Epicurious  wasteland no more!  Seriously have you ever tried to find a decent meal or drink in downtown Olathe before?  It's been long overdue.So, the next time you are getting a divorce, paying a fine for possession, or bailing your brother out of jail; stop in at Dub V's.  Seriously, these are the times when you need good food and Alcohol the most!I like the Cuban, but you should also give the Nachos a go or any of the other sandwich selections.  I'm a fan of the Beer Chips for my side.  Who has Beer Chips out there?  The food is good and the staff will go out of there way to take care of you.As mentioned in the another review there is some Manhattan Rock-a-Belly going on here.   It's right next to the Courthouse on Cherry. Also, they have a great patio out back and you will find additional parking out back as well.If you are in the area for Old Settler's you are obligated to give this place a try!
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2012,11/16/2012,43,153,3,2,2>This place has gone through some major renovation since the last time I was here in the spring! All the old booths are gone and replaced with sleek booths that even have a grill on them now too! Unfortunately, I didn't order Korean BBQ (even though I have been craving it forever!) because my friends and I were not that hungry. This is the first place that I have heard about in KC that actually lets you grill at the table. So instead of getting Korean BBQ, I decided to get a sol-dot bibimbap (bibimbap in a hot stone pot). It was very good and authentic! Other places that I have tried will have weird things in their bibimbap, but Choga keeps with tradition! Over a bed of rice is kimchi, bean sprouts, mushrooms, and some bulgogi meat...all topped with a raw egg (which will get cooked by the hot stone pot!). There were also a ton of side dishes as well! And they would frequently refill them as well. This place is great and I can't wait to go back to try their Korean BBQ!Pros:- authentic Korean food....even with Korean waitresses and chefs!- delicious side dishes as well (called banchen in Korean).....lots of kimchi, bean sprouts, and daikon!- yummy bibimbap that was very authenticCons:- it is a little pricey (~$13) but it's Korean food....what do you expect??Why I gave it a 4.....The food was great and the service was awesome too! My friend noticed that his bibimbap's tray was melting and giving off a weird smell so they made his dish fresh from scratch and at no extra cost! The side dishes are very yummy as well and I was really happy with my sol-dot bibimbap. I will be back for the Korean BBQ next time!
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,11/15/2012,41,102,,3,3>By now, I've had Blue Nile a few times, and what a delight! The flavors seem slightly reminiscent of idian cuisine with a little something different mixed in! The bread that is served with every meal is extremely unique, slightly tangy, and spongy in texture. But don't let the description fool you - the warm, soft bread has great flavor when it's used in the traditional sense- to pick up bites of this incredible food! The beef and chicken dishes are both awesome! Perfectly seasoned in a spicy and rich sauce with huge chucks of tender meat, try them with the red lentils or the cabbage and carrots! The lunch buffet is probably the best option for those who want to try a little of everything, but be careful! You'll be full sooner than you'd think! They also have several items on their menu for vegan and vegetarian diners! Having tried them before, I can tell you that everything here is nothing short of awesome! Tucked away in a little corner of the River Market, it's easy to walk by without a second glance, but I promise, a stop here will leave you stuffed! I definitely consider this restaurant one of my favorite "adventurous" spots in Kansas City!
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2012,11/14/2012,181,143,1,5,7>Le Fou Frog is an small yet quaint restaurant in the Rivermarket area of Downtown Kansas City. This place is a perfect date spot, but be prepared to spend more compared to your normal restaurant.I called the restaurant on Thursday to ask if reservations were required for a table for two. The owner (I assumed it was the owner) was very friendly and told us he was looking forward to see us. He did state that reservations are highly recommended on Fridays and Saturdays, so be aware of that. The restaurant has it's own parking lot so no need for street parking.The restaurant has a bar section and a seating area dressed in red to add a romantic ambiance. The service was great to say the least. From the host/owner greeting to the server recommendations and menu explanations, you can't get any better restaurant service. I love that the waiters go around and sort of mingle with the guests, it brings a better atmosphere in the air.The menu has a numerous selection from soups, salads, small plates/appetizers, fish entrees, meat entrees, a drink menu, and a dessert menu. They also have a special menu that is written on a chalkboard (this menu varies daily). Here's a breakdown of the items we ordered:Drinks: -Pinot Blanc: according to the menu, "Harmonious with elegant finesse; crisp light and bright." It was a great tasting white wine, perfect for the evening. -French Riviera: only had a small sip but it was a tasty, fruity-tasting drink.Soup: -Clam Chowder: not the same as a New England clam chowder. Not as creamy and is actually a red/orange color (possibly tomato flavor) with real clams -Lobster Bisque: I love tomato bisque because it's salty and somewhat sweet at the same time so I had to try this. The lobster pieces were small but the soup had the lobster taste in the soup. It was delicious!  Entrée:-Lobster Arugula: Arugula is one of my favorite salad greens. The lobster meat was elegantly placed. It was a light entrée and was just right. -Koho Salmon: The salmon was very tender and cooked correctly. You know the salmon is cooked correctly when the meat cuts off easily and perfectly with just the fork. It is served on a bed of delicious, creamy risotto and vegetables. The waiter was correct when he said you can't go wrong with the salmonThey serve bread, a tarty bite-sized thing (I wish I could have remembered what it was) before your meal and they give you complimentary chocolate truffles when you receive your bill.Le Fou Frog was a great dining experience and was definitely worth the price. I have to try this place during happy hour.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2012,11/13/2012,521,843,4,3,4>Now just wait a minute, Yelp...I thought I reviewed Waldo Pizza eons ago. I've hit this pizza place so often, except for the lunch buffet, not yet. The tap room, is extremely loud, too loud. That is not my favorite area. I don't like loud, but who cares, cause Waldo Pizza is perfect. The service makes you feel a bit special, each and every time.Waldo Pizza is a mecca of Kansas City, cause it is. I have had everything from vegan pizza, to gluten free pizza, to meat whatever pizza, to vegetarian pizza. Perfect service, every time. there's like, a kajillion toppings, several cheeses (I like goat cheese), and sauces and crusts. I totally suggest the honey wheat  crust (still believing I have reviewed this one). Vegan pizza, with vegan cheese and gluten free crust. They also have Vegan "meat'. But one thing stands out among others, this side of St. Louis. ...OMFG....Gooey Butter Cake. Just like over on the Delmar Loop. I make Gooey Butter Cake, and Waldo's Pizza's is better than that. I could go to Waldo Pizza and just order Gooey Butter Cake, but I'd feel the deep guilt in the pit of my stomach for not engaging pizza. I like dessert menus, but this one is tops. I usually don't order cake, yuck, I make enough of it at home it becomes redundant to order it from a menu. But this can't be ignored. Stop teasing  me with a dessert menu, cause the vegan cupcakes are better then my vegan cupcakes...holy hell, I've met my match. Which is what I  thought in 2010, when I first visited this location, and thought I reviewed it.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,11/12/2012,59,138,2,3,3>My husband and i had lunch at Beer Kitchen today and we will definitely add it to our 'lunch place list'.  The food was incredibly good.  Both burgers that we had, yum, blue cheese fries, yum and then the little donuts, extra yum.  The greatest thing about Beer Kitchen was our server.  We got there towards the end of lunch (around 1:45) and you could tell service was winding down.  She gave us a hearty "Hello!" to make sure we felt welcome and then showed us to our table.  We waited for a little while at this point BUT the coolest thing was that the first thing she said when she came back to the table was, "Sorry for your wait".  I LOVE that, it's so simple and it hadn't been too long but she read the situation and took total responsibility for us waiting...a tiny bit.  I love that.  She made sure our orders were put in quick AND brought us the little donuts at the end ON THE HOUSE and apologized again.  So nice, best service EVER.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,11/11/2012,50,87,2,2,3>What brings me back to the Shack?  Is it the pizza? Is it the beer? Is it the sports on TV during a lazy Sunday afternoon?  Yup, yup and yup!  It's all these things ... combined with a relaxed vibe, friendly staff and a completely unpretentious crowd.I have been a fan of Caddy Shack since the first Sunday I wandered in this past spring.  It was actually my second visit to Caddy Shack; the first was about a year earlier when I stopped in only for a beer and smelled, but did not sample, their amazing homemade pizza.  But on this visit I was there to watch some Royals on the TV and try this pizza that I'd heard so much about.  It did not disappoint! I can't really say what it is about the pizza at Caddy Shack that I love so much.  It's not fancy, trendy or on the cutting edge of culinary history ... it's just really good mother f'ing pizza!  It's the kind of pizza I used to eat as a kid ... way back in the early 80's ... you know, when Pac Man was the shit.  Combine that pizza with a cold pitcher (or two) of Miller Lite and it's a meal meant for a ... well, a Sunday, and to me there's not much better.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2012,11/10/2012,23,129,,15,3>I was thrilled to find out that that Blue Moose was moving into the space vacated by a former bar and grille on Woodland at K10.  This neighborhood desperately needs food purveyor choices!The day I visited was the first week of being open at the height of lunch rush.  The place was quite crowded but there was adequate staff, and everyone was bustling, so the service gets a gold  rating.  The menu offered many items that you would not find on a bar and grille faire.  I opted for the Cuban pannini, which was wonderful..Sliced pork roast, layered with smoked ham and mustard. Topped with melted swiss and pickles.  Sandwich was crisply toasted, filled with oozy cheese and tasty pork.  The pickle added the perfect punch of flavor to tie it all together.  My co diner sampled the Smoked Turkey/pesto pannini.  Again, meat was tender, cheese gooey, and the pesto added the flavor to tie it all up.  Top notch on both entrees.Being a new establishment, the desserts did not escape my attention, and had to be sampled.  We ordered the mini sampler size offerings of Limcello Creame Torte and strawberry cheese cake, which were listed as $1.99 and $2.50 respectively....But we ended up with the full size offerings at $6 per.  Both were very good, the torte light and creamy with a slight liquor flavoring--the cheesecake had strawberry made into the cheesecake itself.  Both still a good deal at $6, but was bigger than I needed to top off the meal.Our server was very polite and attentive, and answered a lot of questions, that I am sure she answered many, many times a day; but did so with a smile. My rating should really be 4 1/2 stars, but I was really impressed that it functioned so well, fresh out of the box , only being open a few days.  Food was stellar and will definitely be returning....and I love that fact that it is close to home.  I think this place will do well.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,11/9/2012,150,498,,5,5>Not only is the food substantially awesome, the service is top-notch.  I absentmindedly left the other night without remembering to take my boxed-up leftovers (since it seems that I can never actually FINISH anything.)  The owner actually CALLED MY CELL PHONE a few minutes later to inquire if I wanted to return for the food, if I hadn't made it home just yet.  Oh my gosh yes!  That, my dear reader, is service above-and-beyond.I will write a more substantive review later, but I had to put this little tidbit out there to give them props for service.  Thanks Guillaume & Ingrid.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,11/8/2012,118,260,11,8,8>Yeah, really, 5-stars. Now that's not the same as 5 stars for a place like Justus, or for Hotel ZaZa in Houston. This is 5-stars for a place that serves fried foods in plastic baskets. And don't pretend not to be intrigued because even this vegetarian (mostly vegan) guy has a craving every now and then for food served in a basket. My mom took me to the original In-A-Tub (across the street from this location) when I was ridiculously young. Probably around 35 years ago. Back then, it was a tiny place where you'd park your car along a concrete corridor like at Sonic, but without the servers that come to your car. You'd go inside, place your order, wait, and take it back to your car when you got it. There were no tables inside. They moved to the current location in the 80s, and opened a few franchise stores. One at Antioch Mall (now gone) one at Metro North Mall (also gone) one near Zona Rosa (still there, I believe) and one briefly located in a gas station near Smithville . There are a few things you need to know about In-A-Tub: 1) Most everything there is fried. I'd say everything, but they sell drinks and soft serve ice cream, which I'm relatively sure is not fried. Yes, that means the tacos too.  2) In-A-Tub is not a sustainable source of nutrition. If you find yourself eating here more than once a quarter or so, you need an intervention.  3) There are secret things not on the menu. From bean only tacos and shakes mixed with cookies to a simple side of diced jalapenos 4) In-A-Tub is a right of passage and a destination of expatriates. Besides my kids, who I have one at a time looked forward to the day that they get introduced to In-A-Tub, I've taken friends and a girlfriend (or two) over the years and with few exceptions, the reaction is the same: "this is awful for me. this is delicious". and then five minutes later with that eyes rolled back in their head that everyone likes to see as often as possible, "oh my god". This is the kind of place that friends who move away come back to while they're in town.  5) The two In-A-Tubs I know still exist are not created equal. At last check, the one near Zona wasn't as amazing as the original location on N. Oak.So, this mostly vegan who shops in the organic section of the grocery store would summarize the last 35 years of experience with In-A-Tub like this:If I ever know when I'm going to die, there's an excellent chance that In-A-Tub will be my last meal.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2012,11/7/2012,30,269,2,3,4>There aren't many places in Kansas City that can do what Kansas City Costume Company does every day (except Sundays)!  I love Halloween and it's one season when Kansas City Costume must be especially busy with customers.  There are racks and racks of nifty costumes in all sizes.  Need a velvet top hat? a bright green bowler? a hot pink cowgirl hat?  How about a long grey beard or an ultra curly afro or a lovely purple pageboy?  A realistic lion mask or a huge selection of bejeweled and be-feathered fantasy masks.  Elegant feather boas in a dozen colors and fishnet stockings in jewel tones.I always love a trip to Kansas City Costume and appreciate the pleasant, helpful service I get.  It must be one of the most fun places to work in the city!
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2012,11/6/2012,4,42,1,8,4>This is a rating for the Dog Park only.  I can understand how some could be frustrated with the size of this park, especially with a dog who struggles with commands, but I find that to be one of it's great assets.  In so many communities, a dog park is nothing more than a fenced in rectangle with simply room to run.  We are very lucky in JoCo, that the dog parks are more than that.  They are large open spaces, with natural surroundings that allow for exploring and adventures, in addition to the typical socializing for our canine friends.  This park has a very large gravel path circling the entire park, but also several smaller trails through the wooded areas, through small creeks, and dense woods.  The addition of the water fountains and bathroom facilites have only improved what was already a great place to burn that doggie energy, and big enough for good human exercise as well.Be sure to really check your pooch for ticks after playtime, as they seem to be particularly thick this summer.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,11/5/2012,148,216,1,8,3>If there were ever such a thing as heaven between two flaky crusts, this place offers it up.  How have I never been here?  Pie...pie...all day long, pie.This super cute storefront is located in old Overland Park and and as soon as you walk in, there's no question about what they serve.  It's decorated in a quaint, vintage-style that made me feel like I was sitting in my grandma's kitchen.  There were even REAL flowers at each table!I chose a single serving cherry pie and my friend got the single serving bumbleberry pie.  The cherry pie was delicious!  The crust was flaky and light and the cherries were the perfect blend of sweet and tart.  This had to be one of the best cherry pies I've ever had.  Besides my grandma's, of course.I watched some delicious looking peach pies being prepared in the back and will definitely be back for one of those.  Now that I know this place exists, and it isn't very far from my office, I'm going to have a problem staying away.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,11/4/2012,516,731,3,5,4>Long story short: For Kansas City standards, these are some pretty legit tacos similar to what I can get in LALong story long:I was told by my old roommate about this place, that they have some pretty good tacos reminiscent of the ones that I can get back in LA.  One night, we finally decided to come here.  Apparently this is their Taqueria, with a larger, sit down style restaurant literally just around the corner.This place seats about maybe 15-18 people, with a self serve soda fountain and condiment/salsa bar.  I looked at the menu and they pretty much only offered tacos, burritos, and tortas.  They had a couple of other items here and there, but that was pretty much it.  The prices seemed pretty reasonable too.What really got me excited was that I saw more than just the "safe" carne asada, pollo, and carnitas.  They had cabeza, lengua, tripa, and a couple of others that you only find on taco trucks in LA.  I even decided to brush up on my Spanish and ordered."dos de cabeza, dos de lengua, dos de carnitas, un asada y una tripa""te gusta tripa?" the girl behind the counter said shockingly.All I did was nod.The tacos were $1.75, which is usually highway robbery, but then again I was ordering from an actual brick and mortar restaurant and not a taco truck.  My roommate and I took our food and went home.I opened it all up, squeeze some lime wedges, as well as both the hot salsa and the salsa verde, and dug in.  The cabeza was good, but not as good as the El Taquito Mexicano truck and was a little more greasy, but the rest of it all was pretty good.  Not quite as good as off the back of a truck, but for Kansas City standards, it was pretty legit.I've been back several times.  Once I got a wet burrito and that was a good sized burrito and was good.  I've also come on Tuesday for $1 taco night, which are just hard shell ground beef tacos, but still, $1 tacos!!!I will continue coming here for as long as I live out here.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,11/3/2012,74,287,4,10,4>Made a second visit to Marv's, as I was going to a meeting a few blocks away.  Marv's has been discovered (that didn't take long)!  At 5:30 there wasn't an empty table to be had, but fortunately there were counter seats.  If they continue to do this well, it won't be long before they're thinking of new locations to expand to around town!  (They'd do very well in Midtown and Downtown, for sure!)Tonight I ordered the pecan chicken salad sandwich on whole-grain, with an accompanying side of cole slaw.  It was just too hot to think of anything heavier!  I did decide to sample their soup, though, and ordered a cup of the "mish mash" which is chicken noodle soup with a matzo ball and a kreplach (meat-filled Jewish won ton/ravioli/pierog).  A clever way to sample all these classic Jewish comfort soup accompaniments in one!The soup is excellent -- topped with a generous-sized matzo ball that was flavorful and on the light side.  This being a Jewish thing there are at least two battling schools of thought on matzo balls:  floaters and sinkers.  My family tends to be of the sinker school.  But this matzo ball was a nice compromise between the two styles, not so light it would float away, yet substantial enough to taste like a dumpling and stick to your ribs!  But not leaden!  The kreplach was OK -- just not remarkable.  (Truthfully, I like my kreplach fried after being boiled, rather than in soup.  Yum!)  The chicken broth itself is rich, full-bodied and well-seasoned, as were the chunks of chicken meat it includes.  They should sell this stuff in quarts, to go, especially in flu season!  Heck, they could probably make tanker deliveries of it around town!  This is good chicken soup!The sandwich was nice.  It included some thin slices of purple onion that were surprisingly strong and somewhat overwhelmed the mild-flavored chicken salad.  Sometimes I like onion, sometimes I don't, and tonight was a "don't" night.  Oh, well.  The chicken salad itself is pleasant and if I order the sandwich again I'll remember to hold the onions.  If they kick up the chicken salad a little it would be even better -- not sure exactly what it needs, though.  A subtle touch of horseradish?  Or fresh pepper?  It just seems to need a little boost.  I'm amazed to find myself rhapsodizing over cole slaw, but this was as good as I think I've ever had -- the perfect balance between tangy and creamy with only a hint of sweetness.  Seriously delicious!  Do not meddle with this recipe, Marv's -- you've got it exactly right!To leave with a sweet taste in my mouth I had a chocolate macaroon, which is just a regular macaroon with a slight drizzle of chocolate.  Small, but rich, and it did the trick!  In spite of the crowds and this still being their first week of business the service was fine and there was no problem getting in and out in time for my 7:00 meeting.  Folks, it looks like we have a hit on our hands!  Kansas City is no longer the Negev Desert of Jewish cuisine!
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,11/2/2012,74,1211,12,4,5>Bang!That is the sound of vegans and vegetarians hitting the floor everywhere. While the green food crowd is busy popping Super B-compex and other supplements, you and I will be neatly destroying the meat fibers off the smoked pork back ribs here. Or chewing slowly on a burnt end. Or seasoning the wild salmon just before grilling and admiring the glistening flesh.That's right. This is a full throttle shrine to the protein we all need. Some prefer it in other forms... like soy. Go somewhere else. Here it is animal derived for the most part. I am sure we all appreciate the sacrifice. Maybe someday not too far off we will not enjoy the flesh anymore. It is resource intensive to produce. We may all end up vegans by necessity. Thank God Almighty I love vegan cuisine, too! But for now, rejoice!! Partake in the flesh. Raw, seared, smoked, grilled, steamed and stewed. Amen!This is the place!
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2012,11/1/2012,57,63,,7,4>This place is a charming little store and such a wonderful addition to Mass! I went in here during an afternoon of retail-therapy shopping after a stressful day at work, and I felt great by the time I left.The store has a very homey feel to it, owing largely to the fact that the display cases are things you'd be very likely to see in your own house: chests of drawers; bowls of various shapes and sizes holding earrings and other small trinkets, bookshelves, and even a clever little picture frame used to display necklaces.After seeing some of the things Made has put up on Twitter and Facebook, I came in expecting a certain style of merchandise, but I have to say I was pleasantly surprised to see a variety of things for people of different tastes. On one shelf, there was a bowl of pendants made from antique typewriter keys. Totally my kind of jewelry, although there wasn't a "C" available. On another shelf, popcorn seasoning in flavors like barbecue and beer. Not really my bag, but kind of fun. And on yet another shelf, vintage comic books turned into notebooks, coasters, and pin-on buttons! Totally something Boyfriend could appreciate.After picking out a sweet little locket for myself, I went to check out and spoke with Jennifer, one of the owners, about the typewriter pendants. When I told her I was interested in getting a "C" pendant, she offered to take down my name and email address so she could notify me when they re-ordered. Excellent!Later that week, I tweeted to the store's Twitter account, asking them what materials my locket was made of so I'd know how to properly care for it. They quickly got back to me with an answer, and said they were glad I liked it so much.The next time Boyfriend and I were on Mass doing some window shopping, I took him into Made and showed him the things I thought he'd like: the comic book items, some barware made from recycled beer bottles, and some hand-tooled leather belts. He was eying a Thor notebook pretty heavily, so I may have to pick that up to put in with his birthday goodies this year. (Shhh, don't tell!) I dug through the buttons and happened across one featuring my favorite comic heroine, Black Canary, and had to buy it. She's hard to find, so I'm always thrilled to see that someone else cares enough to feature her on their products. This time, it was Matt (Jennifer's husband) running the register. Again, I had a short but pleasant chat with him. I cannot say enough good things about them and the way they run their business. It doesn't matter if you're buying a one-dollar button; they still treat you like a neighbor and are very demonstrative of their appreciation for your support of their business.I've been keeping an eye on their Facebook and Twitter feeds and intend to go back to Made anytime I can afford to spend a few dollars. Their home decor items are adorable, and I can't wait to start getting things for our new house there. I hope they stay on Mass for a long, long time!
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2012,10/31/2012,151,400,,5,5>T'will be a short review, based on a fairly short one time visit. :)  Most of the other reviews cover the 'facts' you need to know.I liked Knuckleheads. Went with some friends to see Blackberry Smoke, and I wasn't one bit disappointed.  Drink prices were not nearly as high as I thought they'd be, and we even had beverage service on the upper deck outside, on a very regular basis.  The bleachers would not be my first choice of seating, but I'll just have to get there sooner next time.  I wouldn't want it to be any more crowded upstairs either.  We even sat inside for awhile to cool off, and we still had a clear view of the band and the stage.  There are TVs scattered around to see the act as well, but I'm not there to watch TV.  The outside bartender and our waitress were friendly. We'll leave the service comments at that...Thankfully my friends were navigating the trip! There are a few turns I was glad they warned me about ahead of time. When people say the trains are right there, they mean RIGHT THERE!  They do go pretty slow, but lots of whistle blowing at times. I thought the cover charge was fair; it's slightly cheaper to buy ahead of time, even with a few dollars fees, but they did have a higher cover at the door.The opening band was very good, and I enjoyed them quite a bit.  I need to get back in the swing of seeing more live local bands.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,10/30/2012,14,120,3,12,5>WOW am I impressed by this place! I was strolling around Westport after stuffing my face full of frozen yogurt, and I walked by Imperial Foot Care's storefront. I stopped to look at the reflexology posters and a smiling lady stepped out and asked me if I was interested in a foot massage. I walked in and she handed me her card and showed me the specials on the board. $15 for a 30 minute foot massage? Um, heck yes. It was an impulse decision but I had already been thinking about getting a pedicure or some sort of 'treat', and the price was perfect.Inside there are rows of huge cushy seats that fold down and ottomans lined up right in front of them. There's a TV on mute in case you're a freak and like to keep your eyes open while getting pampered. It's dimly lit, clean, and you can hear fountains and instrumental Asian music (it was less cheesy than the typical Asian buffet music, I promise). A gentleman came over with clean towels and a bucket of hot water with some sort of salts or soap in it. He reclined my giant seat down and gave me a lovely head, neck, and shoulder massage while my feet soaked. After the head massage he got to work on my tootsies. Don't wear mega tight skinny jeans here because they work on your legs almost as much as they work on your feet. Either wear loose pants that can roll up, or wear shorts. It was my first time having a reflexology massage so I don't have much to compare it to, but I think it was just as nice as a traditional massage. It wasn't painful even though at times they use a lot of friction and kind of slap at your feet, but I swear it feels great. Yup, now I sound like a foot pervert.Anyway... the massage lasted a full 30 minutes, maybe even a touch longer. Everyone was friendly and professional and the atmosphere was relaxing and quiet. For the price it's an amazing deal... I'm already planning on going back next weekend to take advantage of their $29 one hour body and foot massage combo.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2012,10/29/2012,146,179,,4,4>I visited the Cider Mill recently with the significant other and I have to say, I was beyond impressed!  I had the luck of meeting the owner and his daughter, who's family has been working the mill since it's conception in 1977.  They showed us the old original press and the new fancy one.  These are on display in the old mill house for everyone to get a load of.  We then went across the yard to the bakery windows.  Inside we saw their staff making fresh Cider Doughnuts.  If you have yet to experience a Louisburg original recipe doughnut, correct yourself ASAP!  I learned that their cider makes up about half of the liquids that go into the batter, and you can certainly taste it.  After a quick fry, they are dipped in cinnamon sugar; a perfect last touch to these delightful treats.  While we dined on our doughnuts we also tried their cider sloooshies...amaze!  Inside the General Store (made of the wood from an old barn, awesome) is just about anything "country" you can think of.  Best of all though, fresh cider and their root beer (totes worth a try as well my friends).  Next we journeyed over to the family recreation/maze/hayride center.  Only about a 150 yard walk, this country playground is well worth a visit.  It cost $8 dollars to get in, but get a load of what all that gets you: Unlimited hayrides, unlimited access to the corn maze (or the maize maze as I like to call it), a children's play area including a silo (loved playing in there), a children's maze, a rope course bridge, a hay bale fort, bon fires in the evening, live music, barn yard animals that you are encouraged to pet, an awesome slide for all ages, and more!  Also, you can stay for as long as you like.  Yes, that means that a cooler with lunch or dinner is more than welcome as it would be a great time to play all day and then enjoy a bon fire and live music as the sun sets.  The staff here are great!  Very accommodating and they never make you feel like there is a schedule to keep.  When it comes to day trips, both for myself with friends or recommending a trip for the family, this place is tops!!
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,10/28/2012,0,64,,9,2>No idea how the Happy Gillis crew continues to this, but they have once again taken an out of the way hard to find spot and made it a destination.  I have no idea how they keep pulling this off but I assume someone was selling their soul somewhere.  The new menu is outstanding.  My fist time in I actually ordered a second lunch because the food was so good.  If you order the burger you MUST add the "bacon marmalade" option!  Holly crap!  By the way the entrees to not come with sides so if you want something like fries with your burgar you need to order them separately.Finding the place can be a tad tricky if you do not know the bottoms well.   Having the address (1531 Genessee St) is not going to do much for you since almost none of the buildings in that area have their street numbers displayed.  When you get off the highway get on to Genessee like you are going to the Kemper and stop when you a red former service station that does not look like a restaurant.  Thats it.  Your found it!   It sounds worse than it is.  AND IT IS TOTALLY WORTH THE EFFORT!WARNING:  If it has just rained that giant puddle on the south parking lot entrence is MUCH deeper than it looks.  Your car will probably bottom out.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,10/27/2012,159,346,4,9,4>Ladies, a friendly warning, if you are going to see a band in the depths of the underground...wear comfy shoes. The stairs and ramp are difficult to manuever in heels especially if you have been drinking.Another warning, if you are a non-smoker this place may not be for you. Remember Missouri is not non-smoking. Trust me, all the ceiling fans in the world would not help rid this place of smoke. I thought someone was in the stall in the ladies room barfing but no she was almost having an asthma attack because of the smoke. Okay, why have I tolerated all of the above and high whiskey prices? Because one of my favorite local bands plays here. I have also had good service every time I have been here too.  Oh yeah and the beer is quite tasty! I had the stout and it was excellent.  I haven't tried the food from the pub grub part of the menu. But my friend ordered chicken nachos and they looked and smelled really good.I wish my visits were more frequent but personally I am not a fan of cigarette smoke. Otherwise I have a fine time at O'Malley's.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2012,10/26/2012,184,189,,8,7>I have been waiting to update this review for a while and I think after tasting the last revision of the menu I am ready to do so. When I look around Kansas City I only see a handful of places that are consistently going deeper and deeper into there bag of tricks and tools to keep impressing their customers. The Rieger is at the top of this list and is doing so with food, drink, and hospitality. On a recent visit I enjoyed a wonderful mix of world class cuisine with some KC flare thrown in the pan at the last minute. Case in point the main dish I had, the smoked rabbit. This wonderful dish is a combination of tender spicy beans at the base, pickled cabbage rolls on the side, and smoked, bbq'd rabbit as the main attraction. Oh yeah and they serve it with wonder bread, this dish embraces everything I love about BBQ while maintaining a wonderful balance. With some of the rabbit meat de-boned and presented on the plate, the remainder you are going to have to de-bone and in some cases pick up with your fingers and eat off the bone, there is no shame in doing so here. The chopped salad is a great example of a traditional steakhouse salad with a few minor adjustments that make it a great way to start the meal. A perfect balance of dressing, veg, and in this case bacon. It really is a wonderful salad. The Rieger pork soup continues to be my favorite and most reliable menu item, it's pork, garlic, and cheese, what can go wrong. The desert menu always offers three great offerings and then another amazing choice from Tasha. My personal favorite this go around is the chocolate raspberry tart, a great way to get a little sweet and a little tart to finish a meal. The wine list is well balanced whether you are looking to go with a bottle or a glass. The bar program here is top notch with mixed cocktails that will satisfy any palate, though if you are looking to go to Manifesto after dinner you may want to stick with wine. Lastly I look at the service provided throughout the meal. I doubt you will find a better equipped staff in the city, everyone here knows what it means to be great at what they do and it makes all the difference in the world.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,10/24/2012,530,119,5,8,8>It's a Monday night when I get the call : "Fancy an impromptu hookah?"It's Mr. MB, and through an unforeseen change in plans, he's free, and he's got the craving for a smoke."I'll be there in an hour", I replied."I'm in the back, I'll see you in a bit."57 minutes later, I was out of the Springtime evening of 39th St and through the doors of Sahara, what's become a regular spot for the "Amateur Algonquin" that our certain circle of friends has adopted for its meetings.  At this time of night, the lights are dim, and the glowing coals of Hookah Pipes dot my path through the sumptuous seating-areas like torches in a foggy desert den. Low conversations, steam-and-water, and music of the land of the Sahara are the ambient soundtrack to another meeting with Mr. MB.He sits in the back, as he mentioned : "You get a better view from back here", he says, adding, "Care for a Vimto?".  An exotic beauty approaches our corner of the room, waiting for that answer, as well. I sit, adjusting the pillows on the couch into a comfy arrangement, and I reply, "Yes, and a #23, the Giza, please."The next two hours are as therapeutic as any sauna, as any massage, as any visit with a mental health professional.  Mr. MB and I drink our Vimtos, reflect on the past weekend, stir the coals on the pipes, and enjoy the ritual of it all.  The act of relaxation that all of this provides is just what a couple of tired old souls such as ourselves need right then, and the right company means about everything.The rest of the place is occupied by many others : some in traditional ethnic garb, some college students, some neighborhood denizens, all there for the same thing the simple relaxation and conversation that ensues when you're with great people imbibing in a simple pastime; one that seems to energize and calm at the same time.Mr. B announces he should leave, and I concur; it's late on a weeknight, and the time has gone fast, yet still timeless.  We say our farewells, and promise to come back soon, to enjoy the wonderful service, the comfortable and welcoming environment, and the relaxed atmosphere of experience, itself.  Bonding happens in such places, with such people, for such reasons.The only thing missing was my Fez...
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,10/23/2012,292,268,9,4,6>You could not pay me enough money to be in this museum by myself.  It's full of awesome creepiness.  I do not have one other toy & miniature museum to compare this to, therefore it gets five stars because I can't imagine anyone having as large and impressive collection as this place does.IT IS OVERWHELMING.  I would suspect that one of these detailed doll houses could be looked at and analyzed for hours at a time, but when I'm surrounded room by room of hundreds of pieces of detailed, intricate small things, my mind almost explodes.  We started on the *toy* side of things and wish we would have started on the *miniature* side first because the miniatures have such amazing details that my mind was already exhausted from the toy side.  This entire place is a case study of people with OCD.  It's a little crazy.The one thing that I didn't understand was the entrance into the museum.  You walk into the entry and have to pay your fee to a person behind a glass window with the vented speaking hole before entering the building.  Kind of an off putting high security feeling just to enter something with the words toy and miniature in the name!I don't know how many times I would visit this museum, but I am super excited to know we have this quirky little place in town.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2012,10/22/2012,47,283,5,3,5>Dear Past Alison,What were you thinking? You walked past D'bronx a billion times and didn't go in? I know, I know, you were too busy headed to Blue Koi or one of the many other fantastic 39th St. establishments, but you made a mistake. I will try to remedy this situation by a) eating at D'bronx more frequently from here on out and b) remembering to explore new places and keep an open mind.Thanks, xoxo,Present Day AlisonOk, for reals, for the price, this place brought it home. For $14 we had a tasty and fresh veggie sandwich, a huge piping slice of black olive and mushroom pizza, and a bottle of yummy artisan black cherry soda. As a native Chicagoan, my favorite pizza is, of course, that of my hometown, but if you are familiar with deep dish, you know it is the kind of thing that can only be eaten once a year. Unless, of course you want to grow to the size of an NFL linebacker. So, since that's not for me, and since, for whatever reason, Chicago pizza can only be good in Chicago, NY style is my second favorite. And, as D'bronx has proven, NY style can be good outside of NY. Horray! I didn't get to try dessert, but I definitely will next time, as the cakes looked good. The atmosphere is quaint, if a little loud, but I like watching the urban life on the sidewalk, and the lighting was pretty cool. The employees were nice, if a bit aloof.As for 'is this the best pizza in KC', I'm not sure. I think it's the best NY style in KC, but it's a tie with Waldo Pizza for what I would call 'best'. Also, Spin is up there...
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,10/21/2012,32,117,,3,2>Came for lunch on a Thursday around 1 and it was very quiet. I had such a great meal! We each had a Ramune soda (mango with 2 shots of sake for my friend, and peach with one shot for me) - so refreshing and clean-tasting! Plus I love the little glass ball that drops to open the bottle. FANSHY!My companion had the ika no kara age (deep fried calamari), which came with a delicious dipping sauce that apparently you can buy (in regular or gluten-free) at Hy-Vee, Price Chopper and a few others places, along with their other yummy sauces. The calamari pieces were unusually tender and thick, and the breading was light in color and thickness - delectable! A must-have!  She followed this up with the cha shu spare ribs, which were as good as the best baby back ribs I've had anywhere.I had the seafood okonomi yaki (savory pancake with fried egg and sauce, served modan style, aka with crispy egg noodles). This was SO flavorful, and as emotionally and physically satisfying as homestyle cooking.I paid $11 for my pancake, and yeah, that's not cheap, but for a Westport restaurant (and given how GOOD it was), I think that's worth the odd meal out. I will definitely be back to try more of the menu!Service was great, and the decor is welcoming and pleasant. The women's bathroom wall had 16 framed white-on-black silhouettes of sumo wrestlers in 3 or 4 different poses, each with different, colorful fabric loincloths. LOVE IT! I totally want to copy that somewhere in my house.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,10/20/2012,88,95,,5,3>Let me begin by saying that Aixois Brasserie is a bit of misnomer, as Brasserie is French for brewery, and this location is certainly not that. What it is however is a lovely space located in the Commerce Building, downtown, and is every bit the quaint French Bistro you have come to love and expect from the Aixois Family.It is not only reasonable, with it's convenient location in the Commerce building, but recommended that you swing by and pick up a Café Au Lait and a gorgeous piece of quiche de jour.You should know that this dish comes w/ a few steak frites and fresh greens with a soupçon of fresh fruit.It's the perfect amount of food for breakfast, lunch or dinner and worth every penny.As of now, this location is only open from 7 a.m. until 2 p.m., but it chant be long until Aixois receives their liquor license and will be able to expand into offering a happy hour/dinner menu to the eagerly awaiting downtown area.I couldn't be happier that one of my favorite restaurants in KC has decided to open a second location a mere two blocks from my office. That being said, it has yet to be determined how excited my budget will be with this auspicious event. I say, budget, smudget, I look forward to spending many a day whiling away the hours with a long lunch, a glass or two of vin and one of Aixois's many plat delictableUntil then, au revoir, à bientôt!
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,10/19/2012,83,212,1,5,2>I love catfish, and everything here was pretty great. My boyfriend and I ordered 1lb of catfish, half fried and half blackened. We got green beans and macaroni and cheese on the side, as well as a sweet potato muffin (which was special that day). Including drinks, ~$20 for the both of us. They just have bottled drinks - wish they had a fountain, but no big deal. Everything was pretty fast; order at the window, sit and wait for your meal.Both catfish styles were delicious. I loved the flavor of the blackened (I admit, my first time having blackened catfish), but it was a little spicy for me. The fried were just right, cut into small fillets, crunchy with a little seasoning. Their tartar sauce was a bit on the sweet side, but tasty. Our sides were about 4 oz or so each, which seemed small, but in addition to our pound of fish was not really an issue. The green beans had a little extra flavor I enjoyed, and the macaroni and cheese was super creamy and also had a little flair to it. The sweet potato muffin rounded everything out, with a sweet flavor and cornmeal. My only regret is having ordered so much and not having room for cake! They had huge slices of about 4 different flavors of cake, and they all looked amazing! We were stuffed - I think next time will get a half pound and save room for dessert!
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,10/18/2012,12,67,,4,3>It took an out of town relative coming to Kansas City to get me to finally visit this amazing museum.  I had no idea that it was of such high caliber (obviously missed the other yelp 5 star reviews).  If you go - plan to stay awhile.  We arrived around 11AM thinking we'd tour for an hour and then go on to lunch somewhere else.  We left at 4PM.  So much to see and take in.  But we definitely took our time and watched all of the great videos and read all of the informational boards.  We also ate at the Over There cafe which I didn't realize existed.  The view near the actual memorial itself was amazing - all of downtown with Union Station in the foreground.  Walking trails were all around as well as two additional buildings on either side of the monument - one dedicated to athletes of the war and the other an homage to an amazing 400' x 40' (yes feet - not inches) painting commemorating the war (edited down greatly due to disrepair).  Complete side note: I am also going to keep this in the back of my mind for a great alternative running path.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2012,10/17/2012,103,158,2,2,2>Wheat State Pizza...the name itself makes you want to try it if you are true to your roots and you live in Kansas.  I cruised in unaware of the buffet, so I was pleased to be able to check out several kinds of their twist on pizza.The wheat crust gives it a mild and sweet touch on your tastebuds.  It is its own entity for sure.  I have never tried anything like it in the world of pizza.  If you browse their menu and see something you want to try that is not on the buffet, they will make it fresh for you, and go out of their way to get it to you when it is fresh out of the oven and piping hot.The artichoke hearts on the salad bar are insanely huge.  I love artichoke hearts, so biting into something that looks like a budding tulip bulb was pretty awesome!The building is a bit run down, but it is also in a very old plaza.  If my memory serves me correctly this parcel used to be a Baskin Robbins back in the day.  On the other hand, who expects to eat in an elegant 5 star setting for straight up homegrown pizza?I took a break from the buffet to use the restroom facilities.  Conveniently located in your face above the urinal was a Front Flip QR code.  I succumbed to the pressure and scanned the code with my Front Flip app...and won a free order of cheese sticks.  Although I was expecting to get mozz sticks, I was instead presented with a box of bread stick smothered in melted cheesy goodness.  I took them home and shared them with the family.  Now the entire household is a fan of Wheat State's twist on pizza.Good stuff!!!!!
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2012,10/16/2012,75,200,2,5,3>Walked by this diamond in the rough after purchasing some good 'reads at Prospero's. Maybe it was because I wasn't expecting... anything, really, but I was SO pleasantly surprised by this burger joint. I splurged and got a chocolate/strawberry milkshake (worth it) and then ordered their Signature Stuffed Burger. So delicious! It was one of the juiciest and yummiest burgers I've had in a LONG time. They have a wide array of toppings but they also know how to keep it simple. Also, three words: fresh. cut. fries. French fries weren't greasy, they weren't dry and it was just a great meal. Love the "dive" feel without it being dirty. The writing on the wall (literally) kept you entertained and sparked conversations. My waiter was charming, patient and helpful. Can't wait to go back, keep up the great work!
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2012,10/15/2012,106,152,10,18,16>Since I am a single lady I decided to treat myself to some sexy lingerie on Valentine's Day, even if I only wear it to clean my house in.Walking in here I felt like such a sexy woman. They ladies working here made you feel as comfortable as possible. I tried on many different styles of bras and panties and the sales lady talked me into trying a pair of underwear way out of my comfort zone. The panties came up to my waist! The set was called the Betty Paige, looks waaay better on than it did off. The set came with three pieces, very vintage pieces. I immediately fell in love.Almost $200 later I walked out a very happy woman! I can see myself doing pin-up modeling in the lingerie. They also have bathing suits and tights. I am definitely a fan and will be going back once I save up some more pennies. Ladies do yourself a favor and treat yourself to a wonderful experience.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,10/14/2012,136,81,,6,5>You know that bar where you walk in and everyone knows your name and you just happen to run into all your favorite cool kids in KC?? Well this is that place. The interior is the perfect blend of modern yet intimate and the transformation of the space is amazing. It is open yet cozy and has a sultry sexiness to it. The cocktail menu is extensive and has some original and delicious options, they do a lot of infusing and it had a lot of creative cocktail options along with a huge wine list. We came during the soft open which is usually a hairy experience but our service was flawless, our waiter Alex was super knowledgeable and professional and guided us to make delicious menu choices. We had incredible scallops, the best 2 of my friends said they have had in KC and wonderful soups that were layered with flavor. We also tried the mac n' cheese that was ridiculously good, creamy and cheesy but definitely a high class version of  this staple comfort food. They also have a nice selection of items for vegetarians and people looking for healthy options. The best part hands down is the patio. This patio is going to be the hot spot in KC once it starts getting discovered. It has a great vibe to it tucked in the heart of crossroads action and fun and has great views of downtown. I am so excited about the J coming to the Crossroads. One more reason this is my favorite hood in town.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,10/13/2012,30,97,,5,3>Nestled in a little nook and cranny of the Westside is a lunch place called Orange Box. If you do not live or work in the area, you would probably have trouble finding it or even know it exists.  The menu changes daily,  and the day I went in they were serving a Pork Tenderloin and Gyro, i opted for the Tenderloin and it was absolutely amazing, the breading was very light and thin.  The sides are also great, I opted for tomato with artichoke salad.  The customer service is absolutely outstanding, the staff was so friendly and laid back, you can tell they are getting plenty of repeat customers the way staff/customers were interactingThe prices are really reasonable, only 7.50 for a huge sandwich with a side.  They also have a customer loyalty program where you buy 5 lunches you get your 6th free.  I plan to go back many times and can't wait to try some of the other items.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2012,10/12/2012,13,90,,4,2>I hadn't been to downtown Overland Park in a few years and was blown away by how many people were there on a weekday and how many new stores accompanied the already cute and thriving stores that had been there. This place was an awesome addition! We went for lunch a little early which was a good idea because it was packed by noon. We were able to sit on the patio which is right across the street from the clock tower so it provided a nice view. I split the sampler platter, which made the servings perfect. There was NOTHING I didn't enjoy on that platter. It was delicious! The hot sauce only made it even more tasty! This place has it all together and the fact that I spent $15 for two people for lunch was just the icing on the cake. Food - check!Service - check!Location - check!Do yourself a favor and check out the other stores here - it makes for a great afternoon!
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2012,10/10/2012,262,244,8,18,10>This is a weird little place.  I love that it is in an old dining car and has extra seating in the caboose, but it gets weirder.  If you're not claustrophobic there is a tiny room with room for four, I think you could conduct a pretty convincing seance' in that room.  The prices are all over the place.  Rootbeer and Dr. Pepper (in cans) are $2.50, a bottle of mexicoke (their wording not mine)  is $2.75 and they have a $30 pitcher of margaritas that we were told contains 18 shots.  Good. Night.They were out of chili poppers so we tried the Mini-Changas instead they were HOME MADE.  We opted for the pork.   What a highlight!  J got the Tia Isabella, it had an egg on it!  His was a chicken and onion enchilada, the verdict was he could taste the authenticity.  I had the a la carte pork taco, it seemed street food inspired and the fresh pico really brought out the pork.  I also ordered the spinach and mushroom quesadilla which was a little disappointing only because it was mostly cheese.  Everything else was so good though, I decided to write that one off.  Our total was a little over $30 but we got a lot of food plus leftovers.  Everyone was friendly and helpful and didn't mind my exploring.  My favorite part is listed on the menu.  Desert.....$3.50.  (No description)
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,10/9/2012,35,139,,6,1>Ever on the hunt for a new and unique dining experience, my husband and I headed to the Majestic on Sunday, April 1 to celebrate our anniversary. Luckily for us, the food was really good, the cocktails were amazingly good and the live jazz made me want to learn more about jazz- it was great!I must've driven past this location 1,000 times, but was never intrigued enough to stop. This winter I saw the restaurant featured on Check Please, the local KC dining show on PBS, and made a mental note that I wanted to try this place.We choose to be seated in the speakeasy. Down a narrow stairway into the basement we traipsed and, while the basement held nothing too aesthetically noteworthy to mention, the reward was listening to some fantastic local musicians holding court. Kansas City pianist Mark Lowery recently started a Sunday evening jam featuring professional musicians, on this night saxophonist Matt Otto played with the group. They sounded magical. I'm glad I caught the PBS broadcast because the show's guests discussed the restaurant's famous cocktails; typically I don't go for cocktails, often choosing wine or beer instead, but I felt compelled to give one a try. I went with The Flapper, a concoction of Wycliff Sparkling Brut with sugar and Angostuta Bitters (ok, I didn't exactly jump in with both feet). But the drink was dainty, sweet and delicious. For an appetizer our server recommended the crab cakes. Served with a stone ground mustard cream sauce, the cakes were very good. I would put them up against any I've had in the city. The sauce, however, was just OK for me. I don't love mustard, and I found that too much sauce overpowered the delicate crab flavor. I just scraped my sauce off, and the hint of sauce was perfect for me. My husband, however, really enjoyed the mustard. My dinner salad was a miss. I just went with the house and ordered the vinaigrette, but the tender baby lettuce was drowning in dressing. The wheat roll that came with the salad can be purchased at any local grocery store. The salad was definitely the worst part of the evening. When dinner arrived, the eight ounce bacon wrapped filet I ordered saved the day! My tender, beautiful medium rare piece of beef came from the kitchen perfectly cooked. The steak, along with my mashed potatoes, was covered in bordelaise just as I ordered. The sauce was delicious, like the best brown gravy your grandma ever made (if your grandma was a classically trained French saucier). The green beans on the side were an afterthought, but they were fine.We capped our meal by sharing the Garment District cheesecake with raspberry sauce. You know what they say: cheesecake is cheesecake is cheesecake (oh, wait, that's just me). The cheesecake was good, the sauce was delicious. Our server was professional and attentive, not chatty at all, but we never had to ask for refills and the meal flowed nicely.Will I go back? Definitely. I would recommend the place for an authentic night of KC jazz, especially for visitors to our fine city. My friends will love this restaurant and I can't wait to bring them.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,10/8/2012,82,53,,13,4>After two false starts in this space, a coffeeshop worthy of one of KC's best streets -- or the streets of any coffee haven in the United States -- has arrived.Before Quay, this space hosted uninspiring shops that insulted the neighborhood with an unchanged and boring space, a lackluster product, and abysmal hours. Quay couldn't have done more to wash that grimy feeling right off.Start with the interior. Dark and modern, with natural wood tables complementing a wood-clad service area. Gone are the cluttered news racks and bulletin boards. The walls are a dark gray. The standard-issue track lighting made way for softly glowing incandescent light bulbs. It is the same old space, but the simple changes make it so much more inviting and interesting. The front window still bathes the space with light, cutting into the dark and moody interior. I now have a fantasy of sitting here watching a heavy spring rain sift through the budding leaves of a vibrant Delaware Street through the large windows while sipping a cappucino. This place is cozy.Oh, and they sell coffee too. And they do it well. They didn't just buy an espresso machine on eBay, buy a book about coffee, and start unleashing terrible coffee on the neighborhood expecting success. This is coffee done right, and it is among the best I've had anywhere. On their best days, places like Parisi and Latte Land can make a drink as good as I've had at some of the best coffee shops I've visited in Seattle and San Francisco -- shops that just make coffee on another level -- but Quay doesn't just flirt with that quality like the others do.I don't quite know how to describe it, but Quay is on this level. All of the subtleties of the flavor are there. A lot of coffee shops will give you a decent product and offer you a mega-size, and you'll tear through it digging deep for the flavors. At Quay, the sizes are smaller, but the richness of experience means you're every bit as satisfied. Quality over quantity. There is a reason the best coffee shops offer smaller sizes than Starbucks.A Quay drink reminds me of a great stereo system playing a great recording, where each instrument leaps out and takes its aural space. I'm happy to press play by ordering a latte and letting it dance.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,10/7/2012,29,65,2,4,3>This is a grocery store? I mean, yeah they sell groceries, but wow!  The décor is very upscale and clean for a grocery store.  Very fitting for downtown, I suppose.  I love the deli.  There are things here that you don't find at your average grocery store, and there are also things that you do.  The quality is very good.  Fresh and delicious in all items they offer.  The produce section is always well-kept which can be a pet peeve of mine if it is not.  The liquor section is huge in proportion to the rest of the store.  I don't drink much so I don't know if the selection is any good, but it's something you definitely take notice of in the store.  I am pleased that the parking is not a huge hassle in comparison to most other places downtown.  Is there such a thing as a classy grocery store? Yeah, I guess so.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2012,10/6/2012,117,917,2,11,3>I'd give this place 4.5 stars, but I'll round up to 5 because I love supporting a little local place like this. It's open for breakfast and lunch only; closes at 2pm. First off, this place is very small - four tables, so I recommend carryout, as I assume it can probably get a little busy around lunchtime. That being said, I've only had breakfast here, and breakfast was fantastic.Immediately upon entering, you realize how fantastically nice the people are. They really seem like they WANT your business, and they APPRECIATE your business. That's increasingly lacking in the dining experience these days, and I really appreciate it whenever I see it. After perusing the menu, I decided on a bacon breakfast burrito and has browns. It took between 5-10 minutes to make, but that's because everything is fresh made. Even the eggs are cracked before getting thrown on the grill. The Pico is fresh made and fantastic. The hash browns are the good, crumbled kind seasoned just perfectly with, it would seem, just salt and pepper. The prices here are great - a single breakfast burrito is just over $3, and it can fill you up nicely. Burrito + hash browns would set you back about $5 in total, and fill you up even more.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2012,10/5/2012,87,206,2,6,3>I am not sure how a breakfast place managed to sneak in under my radar in Lee's Summit, but I'm sure glad I discovered it.  Going out to breakfast/brunch doesn't really fit  my workdays, but I sure do love it on Saturdays.  If it's near my house, more's the better.  Given my limited exposure to anything north of the river, Ginger Sue's was a new one on me, despite their having a Liberty location.  Like so many dining establishments in Lee's Summit (outside of the downtown), this lies in one of the many strip malls in one of the many business parks lining the town's thoroughfares.  But because it's nestled off Douglas, and not super visible from the main street (better signage coming soon, I'd imagine/hope), you wouldn't necessarily know it's there unless you read it on Yelp (Thanks, Carol A.!)  The place is quite sunny and spacious, with floor-to-ceiling windows on one side, and has really nice, blonde wood breakfast counter/coffee bar area, as well as tables and chairs and wall benches out in the main dining area.  No artwork up yet, and it needs it, with lofted, industrial ceilings,and partial walls breaking up the space.  The painting is nice and modern and clean,though.  The food...I ordered a cafe au lait to start with, and it was very nicely done and served in a nice wide mug.  BF wanted chocolate chip pancakes, which are portioned (like all their pancakes) to be bought as singles, double stack, or quadruple stack..  He was going to go for the four pancakes, but the server asked if we'd been there before, and when we said no, recommended the double stack, saying she'd bring more if he wanted more.  Which was a good choice, as they were roughly the size of the hubcaps on the car we drove there.  BF pronounced the pancakes great, with the chips stirred into the batter, not just tossed on top of plain pancakes, like they do 'em some places.  I hemmed and hawed over the omelet choices, and went with the farmer's omelet, which featured fresh carrot shreds, tomato, mushroom, green onion, broccoli, parsley and goat cheese.  So, so, so good.  Eggtc. in the South Plaza has been my gold standard for omelets, but this was just as good and less than a mile from my front door.  Omelets come with breakfast potatoes, and at Ginger Sue's, this means. skin-on, oven roasted, and tantalizingly flavored with I don't know what kind of seasoning, but they were delicious.  Finally, a fluffy, pillow-like homemade buttermilk biscuit on the side with a pat of sweet cream butter on it...perfect  I had this brunch at about 11 a.m., and wasn't hungry again until 7 that night (and that was even after playing two rounds of mini-golf in between brunch and dinner!)The service was super nice, the atmosphere nice and will get nicer once they get their decor more squared away, it's a little austere, now.  Reasonably priced, and very, very clean (you can see into a bit of the prep area). Definitely a place that begs repeat visits.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,10/4/2012,45,147,2,5,3>Thanks to Jocelyn, -I never thought to review this park.  I have a confession however, -I like to inline skate!  I know it went out in the 80's and it's not cool at all, but walking is kinda boring for me and running is too taxing for me.  Ergo, -Inline skating!  So the "Wheel Park" at Makken is where I learned to inline skate more than ten years ago, and it is still, IMO, far and away the best place in the K.C. area to skate outdoors.  The 1/2-mile skate/bike track is flat and very smooth, with some kind of epoxy coating, which is very nice.  Plus, dog-walkers and joggers are directed by signs to stick to the one-mile track across the street.  Sometimes you will get a dog-walker who doesn't go by the rules but mostly Wheel Park is deserted.  It would be great if there were a few inline and roller skaters checking it out, -I have worried that the Wheel Park will eventually be incorporated into simply another walking/ jogging trail as it's so under-utilized.  As for bicycling, I think the 1/2-mile Wheel Park track is simply too small, although I see parents with children on small bicycles (often with training wheels), so it's perfect for that.  When I'm skating, I see lots of walkers, joggers, and dog-walkers on the nice, black-topped 1-mile track across the street, which makes the whole place seem very safe.  If I had a complaint, it's that NKC spends almost too much time and effort keeping the park ship-shape.  They mow with huge riding mower machines -maybe- twice a week, whether the grass has grown or not.  But I can't deduct a star for that.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,10/3/2012,184,236,7,9,8>Just wow! From the great food, ambiance, and service, to the operating principle behind Cafe Gratitude, this place makes you mentally, emotionally, and physically happy.The food here is not only good, but makes you feel good and feel like you're doing good! We got the "I am Honoring" nachos to start as an appetizer. From the flaxseed crackers chock full of nutrients, to the sunflower seed pate, salsa, and guac, this was amazing. Just the right amount of spiciness, and it was a huge plate enough for two to share. Absolutely delicious in every way!We chose "I am Whole" for our entree, and it came in a huge bowl plenty for 2-3 to share after the appetizer. Fresh, fresh ingredients seasoned with care, this included crazy good quinoa, seaweed, kale, kimchee cabbage, carrots, and sprouts. We were sooo stuffed but we couldn't stop eating it cause the flavor was just amazing. Definitely satisfying and filling.Our "I am Luscious" smoothie, which included almond milk, figs, dates, cacao, and vanilla, was a chocolately good heaven. Feels good to indulge when it's great for your body! Rich, and delicious, this could be a great meal by itself it you're a chocolate lover!Would LOVE LOVE to come back here to try the rest of the menu. We got shot glass sized samples of their "I am Energized" green smoothie, and it was great! Can't wait to get it in the future. You can't go wrong with a place that puts an extra lil bounce in your step from head to toe. They have a daily "reflection" question of the day, which prompts you to really think about your life and how you impact others. Our question was "What/who inspires you?"It's great knowing that you're supporting a place that is local, organic, and shares love with those in need. I plan to try the "I am grateful" bowl in the future, which Cafe Gratitude describes as a bowl that "is served to anyone who asks, for whatever price they can pay.   Café Gratitude invites those in the community who cannot afford to pay the suggested price of the bowl ($7) to pay what they can and to practice receiving and being cared for.  The Café invites those in the community who can afford their own meal to express their gratitude by paying more than $7 when possible to contribute to the next person's meal."Such a great place. I feel sooo happy, satisfied, and whole after eating here. What a great feeling to have after eating!
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2012,10/2/2012,46,405,5,7,10>I've loved Union Station since the late 90's when I spent $500 on a brick with the names of my then-girlfriend and I on it.  That was big bucks for a 23-year old kid...  It was also a risk for the future but the situation worked out well since then-girlfriend is now-wife!I've told that story numerous time over the last 15 years when I take visitors to Union Station and show them the brick, in hindsight it was worth every penny.I go to Union Station for many reasons. The most common reason is a business dinner with colleagues who are visiting KC.  Union Station and Pierpont's always leaves a favorable impression on my guests!Just today, my family had breakfast at Harvey's then spent the rest of the morning at the WW I museum and Liberty Memorial.Union Station is a jewel in KC, don't miss it if you are visiting KC.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,10/1/2012,176,193,4,3,2>Pie.  Heavenly delicious pie.Let's start with three things you absolutely, positively must know about this place.  One: it's tucked inside of Pryde's Old Westport.  Two: they're only open on the weekends.  Three: they are not a mass-quantity bakery, so if you get there too late in the day, you may not get the pie you want.Is it worth all that time, trouble, and effort?  Yes.  Yes.  Yes.The pies are flaky, the fillings just right, and the service as warm and comforting as the pies themselves.  $4 gets you a slice, $8 gets you a "Cutie-Pie" (a tart pan that holds roughly two slices), and $20 gets you a full pie.  That's way more than Mrs. Smith's at Hy-Vee, sure.  But Mrs. Smith doesn't bake her pies from scratch on site, nor does she go to the trouble of imprinting floral designs on the crust.Recently, I had a slice of oatmeal pie.  Just think of awesome that is -- oatmeal cookies baked into a pie.Go.  Now.  Well, not now, if it's during the week.  But go.  You must.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2012,9/30/2012,17,55,2,7,2>This is my most favorite Korean restaurant so far. I think I have been in this restaurant more than ten times and I always ended up ordering the marinated beef (I think the second list on the Korean BBQ section on the menu). I have never eaten any Korean BBQ that is as good as this menu. The side dishes are very good and have a lot of variety. You may try cold Korean noodle soup and Bibimbup too. The service is really good.The price of the Korean BBQ is pretty high. Before going to this place, don't forget to go to their website and print the discount from there. The food is so delicious that more than half of the time I forgot to use this coupon even though I had printed it. :(
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2012,9/29/2012,16,336,2,3,2>On principle alone, I have insisted on only eating at the original OK Joe's KC location (47th street, gas station). However, when we rolled up to that location and saw the longest line yet (to the end of the building!), we decided it was time to take a risk...and try one of the satellite locations. Huge risk (dripping sarcasm)! This location is shiny and new, with a big parking lot and a larger dining area, yet both were pretty full. Yes, there was a line, but much like the homes and lawns in this area, people were spaced out and the line moved very quickly. Within 10-15 minutes we were sitting down with our piping hot food. Most staff were friendly and accommodating. My biggest concern was "will it taste the same." I would say it 90-99% tastes the same. I'm sure it was all in my head, but the fries were a little different (less seasoning) and the ribs weren't quite as amazing. I felt like the smoke ring was either deeper or more dispersed (if that's possible), and perhaps this made it taste less than 100% good. However, don't get me wrong, it's still amazing. I will continue to prefer the other location with its well seasoned smokers and employees, but when in a crunch, I would be happy to go to their new location. In case you don't know what to get, here are the highlights in my humble opinion:1. RIBS mmmm...2. French fries3. Pulled pork4. Smokie Joe5. Gumbo
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,9/28/2012,155,128,2,3,3>This a pretty amazing dog park.  Granted I haven't really been any other dog parks, and after bringing my pup a few times, I'm not sure I'd want to go anywhere else.It's a wonderful park to take young pups (and older dogs!) to burn of all the excess energy that puppies have.  Given the size, it definitely takes about 30 minutes to get down to the lake side - depending how many pit stops you and your friends make.  While many dogs are off leash you do also have a few (including mine!) that are kept on their leashes...at least until we reach the water.  It's a great place to socialize your dog and also for them to burn off excess energy.I was initially nervous about letting my pup off his leash at the dog beach, but letting him off to run was wonderful.  With all the dogs that are there playing he didn't run off and actually learned to swim! OMG! Definitely an awesome place to take you dog to play, swim, and make new friends!
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2012,9/27/2012,16,282,,5,3>A friend and I stopped in here after a long day of golf just looking for a quick dinner. I had expected a neighborhood bar, but found a very upscale bar and restaurant. The bar area was very comfortable - high top tables, televisions above the bar and very classy decor. Our server deserved 5 stars. He was extremely good at his job and very friendly! The owner came over and introduced himself and checked on our satisfaction. He seemed very happy with the way his place had turned out.The food was okay, but nothing to get too excited about. We had the smoked meat platter and out of the 3 meats we sampled, only the brisket was really worth ordering again. The pulled pork was pretty mushy and the smoked turkey was a little too salty for us. The sweet potato fries and the side dish of broccoli were good. Overall, I would give the food we ordered 3 stars.The bar itself looked fun and I would probably go back just to order drinks and check out some of the specialty cocktails.The prices reflected the upscale decor and so it probably wasn't the best choice for us after a long day of golf; however, I gave them 4 stars based on our service, the decor and the potential to be a fun bar. Hopefully, the food will rise to the occasion!
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2012,9/26/2012,117,166,3,7,3>Almost a year after graduating from KCAI's 4 year program, I might finally be ready write a fair and honest review of my experience there. Initially, I had started this draft while still in school and I was only going to give it two stars, but I think midterms or finals or critiques may have been swaying my views at the time. I was at KCAI from 2007-2011. One thing that makes KCAI so unique is their Foundations Program, which is basically what they call their Freshman year program because it is a very intense, extensive, crash course in all mediums to help you decide what you want to commit to in the following years and pursue your BFA in. I enjoyed every class I took during my freshman year.     After the foundations program, I decided to major in Painting. The painting building is the nicest building on campus, if you ask me. It's only a few years old and definitely has the best studio and gallery spaces. My sophomore year, I took David Harrison, who turned out to be one of my favorite teachers at KCAI. His teaching style is a little less conventional and he openly embraces experimentation and nontraditional painting means. I took an elective class with him my senior year and it was equally enthralling. Junior year, I studied under Warren Rosser. At the time, Warren and I butted heads a lot and I had the WORST year of my life, hard critiques, questioning my work, blah blah blah. But in hindsight, I did learn a lot from Warren. Him questioning me and pushing me all of the time really made me learn how to stand up for my work and stop second-guessing what I was doing. He was just teaching with tough love. Most other students adore the ground Warren walks on because he is so well-known in the art world and has definitely made a name for himself. My senior year, Eric Sall stood in for a semester while Julie Farstad was on maternity leave. It was Eric's first time teaching and I am definitely glad that I had the opportunity to work and study with him. There were a few bumps in his teaching techniques, but all in all, I had a good experience with him. Second semester, Julie Farstad came back and it was definitely the best semester of my KCAI years. Julie is simply amazing. She is an outstanding educator. She knows what she is talking about 99% of the time but isn't afraid to admit she doesn't the other 1%. She gives a hearty workload and has high expectations and offers wonderful advice when struggling through your own artistic battles. I don't think I can really put into words how wonderful of a teacher she is.     The only teachers I had unpleasant experiences with were adjunct teachers who are all no longer there. The long-term staff is definitely cash king. Some of my favorites were Dwight Frizzell (digital media), Hal Wert (art history), Stephen Cromwell (art history), Rush Rankin (liberal arts), Jordan Stemplemann (liberal arts), Karen Komp (art history)... there are plenty more, but there are my top tops!     The campus is clean and beautiful. I lived in the dorms for a year and it was definitely an interesting experience. The rooms are typical dorm rooms. You can have single sex or co-ed floors. Shared bathrooms. Cleaning and maintenance staff is friendly and efficient. The cafeteria was decent when I lived there, but I honestly never ate in there after my freshman year, so I can't vouch for it now. But all in all, I would say I had a good experience at the Kansas City Art Institute and I would recommend the painting program to anyone.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,9/25/2012,83,36,3,5,6>My favorite place to go in KC for a great meal at a great price. Thanks to the suggestion by Matt E., I decided to give this place a go, as I have been in search of an awesome place for pho. Ever since leaving Hawaii, I haven't been able to find a place that could live up to the many places you can find great pho back home... until now.Vietnam Cafe is a quaint little hole in the wall that provides delicious pho, great service, and great prices. I was told not to get this place confused with the other place of the same name, as they are totally different, and I will continue to trust in that observation. This is the ONLY place you ever need to go to when you want pho. Heck, if you haven't tried pho before, then you need to come to this place and give it a go. Portions are large, the broth is absolutely delicious, and the service is usually excellent. What more can you ask for?I think we go here so often that we're becoming regulars. We typically get this one server who always manages to forget something that I ordered, and just recently, she recognized us immediately and realizes that she forgets this one item that I ask for, almost every time. She has not made that mistake since realizing it. We laugh and joke about it, and then she promptly brings it to us. Not only did she admit to her mistake, but she has fixed it and never made the same mistake. That's great service.I've yet to try the other offerings here, as my primary goal in a Vietnamese restaurant is pho, but when I do, I'll update with other impressions. Till then, go and enjoy the pho. Go now.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,9/24/2012,186,104,1,4,5>I've been seriously remiss in not writing this review.  I used to go to Bangkok Pavillion for lunch pretty frequently when I worked in OP years ago.  Since then I confess, I'd let it fall by the wayside.  I recently rediscovered Bangkok Pavillion and couldn't be happier about it.  This review is for the weekend buffet since that is the only time I get out to OP anymore.All of the buffet items are very good, some of my favorites are the seafood salad, the lettuce wraps, the Fried Curry Rice with Seasoned Pork Rind is delicious and the Rice Noodle with Herbal Chicken Curry is fragant and amazing.  However the shining star in my opinion and the reason that I'll keep going back is the Curried Flounder.  The fish in this dish is always cooked perfectly, firm, moist, flaky, awesome and the curry sauce is the curry I've been looking for my whole life, spicy yet creamy, thick, just flat out fantastic.  Now I'm craving it and it's only Tuesday.Service and prices are nice.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,9/23/2012,56,253,3,8,4>Extra Virgin, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways......1. You have gotten my husband out of the 'burbs: He won't go to Westport and barely to the Plaza - "people get shot there" - but I mentioned heading down for HH on Friday before Memorial Day and he was all in. Practically warming up the car before the words were out of my mouth.2. You have an awesome HH: Let's face it. This place is not cheap. The half-price tapas (most of them) from 11:30-6 is a huge budget helper and will just allow us to come here twice as often. 3. Michael Smith, your food is just so different from other places: And we didn't even order off the adventurous menu this time. We had the Moroccan shrimp (marinated with a Moroccan type pica de gallo), grilled asparagus and hangar steak (with pickled mushrooms and an interesting sauce) first time around. Shrimp was my favorite...no the asparagus...no the steak. OK, it was all good. The flavors were all unique. There was a little twist to every dish. We ordered the chicken thighs (stuffed with fig and chorizo) during our second round. They were great also. My husband determined you should eat them in one bite to get all the flavor. I tried to lick the plate to get all the sauce. Used finger instead. Neither shows class.4. The tapas/small plates concept lets you try more flavors: See #3.5. Best, most friendly bartender ever: Alberto (we got his name this time) served us again. Such a nice guy. He actually remembered us. We are not that memorable. He answered all our questions, which are numerous. Especially me. I don't think he ever rolled his eyes. Not once. My teenagers need to behave like him. Maybe we could work something out.6. Awesome drinks: I had the mojito, again. Still wonderful. Next the serrano gimlet - Alberto's suggestion when I told him I don't like sweet too much. Wonderful. Then he made me a strawberry moonshine concoction that he is taking to a bartender challenge this summer. Superb - hope he wins. My husband had the aged manhattan with the fancy cherry and some other bourbon drink Alberto custom made for him. He loved both of his drinks.7. Great service: I know some people have complained about the service - but we have sat at the bar both times we have gone and have had awesome service. I think someone from the kitchen always brings out your food anyway. I just love the atmosphere at the bar for any restaurant when it's just 2 or 3 people eating. Plus, all those questions I ask have a captive audience. See #5. Will we be back? Of course. Love, love, love this place.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2012,9/22/2012,65,258,,5,5>Is it trendy? Yes. Is the food good? Very. Nice wine selection? Prima! Cute, attentive waiters? Oh, yeah. Hipster decor? Of course. The crab dip was superb. Found a new wine to hunt down at the liquor store. It might make me a yuppie, but damn, I liked Tannin a lot.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2012,9/21/2012,339,655,4,4,5>What is almost more fun than a party itself? Getting silly in a photo-booth and bringing home those treasured memories to revisit down the road! I've been to several events where this company has setup photo booths. They had cool props and unbenowst to us, shared the photos to the whole party. Well, my wife is downright wild at times, so we all had a good laugh looking at the photos. Their staff seems to be having a blast, too. Smiles all around.Anyhow, kudos to anyone that has a photobooth at their party. It's always bound to be lots of fun (such as learning what "motorboating is all about." Yes, Lauren O, you caught us!
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2012,9/20/2012,80,254,1,4,7>How I long for a neighborhood bar, reminiscent of Cheers, where I can walk in and everyone will chime my name in unison.  Well, there is no such place in my hood, and the closet watering hole is Fox Bar, which is in fact a gay bar, but hey, I will take it! I really like Fox Bar, it is clean and comfortable, and has pool tables and a dance floor, though I must admit, I have never been there late enough to dance. The bartenders are great and other patrons are friendly, and they are self-proclaimed "straight friendly".  I have chatted with the owner (a native of Brasil) several times; he is super nice and makes one heck of an iced coffee. Yes, that's right, fresh brewed espresso, and several different types of alcohol combine to make an intoxicating iced coffee, a perfect afternoon pick-me-up during these hot days! Fox Bar also has daily specials. Let me know when you go, I will meet you there!
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,9/19/2012,182,452,2,6,6>Hands down the best selection of current and modern frames in town and possibly the region (... including Kansas City at least). Mike and his staff are top-notch. They hold frequent trunk shows and reps from manufacturers make regular appearances to meet with clientele to show off their latest products. Definitely the place to go to if you're looking for something new and hip (that's not me, but I still shop there for myself + family). Pricey, yes, but uncompromising quality, service and selections not normally found in the midwest has Wink standing head and shoulders above the rest.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,9/18/2012,222,511,3,6,4>Holy Market Basket! I've driven by this place about a zillion times and always meant to go there "next time." Well next time finally rolled around. I needed fresh tortillas and wasn't about to travel to the ends of the earth (Johnson County/KCN) to pick some up. I had to go to the dry cleaner across the street and vaguely remembered there was a market there so in I went.Abbarrotes Mi Familia is a small family-run supermarket for all things Mexican. If you're cooking a Mexican dish, this place has it. Not only that, but this place is stupid cheap! A constant complaint I have is that produce is so expensive in KC. I'm used to the east coast's lower cost of living (minus the abode) and have sucked up paying high prices for produce here. I kick myself for not finding this place earlier. Avocados for 50 cents a piece. Onions for under 50 cents/lb. Garlic for 25 cents/head. Yeah, it just goes on and on. Not to mention they have produce from Mexico that's just not easy to find.They also have a good variety of meats, with ready-to-cook fajita mix of veggies and meats for $3.50/lb. Stupid cheap. They have tons of thinly sliced meats perfect for any Latin American, Mexican or even Korean and Vietnamese (think at-home pho) meal.And then general goods aplenty. Various moles, spices, cheeses, snacks and canned goods; some that you're unlikely to find elsewhere.If you're looking for all things Mexican at ridiculously good prices, you only have to hit up Abarrotes Mi Familia.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,9/17/2012,53,126,,8,5>For my 100th review I was waiting for something special and after spending 1/2 a day hanging out on a pontoon boat on Lake Jacomo - I knew I had to share this gem.  It's been over 100 degrees here for weeks now and the idea of sitting outside for 4 hours sounded awful.  Everyone else must have thought so too because we almost had the entire lake to ourselves.  It's not very big and there is a speed restriction - so pontoons and sailboats mostly with a few fishermen.  The lake itself was very clean and cool- I think it has some cold water springs that feed it, so it was super refreshing.  We only used one gallon of gas in 4 hrs because we mostly found a nice spot on the side, dropped anchor and swam off the boat.  When we got bored we got back on board and drove for 5 or so minutes and did it all over again.  We packed a lunch and brought a cooler of beer - super fun was had by all.  Between a nice soft breeze, the canopy of the boat, jumping in the cool water and having wet suits- it never felt hot.The pontoon is nothing special but would probably hold 9 or 10 adults, but 6 or 7 would feel pretty roomy.  It's gas + $45 for an hour (not really worth it by the time you load up and get out on the lake), $150 for 4 hrs (10-2, and I think 2-6) or $225 for the entire day.  4 hours was plenty, I could have used one more, but we were late getting there.Kids are required to have life jackets and you can bring your own (they must be approved) or they will provide them for you (those orange ones that go around your neck)  There is a bunch of storage under all the seats on the boat, including more life preservers.  I kept my purse and some extra food under them which kept them dry and out of the way.If it's hot, I'd recommend the am time.  Also bring lots of tubes/floats because you will want to spend most of your time in the water.  There is a ladder on the back of the pontoon so it's super easy to get in and out.  Despite the lake being small we never even made it to the north half.If you have a boat - there is a launch you can use which would be nice too.  They also have a private marina where people keep boats and sailboats.  There is also a sailboat cove, but we didn't venture over.You can only swim off boats.  Swimming or fishing from the shoreline is not permitted.  So it's pretty quiet and private.I can see doing this 1-2 x a year over the summer.  My 4 and 6 yo loved it!
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,9/16/2012,43,112,5,8,5>I hadn't been to the drive in since the late 1970's, until last Friday.  My family and some friends went to the Fan Appreciation night at the Boulevard.  They had a free showing of Raiders of the Lost Ark AND Back to the Future showing off their new projector that claims to be 4 times sharper than Blu Ray.  I was very skeptical, but they have made a believer out of me!  First off just walking around the place is like time travel back to the TV show, Happy Days.   Hundreds of posts with speakers on them to put on your window (if you choose you can also tune to 89.7 for sound).  Surprisingly those speakers sound real good.  There is a playground at the foot of the 100' X 50' screen for the kids.  You can walk over to the concession stand for some movie treats or they have guys driving around in golf carts selling beer and whatnot.  I backed my Honda Pilot into the 5th row and opened up the tailgate.  We put blankets and pillows in the back so the kids can lay down and enjoy an experience they didn't know existed.  The adults sat on chairs out in front, enjoying some time away from iPads/iPhones/iPods (they do have WiFi if you can't go a few hours being connected), sipping on a cup of wine, and remembering a more relaxed time.  There are only 2 minor knocks on the Boulevard and unfortunately neither are the fault of the wonderful owners....1. it is about 100 ft. from train tracks so every once in awhile a roaring train goes by and 2. there was a funky sewer smell that would hit you every now and then.  All in all it was a great night with friends and family.  The owners also had an exact replica of the DeLorean from Back to the Future playing Huey Lewis' Back in Time.  Cheap, fun, relaxing family entertainment that makes me regret it took 30+ years to experience again.  Well done Boulevard Drive in!!!!
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2012,9/15/2012,20,44,2,5,2>A buddy of mine is often waxing poetic on Swagger as his favorite dive to eat, if not booze. The rumor is somebody with some culinary pedigree runs the kitchen here and I can tell you that's a safe bet. The beer list is impressive, a trend in good bars I'm starting to appreciate. The rumors of my generation and gen Y pushing beer snobbery to the heights of wine's fabled past (usurper suds!) are starting to hold some weight when a "feels like a dive" like this, with wall (ceiling actually) decorations of Miller High Life, carries such an extensive tap list.There will be beer. Many high end beers. But the food is what got me to try the place. Basically everything is a sandwich, save the appetizers.  Speaking of appetizers: the loaded baked potato fries alone are gonna make me a repeat "I gave up fried foods years ago what the hell am I doing?" customer. Tons of toppings on what looked and tasted like perfectly fried hand cut spuds.  Focusing on sandwiches works well for Swagger. I had the Fidel Castro, with seasoned ham and pork goodness, on an oily sliced hoagie roll of awesome. She had the ahi tuna sammich and damn. Usually tuna in steak form is kinda, you know, tuna-y in that bland way, not in that sushi grade way. But this big hunk of thunnus was seasoned by a champ and cooked perfectly. Quite nice. My buddy who suggested the place and the lady I was with both suggested I try the relish. Or was it a cole slaw? I think it's a wasabi type substance, which I'll have to check out next time. I was told the service would be slow and surly but that wasn't our experience. She was attentive and friendly. We sat in the restaurant type area so didn't have much exposure to the bar or bartenders. We went on a pretty busy Saturday night. As there were zero negatives about our experience, good service, good beer choices, and great food, I can grant my super rare 5 star to Swagger.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2012,9/14/2012,44,530,2,6,2>After a relaxing afternoon enjoying the Kansas City Ballet at the Kaufmann Center for the Performing Arts, my dining companion and I decided to risk it all and journey into the "unknown" southeast side of the metro area.  We generally never stray farther east than the outskirts or Independence or Raytown because we have what we need over here.  But...ya can't be a real Yelper (in my book) if you don't explore everywhere and we very much enjoy dining out, no matter where.  Well, I had a Groupon for Rumors and my dining companion worships and adores Beef.  Probably why there is a cholesterol issue there but...I digress...Rumors is easily accessible off I-70 and a short hop south.  It's a nice building and the interior is warm and softly lit and cozy.  There was just a skosh of a delay in getting seated because this was Oscars Night and the large bar was busy.  It looks like a lot of locals frequent the bar and the Happy Hour is popular.  I don't have a problem with that at all.  The delay was not unreasonable or uncomfortable.  We were greeted and seated and our drink orders were taken.  Our server was a very personable and professional young man.  He was attentive and prompt.  We ordered stuffed mushrooms for starters.  There were eight large Oven-Baked Stuffed MushroomsWith Herb Boursin, Bacon, Cream Cheese, Chives and Parmesan.  Meaty shrooms and delicious.  My dining companion had a 12-oz., Kansas City strip with mashed potatoes and I had a pan-seared pork chop with loaded baked potato.  Now, there was a delay in receiving our meals.  We first ate the 'shrooms and were quietly discussing the ballet and then the salads showed up.  Very nice salads with red onion, sliced cucumber, grape tomatoes and dressing.  Nice.  And then we sat and sat and then our server appeared and profusely apologized for the delay.  He said that my dining companion's steak had been given to another customer in error and she had sent it back because it was too rare.  Needless to say, the kitchen had to start all over with the order.  The server graciously offered us a complementary cocktail or dessert.  A few moments later the dishes appeared and my dining companion was pleased with the steak and mashed potatoes.  My chop was humongous, thick, juicy, tender and deliciouis.  The sliced apples on top were a bit vinegary and I did not appreciate their effect but it was easy to remove and forget about them.  The loaded baked potato was delightful with sour cream, butter and grated cheddar.  I ended up taking half the meal home for the next day's lunch.  Later, we took a piece of peanut butter cheesecake home and it was very delicious.  Not overly sweet, bits of peanuts on top, nice peanut butter taste, creamy.  Very good.  Overall, we were pleased with the service and the quality and quantities of the food.  I did not see the lack of attention to the customers as seen in some of the other reviews although it did appear to me that the bar was getting a lot of attention probably due to its size and the fact the Oscars were on.  It didn't interfere with our service or enjoyment.  We'll definitely be back.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2012,9/13/2012,100,160,2,6,2>If you have not ever tried a pupusa, El Pulgarcito should move to the top of your list. Notes: they have recently remodeled. The bar-type thing is gone and there are more tables. They painted, I think. They also now keep the curtido refrigerated until your food comes. Even though it is in vinegar/pickled, there is something that makes me feel better about it not sitting at every table all day. :) Get the Revuelta with Chicharron, Loroco...who am I kidding? They are all delish.The bf always gets their street tacos too. I haven't been able to tear myself away from the pupusa, but the tacos come highly recommended.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2012,9/12/2012,27,81,2,4,5>I came here quite by accident. I had my heart set on the Indian buffet at this intersection, but it was closed tight with a health inspection notice on the front door. GULP.So, we skipped across Metcalf. At first, I thought this was yet ANOTHER location of Margarita's. Nope, it's its own thing, as far as I can tell. You know what else it is? DE-EFFING-LICIOUS. I am a tacos al pastor lover -hmmmmmmm, marinated pork on corn tortillas with cilantro and lime. The trio at Margarita Paradise was different than any I've had before. There was marinated pineapple mixed in with the pork, and instead of the usual pico de gallo, these came with brown tomatillo salsa. The spicy pork, sweet pinapple and biting tomatillos came together to form some bomb-diggity tacos. I also had the nopales salad - nopales (fresh cactus) with tomatoes, onions, jalapenos and queso fresco. I had expected it to be cold due to the "salad" moniker, but it came out warm and fresh and spicy. Needless to say, I was won over. (My one complaint being the chips - these were quite thick and I'm very partial to the thin, crispy ones). The restaurant was eerily empty - but it was the day after Cinco de Mayo, so maybe people were Margarita-ed out? I hope that's the case, because this place deserves some business. The next time there's a thirty minute wait at Mi Ranchito, drive a few blocks down Metcalf and check this place out. There's room for more than one good Mexican place in OP!
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,9/11/2012,56,203,2,4,3>Westport Street Fare has really raised the bar when it comes to late night food.I still love the mahi mahi, but tried the spicy pork.  The pork held good flavor, but was a little dry. The gentleman in the truck suggested the sangria to me and I'm thankful he did. It was the perfect compliment.  I also retried the Korean short ribs, but this time in a burrito. I've only got one word:  magnificent.This is a place I definitely recommend if you're in Westport and up for a little late night snack.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,9/10/2012,21,97,,4,5>Holy cow! I'd never had fried catfish before; I'm glad I started here.  Crispy, not even REMOTELY greasy, hot and delicious.  Takeout comes with plenty of tartar sauce (tastes homemade) and hot sauce.  We also had the fried okra - you have to taste it to believe it - surprisingly meaty-tasting red beans and rice and potato salad.  Seriously; every last thing was delicious, and we both ate EPIC dinners for $15 with enough left over that one of us will have lunch tomorrow.  God I love Kansas City.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,9/9/2012,23,44,1,6,9>I'm stretching my review by making it five stars! I'm trying to get your attention, people!This is on a stretch of Independence Avenue that most of the metro areas residents would have to be badly stoned or seriously directionally impaired to find themselves traveling through.  It's just not on the way to much, other than the Northeast neighborhood itself.I understand that some people are uncomfortable traveling through areas that are gritty and decidedly urban.  To those people I say, please do not come here.  This is a hole in the wall place, next to a laundramat, and you are going to see people who are different from you.Now, the rest of you, who are travelers, explorers, adventurous food seekers, this is the place.   Come and bring your like-minded friends.  You are in for a treat.The menu is a combination of east Aftrican (Eritrian/Ethiopian) and Haitian.  Some of the dishes on the menu are familiar.  Most of the offerings are  totally new experiences for me and it is provided in a white linen, colorful, spotlessly clean and understated setting.  The owners/employees are elegant.My first time here, we simply asked what the most popular items are in this nine month old establishment.  We ordered her first two suggestions of appetizer, and three entrees.  I was with two young guys who have traveled a lot, appreciate fine dining and possessing fierce appetites.  We had a feast and took home boxes of food.I have just come from my third visit, a lunch.  They provide a buffet, which they say changes daily and provided a dozen options.  My meal, with hot tea, came to under $10.00.  I can think of no greater dining bargain in the city.Everything I have tried, I have loved.  Flat out loved.  This place should have a wait for seating every moment they are open.  Liquor license in process.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2012,9/8/2012,45,81,2,2,3>Kato is my go-to place when heading to or from the airport. I almost always get Chirashi: $19 for an ample assortment (about 25 pieces!) of chef's choice fish & seafood sashimi, artfully placed atop of a bowl of seasoned sushi rice. Usual toppings are tuna, salmon, yellowtail, mackerel (several slices of each fish), scallop, squid, clam, shrimp, Japanese omelet, roe. They have the best chirashi I've had in the KC area & the fish quality has never let me down.  I recommend you try this dish next time you're there.Service is always very friendly.  If I lived closer I'd definitely be a frequent diner.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2012,9/7/2012,54,211,3,4,6>Here's another place I can lose most of a day in. If they don't have the kitchen gadget you're looking for, you probably don't need it. And the shopping experience is far and away better than Bed Bath and Beyond-beautiful old brick building, creaky wood floors, knowledgeable staff who offer you coffee, tea or water when you walk in, and what has to be one of the largest selection of quality kitchen and dining ware in the city.The shear volume of stuff may seem overwhelming at first, but you'll find that the store is actually very well organized. And if you can't find what you're looking for, there will be a staff member close by to help you, and then she'll move on and not hover over you. Ok, you'll probably pay a little more here than you would at WallyWorld or BB&B, but will those places gift wrap your treasure in a green plaid box with a fabric ribbon bow-for free? I think not!Don't forget to explore the garden section outside, which usually includes some closeout stuff. And aromas from The Upper Crust pie shop will pull you downstairs on Fridays and Saturdays, whether you want to go or not...but that's another review!
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2012,9/6/2012,44,150,,6,4>Found it.  We have been trying to find a place for breakfast we both like that we would like to make a "regular" weekend stop.  This is it except you have to get there early - not a problem for us.  7:45am on a Saturday & we arrived just before the crowd.  If at all possible - dont sit by the door cause you'll be crowded in by the people coming in to wait for tables!  The waitress told us about the special - it's cake month and because of that they were making pancakes in honor of their favorite cakes.  This week was carrot.  My husband and I both ordered a side of carrot cake pancakes with our meal.  I ordered ginger's classic and chose their special bacon - oh my - amaaaaazing bacon.  The seasoned breakfast potatoes are the best I have ever had.  I tried to figure out what was on them the entire time sitting there - they definetly were cooked in the fat from the bacon!  The carrot cake pancake was so scrumptious - a topping that was like cream cheese and the .  My only fuss at the experience was that my egg was overcooked.  I was really willing to over look that with the quality of the rest of the meal.  My husband had the SW burrito and enjoyed it but was also ranting about the potatoes.  Best breakfast in a very long time.  Will return often!
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,9/5/2012,216,313,4,5,5>I'll be honest, when you're a petite, young female like myself, location of a business is always a concern. Luckily I'd already scoped out LC's on Yelp and Google Maps prior to arriving, so I wasn't surprised to drive past run-down warehouses and see bars on the front door. But boy oh boy when the guy behind the counter opened the door to the smoker to pull out the half slab of long end ribs we ordered, all my concerns melted away...The long end ribs had a beautiful smoke ring and heavy bark - maybe even a little too heavy for my taste, but, if you like smoke this is your place. They were fall-off-the-bone but didn't have a whole lot of seasoning besides smoke and sauce. The burnt ends were tender and not too fatty, making for a really pleasant mouthfeel (and far better than Arthur Bryant's in my opinion). My major complaint is that everything ends up tasting too much like the sauce, which is tomato-y and kind of resembles ketchup.Still, smokey and tender fall-off-the-bone ribs are always sure to sweep me off my feet. LC's may not impress in terms of location (hey, it's not like BBQ is a particularly proper type of food anyway...) but I promise they will bathe you in some crazy good BBQ smoke.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2012,9/4/2012,102,158,1,11,8>Officially tried Remedy the day of their "grand opening".  Have full intention of going back time & again to try lunch, dinner, and even late night drinks.  The experience we had was exceptional, which is rare for a business within their first day of operating under a new business model.My main areas of interest and enthusiasm rest in the categories of FREE RANGE MEAT, fresh ingredients, and CRAFT COCKTAILS.  I have yet to be able to satisfy those mandatory requirements in my lifestyle within the Waldo area. Remedy just may have opened a door of opportunity for me with their appetizing drink AND food menus.I will do a follow up once I have had an opportunity to try the establishment again.  Our service from Stewart was excellent, and our food orders were satisfactory.  I even asked my normal number of in depth questions, which did not even raise an eyebrow. We will be back. I do hope that our initial experience is a good representation of what is to come for Remedy in the future.  If so, they will do well with the clientele who expects a little more from their experience than just someone pouring cheap drinks and a patio.  Remedy offers a step above what Kennedy's had to offer.  But the patio is still there.......for those who love that aspect (myself being one of those).  I just had no interest in the less than inferior drink options that seem to be so common in the Waldo area. If Remedy lives up to what they seem to be presenting themselves to be at this time, it most definitely will allow me to entertain in my own neighborhood when friends from out of town visit, AND stop by for a really GOOD drink (or meal) that I can feel good about within walking distance of my house vs hopping the bus for the Crossroads, or City Market every time I want to meet my food/drink criteria.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2012,9/3/2012,6,65,3,4,2>I took my newly adopted shih-tzu in for soon much needed grooming. He explained everythin he was going to do and was very thorough. When I arrived an hour and a half later to retrieve my little man, I was informed that he was very uncooperative during his groom. The owner explained to me what he believed was the problem and yes, my poor pup is quite defensive when it comes to anything involving clippers, scissors, anything!! Despite my pup's bad impression, the owner was very friendly and I hope he will let us return. LOL!! Great business, 5 stars!! He also sells my dog's brand of food!!
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,9/1/2012,153,77,,5,3>A+This is, hands down, the most tasteful, stylish and friendly womens clothing boutique in all of Kansas City. Everything from the clothes and jewerly on the shelves to the friendly staff that assist you in finding what you came in for, you can't have a better shopping experience anywhere in town.Just this last weekend, the lady-friend and I needed a quick birthday gift for a friend. It didn't even occur to us to go anywhere else. When we couldn't decide between two necklaces we asked the gentleman standing nearby. It turned out to be the owner, Kris, who helped us to make a good decision. He was extremely generous with his time and genuinely nice and appreciative of his customers. The styles are up date and the selections very tasteful. Located in the Crestwood shopping center at 55th and Brookside, right next to Cafe Europa. If you need a gift or want to round out your wardrobe, you can't go wrong with Frankly Basic.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,8/31/2012,12,42,4,5,3>Now let me tell you about my experience with this place.  We visit Lawrence on a regular basis to see friends who live there and I can't stress this enough that these are people we have known for a while who know Larrytown very well.  I'm sure they mentioned this place a few times but it always sounded like some regular burger joint and never crossed my mind when it came time to contemplate noms.  So about a month ago, I was chatting and this friend mentions truffle fries which perked me up like a prairie dog spotting the second coming.  After a short conversation about the origin of these fries, he mentions that they also have duck fat fries and I preceded to check the online menu.  I was gob smacked to say the least.  The very next time we were there, I insisted on trying them and my search for a great burger place came to an end.  I insisted on ordering their duck fat fries because it's DUCK FAT FRIES, plus an order of their onion rings because I always have to try those at any new place.  When it came time to order a burger, I was set on the smoke burger.  When I read the words smoked gouda cheese and chipotle-cocoa ketchup, I wasn't leaving without it.The fries were magnificent and the burger was just simply wonderful.  It tickled me that the burger with it's combination of smoked gouda and chipotle-cocoa ketchup and bacon reminded me so much of a sloppy joe flavor wise, and the burger was cooked perfectly med rare and was so juicy and tender.  I can't wait to try everything on their menu.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2012,8/30/2012,15,33,3,13,4>To start, I saw Jennifer and she was absolutely amazing. I have enough hair for about five people and it is wavy and prone to frizz, not even exaggerating, and she was able to give me the cut that I wanted in a way that controlled the mess that I call my hair. I love my haircut, and it even looks good when I don't do anything with it. I don't get my hair cut often because I have pretty much given up on it ever looking reasonable; this is, hand down, the best my hair has ever looked.  The entire experience with the stylist was a win. I also took my mother-in-law who had her hair done by Sarah. She also can't say enough about how much she loves her hair cut. Sarah took the time to show her how to style her hair and it looks fantastic. If you're looking for a stylist that can tame the most unruly hair, either of these ladies will fit the bill.This would have easily been a 5-star experience if it were not for a few small issues that really don't have anything to do with the stylists; first, they do not allow you to put tips on credit/debit cards. They only accept cash and checks for tips. Who carries cash or checks on them in 2012? For the love of all things holy, if you haven't gone before, TAKE CASH WITH YOU. Second, the prices on their website apparently need to be updated, because they currently list the whole cut and style shebang as pricing up to $65. My hair cut ended up costing more than that. Not a big deal, especially since I had a $15 off certificate for being a first time customer, but I like to know what to expect when I go somewhere. And lastly, they need better air filtration, when I first walked in the smell from someone having their nails painted was strong enough to give me an instant headache. Fortunately there was only one person getting their nails done while I was there so the scent dissipated after about 10 minutes and the rest of the visit was fine.So that is that, 5 star stylists in a 3 star environment, we'll split the difference and call it 4 stars.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2012,8/28/2012,182,367,1,4,4>Didn't know what to expect for a place offering modern German cuisine, but I was definitely impressed by Affare.  I'd encountered the owner at Taste of Kansas City and thought the pan-seared trout they'd offered was tasty, so I decided to give them a try.  When I arrived at their Crossroads location, the staff was very friendly and I liked the open atmosphere.  Our waiter was great with recommendations, bringing us wine samples and offering meal suggestions.  The small plates were quite generous.  The roasted chicken was a hit with my bf and I really liked the grass-fed steak.  Next time, I'm definitely trying the elk with bing cherry sauce.  They have  a reasonable and extensive wine menu.  To finish off our meal, we sampled the affelstrudel (great and not super sweet - took me right back to Germany) along with a port wine that was highly recommended.  Some menu items were in German, but our server was great about answering any questions we had.I really liked the menu selection of small plates (all ~$10) and the atmosphere and will definitely be back.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,8/27/2012,366,998,,4,5>This place opened about 3.5 weeks ago according to our waiter.  It was me and 9 other Yelpers on a very slow Monday evening.  It was pretty much only us at this place with a few others.  You would think the owner and whoever working would try to speed things up since there were so many of us Yelpers but nope.  Either they don't know what Yelp was or it was just one cook in the back trying to cook everything at once to come out at the same time.I ordered the Smoked Chicken and Apple with Homestyle Sauerkraut and Caramelized Onions($6.98) while my friends ordered a Pork Thai Chile Kaffir Lime ($6.98) and  Pork Tequila Serrano Pepper ($6.98).  We also ordered fries to share among the three of us.  The menu had a limited number of choices for toppings you can put on your food.  We waited a pretty long time and it was pretty much only our group so again, I think there was probably just one cook in the back preparing everything.  When our food finally came out, all of our orders looked pretty good.  However, I was disappointed with mine, because the toppings seemed to overpower the taste of the Smoked Chicken and Apple.  In fact, I didn't really taste the actual smoked chicken and gree I tried both of my friends' orders and those were A LOT more flavorful than mine.  If I had to choose between the three, then I'd have to go with the Pork Thai Chile Kaffir Lime.  The fries were good especially with the cucumber dip and the sriracha dip.  I know those aren't the names but I can't remember what those are called.The other items on the menu sounded good and also their desserts sounded good as well.  I guess more reason to come back if a long wait doesn't matter.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,8/26/2012,117,117,2,4,5>There are two type of upscale steak eaters in KC when talking us natives.  You have the Hereford House, though good is a bit too trendy, hip, biz class.  For us good old natives looking for a real old time man's steak house, it's The Golden Ox hands down.Now when you enter, it is going to be a lot of wood and leather, a lot of the ox head logo, and waitresses that call you sugar, sweetie, or hun.  This to me is what the charm of the Golden Ox is all about.  All their cuts are good and we rarely have an error in the doneness arena.  We did once, but the grill man was new.  It happens.  The Golden Ox is a great steakhouse to take the family even though it may look intimidating to the kids.  The waitresses at The Ox LOVE kids and spoil them rotten.  Kid food quirks are no problem for them either.Now my favorite starter is the Beefsteak Tomato Salad.  It's a sliced beefsteak tomato, ringed red onion, topped with crumbled blue cheese and vinegar and oil.  Oh yeah!  My preferred steak is the KC Strip, but I have been known to go for a Porterhouse or T-Bone.  At any rate, all steaks are aged to perfection, juicy, flavorful, and just damn good!I have yet to go for brunch, but have heard very good things.  We usually go when there is a special function and every time they have known this, they pulled out all the stops to make the meal memorable.A little known fact is that you can actually order their steaks packed and shipped to your home.  Great idea, but I would miss being called hun by the awesome ladies in the black and white. :-)
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,8/25/2012,109,426,,3,3>Came here for an early dinner before a movie on Saturday.  Good thing the four of us got there when we did, because by the time we left there was not a seat left in the house.  Now, I totally know why.  The pizza is great!  There is something for everyone...except there is no pepperoni- they have salami, prosciutto, chorizo and maybe even something else.  And, there are also a ton of vegetarian options that look equally delicious.  The crust this thicker on the edges and thin in the middle.  The portions are big enough for two to share...or take home and eat in front of the TV later.  (I may or may not have done that...)  Oh, and they have a decent and inexpensive wine list!  I can't wait to go back!
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2012,8/24/2012,202,441,1,6,6>What a dream come true!Tucked into the quaint Summit neighborhood, the Fresher than Fresh truck has been transformed into the most darling snow cone and coffee shop. The pineapple and Serrano pepper was my snow cone of choice. The Serrano pepper burned my tongue, but then Pineapple came to the rescue and soothed with its sweet and delicate flavor. My snow cone had the personality of a Sour Patch Kid; I loved it.  I also enjoyed a properly prepared pour-over. Little Freshie is a true Gold star in Kansas City.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,8/23/2012,109,117,3,3,3>On occasion my job requires me to order in for a group a people usually ranging from 3-25.  I used the filling station a couple of times for our small meetings and am impressed.  I usually call in advance the day before and place the order.  They are very accommodating and my order is ready when I go pick it up.  One of the perks of ordering for these meetings is that I also get to order something for myself, small perk but it's nice.  I have yet to have something there that I am not fond of.  I'm not a huge salmon fan but their salmon sandwich is delicious!!  I'm also not a huge fan of scones but I LOVE their scones!! The food and the coffee have me hooked.On top of that, it's a cool place.  The garage doors are awesome it's bright and airy in there!!  However, I always feel like I don't fit in because my head isn't shaved on one side and I choose to not have any tattoos. But in the end I don't really give a shit.  Try it out if you haven't  I can't imagine that anyone would not enjoy it!p.s. everyone that works their is stunning to look at, makes it a little difficult to interact sometimes because I can't form sentences! ;)
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,8/22/2012,95,53,,3,4>Happy Gillis feels like eating at the home of a friend who is a particularly good cook.It is comfortable in a familiar, welcoming way, and the quality of the menu, the ingredients and the presentation is unusually high-caliber.I love to get their homemade granola for breakfast. Served with yogurt and fresh berries, it's so beautiful I just had to take a picture the first time I ordered it. The taste is just as good.I've had sandwiches and soups here as well, depending on the season, and the results are always impressive.Nice people behind the counter top off the experience. One of the best places in town.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,8/21/2012,23,129,2,16,4>In all my time of reviewing I have never used the "F" word on line......till now.FABULOUS!a co worker had told me to visit this place, because the burgers were always fresh and charbroiled.  I found that to be true.  Going in hungry, I opted for the double burger.  Was a struggle to finish it. A single would probably have done the trick.  Meat was juicy and flavorful when it arrived, and was snugged into a small bun, so the taste of the bread did not conquer everything else.  Minced onions and pickles accompany.  Large amounts of tater tots were $ 1.79 extra.  Crunchy and hot.  I saw an order of onion rings on someone else's plate that will be on my next visit.Tonights specials were BBQ items ranging from Burnt Ends to smoked turkey sandwiches. Salads of various varieties, chicken sandwiches, philly cheesesteaks also dotted the menu.  The smell of  BBQ was inviting but did not see any actual plates go out.Dining area is small but sufficient. Very clean. Place was really busy over the 5-6 pm hr.Pricing was about what i expected, with my double burger being $6 .( sinlges in the $ 4-5 range )...side offerings $1.79....drink on top of that.  But with  the burger rivalling most bars, topping most for flavor and taste, I thought it was worth another visit soon.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/27/2012,8/20/2012,150,498,,6,4>We had a nice dinner at Michael Smith's for Restaurant Week last night, nothing awful, but it didn't really wow me either.  I'm dithering between three and four stars, to be honest.  Damn you Yelp for not giving us a half-star option!  LOLI was part of the group of seven seated in the Wine Room (see Stephen H's review) which was a rather eclectic crowd -- some Yelpers, some long-lost cousins, some models.  Just your average dinner party, in other words.  The Wine Room has a wonderful private-party vibe that I really enjoyed.  The main room is chic & stylish as well, but a bit noisy on this particular evening, so I was glad that we wouldn't have to conduct conversation at a shout.Sadly, the food wasn't quite up to the same standard.  Everything was presented beautifully, but fell a bit short.  My Ginger Royale cocktail (delicious) was served in a sticky flute -- I wanted to wash my hands every time I touched the stem.  Soup, a shrimp bisque, was strangely thin and bland.  Everyone else raved about their pork, but mine was three-quarters fat, so I only got about four bites of meat.  For the finale, a lemon meringue tartlette -- which went past "refreshingly tart" right into "unpleasantly sour."   The rest of the group seemed to enjoy the meal a lot more than I did, so maybe I was just having an unlucky night -- the one person who gets the tough cut when everybody else gets prime.  Yup, that's me.  I'll give Michael Smith's another shot to see if someone else draws that straw next time.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2012,8/19/2012,255,475,,6,4>This Jack Stack location is one of the nicest in town. Located in the old freight house by the train station, this Jack Stack is renovated as a beautiful, chic, impress-your-out-of-town friends classy place. Fireplaces, intimate seating and vaulted ceilings make the menu feel different from the other locations. Lots of options for the vegetarian here, including loaded baked potato, veggie skewer, amazing spinach salad, scalloped potatoes, or you can just eat a whole stack of onion rings - I won't judge. Desserts are to die for and the drink menu will get you through happy hour... happily! Lots of parking and First Friday Art Walks make this one of the most interesting Jack Stack in town. I love taking my out-of-town friends here - always leaves them impressed with KC and happy with its BBQ scene.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,8/18/2012,111,63,2,3,3>Quality, and Quantity.You can't go wrong if you get both.  This locally owned and operated establishment, gets a great rating for providing a quality product in a nice quantity.Ordered the Shrimp and Scallop medly with fresh veggies, and a supreme spicy garlic sauce, and it came with a nice helping of white rice.This was easily a two meal portion, and it tasted great.  10 bucks and you will be singing to the Chinese/American food goddesses.Enjoy
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2012,8/17/2012,34,85,,4,3>I realize I've been giving out a lot of 5 stars lately, and on my first trip to Beer Kitchen I was looking for anything there that I could use to bring my review down from the lofty 5 stars. You know what., though? I couldn't find a damn thing. Price, maybe? That's a hard one, though, since their prices are well in line with the quality of the food. Let's just start from the beginning, and see where that takes us.Taxes coming in (yay!) means the fiancee and I get to check out some places we've been dying to go. On the top of that list? Beer Kitchen. I've read some great things, and drive past it at least once a week. So to finally go in and enjoy myself, this was a good start.Friendly staff! We weren't left hanging at the door, and our order was taken promptly. The place had a good number of people in it for a weekday afternoon, but it wasn't packed. Busy, I'd call it. I agonized over the menu for maybe 10 minutes before finally deciding on the American Kobe burger. The fiancee had the build your own mac and cheese with caramelized onions and burnt ends. We split a jumbo order of sweet potato fries.Everything came out quickly, and my eyes started to water from the beauty.The American Kobe, with the goat cheese croquette was just perfect. Crunchy, savory, gooey on top of a perfectly cooked burger. I was in heaven. The fries, perfect. Crunchy, a little salty and sweet. There's definitely enough to share, and have leftovers. With the fries, you get a choice of aioli  (we had the garlic and sweet thai chili), both of which were delicious though a little shy on portion size. My fiancee enjoyed her mac and cheese greatly, and so did I.All around it was a good experience. I really hate throwing around 5 star reviews like they're candy, but some places just deserve it. I guess my addiction to Yelp is just leading me to the choice dining spots, and I'm managing to avoid the many potholes along the way.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2012,8/16/2012,50,87,2,3,3>Best Thai I've had in the KC Metro ... who would have thought I'd have to go to Leavenworth the find it?Baan Thai is a simple, clean and very friendly restaurant.  The service was spot on and the food was well prepared and very tasty.  As usual, I had the Pad Thai.  I requested a "medium heat" and was pleasantly surprised to find the dish spicy, but not overwhelmingly so.  The portion was more than ample and I brought home almost one whole additional serving for leftovers (sometimes the best way to eat Pad Thai).Overall, Baan Thai was a nice surprise and I will gladly go there again when I find myself in the Leavenworth area.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2012,8/15/2012,74,1211,3,7,3>Man the reviews are hit and miss for this place.First... we had wonderful service and server. He was all over it without being over the top.The salad was iceberg, romaine, and spinach. The dressing was said to be homemade. I actually like it okay. The croutons seems to be homemade as well.We had a shrimp linguini alfredo special that had the shrimp bumped up a notch. I think they added some shrimp stock to the white sauce... just a touch. It was AWESOME. You better like shrimp, though! lolThe eggplant parm order was due to Joi's review. You have to go with a NYC Italian on these matters, trust me. I like the sweetness of the red sauce because there was an underlying meatiness to it. It reminded me of my aunt Bee's meatball marinara... so it was familiar and warming to me. I agree with Joi, though... more brownness on the cheese please... and where is my tin boat a.k.a. serving dish that will brand your fingers if you touch it?  lol  The eggplant under the sauce and cheese was tasty breaded goodness.Anthony's is a throwback place. I like that. Elegant yet casual. Old school. But still decent food. I mean... do you really want to eat at Olive Garden? Really??  : )
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2012,8/14/2012,74,287,,8,5>We went to Frida's tonight for a pre-symphony dinner.  This was our first visit to the new location at 122nd and Metcalf.  We didn't have reservations and they were already very busy when we arrived, but we were able to be seated at the bar and get served with enough time to get to our concert.The house margarita was very well made and flavorful, with fresh tasting ingredients.  The chips and salsa were good -- thin crispy chips and a fresh-tasting but not very spicy salsa.  We split an order of the appetizer quesadillas filled with huitlacoche (a corn fungus that is Mexico's answer to truffles) sauteed with white wine and mixed with goat cheese.  There were three small quesadillas on the platter and they were perfectly delicious, accompanied by dabs of crema, pico de gallo, and guacamole, all excellent!  (There are also quesadillas filled with squash blossoms.)  I ordered the chicken in mole, which was pieces of chicken breast in a red Oaxacan style sauce that was flavorful and only mildly hot.  I think I really was hoping for a Poblano style mole (the dark brown one, flavored with bitter chocolate) but this was good!  It was accompanied by herbed rice and sauteed vegetables.  My friend ordered the Avocado Diabla, two avocado halves topped with shrimp cooked in a spicy tomato-based sauce.  It's an interesting combination and tasted delicious!This is by far the most sophisticated Mexican cuisine I've found in Kansas City -- it's the type of food you'll find in upscale places in the big cities in Mexico.  It's not Tex-Mex, it's not covered in cheese, and it's pretty expensive compared to the run-of-the-mill Mexican restaurants in town!  But it's definitely worth the splurge -- the menu and cooking are definitely several levels above just about every other place in Kansas City.  Service was friendly and we were able to finish our dinners with plenty of time to get downtown for our performance!  We didn't have dessert this time because it was time to get going, but we'll check out their dessert offerings the next time we go!
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2012,8/13/2012,148,216,3,7,8>Goodbye AMC Mainstreet and hello Alamo Drafthouse.  Seems weird to refer to this beloved and beautifully restored piece of Kansas City history as Alamo anything, but from everything I've see, heard and read, it seems like they plan to do right by it.  When they announced their reopening last week, I rushed to their website to buy tickets to Spiderman.  They were clearly not ready to open up online ordering so I eventually just went down to the theater to buy tickets.  Except their credit card machines weren't working so they took my name and told me I had reserved seats.  This worried me.  They didn't give me anything to show I had a reservation and it was all a little chaotic.But when we showed up for the movie, my name was in the system and voila: tickets!  The group next to us wasn't so lucky, but more on them later.  We headed up to the Cinema Suites, grabbed out seats and proceeded to watch two groups of people fight over the seats next to us.  Some mix-up over ticketing...I didn't really pay attention.  But it's not surprising considering the cluster going on with ticketing.The menu is different and the way you order is different.  Since they're militant about no talking when the movie starts (reinforced by a very amusing cartoon followed by some serious Darth Vaderesque warning screens, followed by some even more serious shit.  Like, we will hunt you down like animals if you so much as whisper during the movie.) you write your order down on a scrap of paper and give it to your waiter.  My first major disappointment came when the mac & cheese disappeared from the menu.  HMPH!  What the...?  So I opted for a $10 pizza that turned out to be approximately 2" x 8".  It wasn't bad.  A little burnt.  But VERY small for $10.  My companions got the grilled cheese (a little garlicky) and the chicken club (not good).  The service was good and prompt and for the most part better than the service with AMC ever was.  My second major disappointment was that the rumble seats weren't turned on.  Seriously, what the...?  That's half the fun of going to this theater!  No rumble seats made a very sad Angela.BUT, even with all the hiccups I realize they rushed to get back open after taking over in order to be open for Spiderman and Batman.  So I'll go back in a couple of weeks and see how things have improved, which I'm confident they will from the great things I've heard about them.  For now, I'm happy my favorite theater is open again.  I really hope those rumble seats are working when I go see Batman, though.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,8/11/2012,30,269,,6,3>The Beacon Tavern has taken over a prime venue on Main Street that had sat empty for too many months following the demise of Jack Gage.  After our visit for lunch today, I'm thinking this one just may become a new favorite.  We had just stepped into the door when the bartender greeted us with a cheery 'hello, someone will be right with you'.Sis joined Hubby and me and we each had something entirely different from the varied menu and yet all three entrees turned out to be very good.  I ordered the Southern Fried Chicken Cobb Salad.  All ingredients were fresh and plentiful and the combination was really tasty including mixed greens, baby tomatoes, cucumber, avocado, fusilli pasta, sharp cheddar cheese and egg tossed with a buttermilk ranch dressing.  Hubby got a Chili Willie Burger and chose sweet potato fries for his side.  He did comment that there wasn't much chili, but also said it was a good burger and he loved the fries.  Sis ordered Beer Battered Fish and Chips which was the most amazing of the table based on shear size alone.  This dish turned out to be three very large, crispy breaded cod fillets that came with generous fries and Cider slaw.  Sis ate her fill and still took home a couple of the North Atlantic cod fillets as well as some of the fries.There are a lot of tempting sounding dishes on the menu that I would like to try.  The service was efficient and helpful and those of the staff that we encountered were all very cordial and welcoming.  I like the new decorations and subtle remodeling touches as well as the better designed booths (much easier to be seated than when Jack Gage had the space).  So I expect we will be making repeat visits to The Beacon Tavern on a regular basis.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,8/10/2012,521,843,8,8,4>Dear $3.50 margarita:Sara D. and I decided to stop by Zocalo's after the uneventful and canceled Summer Tea Jam at the Roasterie. There's a reason for the 4 stars. We stood in the entrance for over 5 minutes, possibly 10, waiting to be seated. The waitress seated us, but I requested before even starting, to look at the happy hour menu. She then told us we could be seated in the open bar area....high legged chairs (again). She presented us with a happy hour menu, with one dollar off margaritas. The food that was available were appetizer type food, sending Mexican food to a whole 'nother dimension. Sara and I ordered a plate of tacos, guacamole, and bacon wrapped jalapenos. I have no complaints about the guacomole and the jalapenos. The tacos were just okay, but pretty good. The raw tuna tacos made my stomach turn thinking about it, and looking at it. Sara, thankfully, ate it. The plate of tacos were good, all different. But you, $3.50 margarita, was probably the strongest margarita I've ever had, (barring the nitrous margarita in Albuquerque), in my life. Atleast in Kansas City. After the first, I questioned the fact that I had to step off of the high legged chair (I'm 5 foot tall, that's fantastic. I truly dislike high legged chairs at bars). I even questioned having to think that I had to walk. Much less constituting anything worth thinking. The waitress then, offered us another margarita. We turned her down. She got snippy. We paid and sat there for a while. Margarita, you were grand. Small, strong and mighty. Very strong. The fact that I managed to walk on the floor, from the high legged chair is amazing. Zocalo's you knock margaritas out the ball park.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2012,8/9/2012,118,260,4,8,4>I'm not sure why I haven't reviewed River Market Antique Mall yet. It's kind of like that girlfriend you're waiting to say "I love you" to until the perfect date maybe. Or maybe not. When someone asks me what I did last weekend and I say "I went to the River Market Antique Mall", I'm always quick to add that it's not "antiquey". Not like your grandma's antiques. But sometimes it is. But sometimes it's also like your grandpa's antiques. Cool vintage industrial tools and furniture, vintage lamps, turntables, and advertising signage and displays. Oh, and clothes. There's enough corduroy, flannel, herringbone, houndstooth, and plaid in there to keep the hardiest shopper busy for the better part of a day. That said, unless you're really just not into such things, don't plan on getting through all four floors in one day. There's no way you could make it through all the books, albums, jewelry and clothes, let alone the furniture and miscellany.If you do manage to make it through in one visit, plan to go back often because they're always getting new stuff (seriously, like right now they're getting new stuff). I have to go now.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2012,8/8/2012,4,42,2,6,2>I may be one of the few to admit that I actually prefer the Olathe location over the OG location in the Gas Station.  The food is the same perfection, but I just think the cluster of the dining experience is better in the bigger location...big shock.There's not really alot that can be added about this place at this point, but I think this is the best BBQ on the planet, not just KC.  By far, the most delicious ribs I've ever eaten, and the Z-Man is what a sandwich was meant to be. Perfect in every way.  One item I think gets overshadowed by the rest, but is still the best in town, is the smoked sausage.  If I'm going all in with no plans for the rest of the night, I'll get the HogManiac's dinner, with ribs, pulled pork, and sausage.  Simply put, the best dinner in all of KC, but will put you in a serious food coma for a solid 8-12 hours.  Eat, go home, and put on some sweats, because you are going to be worthless for a while, and it's awesome!
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,8/7/2012,83,201,3,7,4>888 Market is the reason I have an "Asian condiment shelf" in my refrigerator.  This place has everything - from live seafood to a bakery, house wares to a bulk section, and fresh produce to aisles of noodles!!!  Their selection of frozen dumplings, buns, and shumai is excellent.  I regularly leave with at least 2 frozen items.  They also have aisles of sauces and condiments.  The produce section is not the best, but I do buy bulk peeled garlic cloves (to store in the freezer) and bok choy here (for great prices). I've also picked up straw mushrooms and shitakes for a good price.  If you enjoy Asian sweets, they have pocky and all the usual suspects.  They have a small cafe that has Asian dishes at a good price.  We've eaten here once and enjoyed it.This place is great to peruse if you have some free time.  It also has everything you need to cook a great Asian dinner afterwards!
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,8/6/2012,82,237,6,3,4>I really dig this place. Their food is just good and greasy enough for my tastes. The staff has always been fun. A lot of  reviews I've read talk about the wait staff being slow which is true but in their defense this place gets super busy fast. They have a DJ spinning on the weekends which seems to draw hipster douche bags. These aren't your typical Affliction t shirt wearing douches. They'll wear a thrift store shirt and have a mustache tattooed on the inside of their pointer finger.   They make the same noises as a regular douche but live in a world where they're cooler because they listen to Kiss or some other classic rock mixed with modern eclectic.  This delusion is brought about by turning all that nerd anti social behavior in high school into an elitists "know it all" mentality that only uses Apple products. Go Occupy a dive bar and let me have my Foundry back. I liked it before it was cool...oh crap, now I'm turning into one. I can see the mustache growing out now.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2012,8/5/2012,195,325,4,3,3>Had a few non red meat options and that was appreciated.Turkey Burger was just delicious.  The bread was very good... buttered and grilled.  C2 with chicken andouille was very tasty... I love bleu cheese and caramelized onions.  Mmmm....Got the regular fries just to test the waters, but definitely want to try the truffle fries next time.  Their ketchup is kinda strange... has a twang.  That was the best way we could describe it.   Pretty good though.  Waitress was very friendly and accommodating.  The forks.... the forks are very curvy.  Dangerous, I believe.  Perhaps they are for display only since it is a burger place.  :)
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2012,8/4/2012,14,120,5,5,4>Winstead's is a convenient 2 minute walk away from me, and as far as the KC "greasy spoons" go, I think they're the king. The service is fast and friendly - you can tell these ladies have been waitressing for years. It's much nicer and cleaner in here than at a Waffle House or IHOP. Sure there's a little grease smudge here and there on the vinyl booths, but it's part of the charm and has never been to the point of grossing me out.Nothin like a little Carl Perkins on the juke box to ease my hangovers.I often go here for a cheap breakfast. It's not fancy. It tastes like something grandma would've whipped up for the grandkids - no fuss bacon egg and cheese sammies on white or wheat toast. Biscuits and gravy. Hash browns. Coffee with endless top-offs. I can eat here with my manfriend for under $15 including tip nearly every time.Their burgers are thin and they offer mayo and grilled onions at no extra charge. I'd suggest the double because, like at Chubby's, these are on the thin side but, unlike at Chubby's, they don't taste like a dirty grill. Their onion rings are SO GOOD I often hit up the drive thru just for them.Winstead's claims to have made the original "frosty" milkshake. Whether or not that is a true claim doesn't matter to me because I think they are great. I order the malt, not milk, version and even though I'm sure it's a billion calories I don't care because it hits the spot every time.Yummy yummers. Sorry vegetarians, this place is not for you. Head down the road to Eden Alley and quit whining about the salads here because they're pretty much just hamburger toppings in a bowl. Everyone else needs to come here when they're feeling like time warp diner food.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2012,8/3/2012,160,211,11,10,6>If you go here, prepare yourself for:a) Chinese food, in Americab) A buffet, in Americac) Cheap sushi, in the MidwestIf you take those three things into consideration, Joy Wok does OK.  Their buffet is usually about eleven bucks, and you can get some seafood items on the weekend for a buck more, or so.  The sushi is crappy, but it is a buffet!  It's all you can eat!  The other Chinese fare is pretty typical - with one difference:  THERE IS A TON OF FOOD HERE!This has to be the biggest Chinese buffet I've ever been to.. it isn't even a Chinese buffet as much as it is a coalescence of Chinese, Japanese, fried chicken, BBQ, seafood, etc.  It's like a drunk man decided to order take out from a Chinese Place, but then he stumbled into a sushi bar and a KFC on the way home.I'm not saying that is a bad thing, I liked it!  I reveled in my own obesity on this particular day.  It was fun.  I hereby name this the Golden Corral of Chinese food - it has a billion different foods, none of them done superbly, but you already knew they wouldn't be, didn't you?  If you're REALLY being honest with yourself... you don't go to a Chinese buffet for a 5 star plate of authentic Asian cuisine - you go there because you're hungry as hell and you want to eat a lot really fast.  In this spirit, Joy Wok performs admirably.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,8/2/2012,292,268,2,7,9>This is my absolute favorite place in all of Kansas City.  I love everything that The Nelson-Atkins encompasses: the original building, the Bloch building, the lawn, Rozelle Court, the gift shop, the parking garage.....everything.The Nelson has always been my go to place for time alone, as well as one of my favorite places to take people to.  There are few places left where it is quiet and that is one of the things that I love about the Nelson.  I love the lighting in many of the spaces, I love the rhythm of the shoes on the different flooring, I love being surrounded by beautiful and thought provoking things, I love the smell of the place, I love the tranquility, I kinda love it all.Sometimes I look at art and other times I don't look at one piece and just enjoy being in the space itself.  Since I visit often, I never feel pressure to overwhelm myself and just take in what I want.  That is the advantage to living close to my favorite place.  Wether  I spend time in Rozelle Court or on the lawn, I love every place that I stop.  If I feel classic or modern, I now have a choice as to what building I want to spend time in.  The Nelson is free which is amazing and speaks volumes of how the patrons of the city support the arts, but I would encourage everyone to look into becoming a Friend of the Arts for a small yearly fee and take advantage of its many benefits.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2012,8/1/2012,728,115,11,6,7>I'm pretty sure Lawrence  is a trap for anyone who has ever been a downtown employee and ran away.  To avoid ending the night with foggy recollection of what song I gave all my cash to the gutter punk with the guitar to sing I thought I should spend my kid-free evening in town in a nice environment with an expensive meal, 715 here I come.Started with a glass of Sauvignon Blanc while discussing my day with a long-time local friend.  At $10/glass I sipped that shit while greasing up my fingers with the delicious marinated olives and drying them on the flatbread.  The classy beverages fueled classy conversation, talks of entrepreneurial endeavors and long term plans.  The place was packed but it was still easy to engage in conversation with my dining partner at the bar.  Prior to indulging in the main course we decided to take a turn from the posh to the true downtown workers that we both still are at heart.  Yep, shots of whiskey and bottled beer.As the Boulevard disappeared quickly and we ignored our own full glass bottle of water the conversation went down the rabbit hole.  A ha the meal arrives right about the time my partner in crime is discussing posting fake profiles on gay dating websites as a means of settling a 3 year vendetta.  I didn't ask, I just shoveled the Maryland Blue Crab Gnocchi into my gaping mouth to mask the confusion.  These pearls of potato goodness were cooked to perfection and the lump crab was delicious.If you keep it classy at 715 you walk away full but not stuffed, tipsy but not drunk and satisfied in the experience.  Throw whiskey into the mix and you leave drunk, deliciously full but still ready to pay the toothless guy on the Free State porch to sing Bob Dylan.  Keep it classy, folks.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2012,7/31/2012,34,59,6,5,5>Finally!!!  A real live hockey bar!  If you're a hockey fan, you understand what I mean!  You can actually watch more than one hockey game at a time in this place.  This is like a slapshot to the five-hole!  Goooooal!The Blue Line is welcoming from the puck drop... Great vibe and friendly staff.  Bar patrons are friendly and love to talk hockey (heaven)!  The owner will even take time to chat you up.  Even if you arent a hockey fan, this place has a great vibe and is in the trendy Rivermarket.  Now, onto the menu...The menu steals hockey terms for dishes (funny)....and the food is good!  You can get standard bar fare (burgers, wings, etc) and also some interesting twists to bar fare (walleye nuggets, cheddar curds).  I, however, highly recommend you order the entrees.  I know, I know...from a sports bar?  Is Sydney Crosby the poster boy for hockey?  I'd suggest the pot roast with rosemary bread pudding and steamed asparagus...or maybe you'd prefer hand breaded chicken fried chicken with coarse mashed Yukons, awesome gravy and steamed asparagus.  Both dishes come with a salad (field greens, tomato, onion, avocado) and serving sizes would satisfy even Zdeno Chara!  Did I mention you can get all that for 10.99!!!! I can't wait till playoffs!!!!  Ill be back waaaaaay before then!If my heart were Lord Stanleys Cup, Blue Line would be hoisting it around the rink right now!  Well done, Blue Line, Well done!
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,7/30/2012,159,346,7,3,6>If the music had been 867-5309 and I had a little pitcher of Dr. Pepper instead of the classic rock Sirius station playing and having a Miller Lite draw, I would have thought I was 10 and eating at Pizza Place in Leavenworth circa 1984.Yes Caddy Shack is a bar but I was there for the pizza. It was that GOOD to send me back to my alleged awesomeness of 1984.  I am so glad I didn't write off Caddy Shack from my first impression visit about a year ago. My first visit was meh at best but....this time we ordered a pizza in addition to beer. The pizza didn't disappoint. The sauce was sweet, like spaghetti sauce, but offset the supreme toppings of red onion, green pepper, pepperoni and Italian sausage perfectly. The crust was thin and crispy. I have to say, the pizza is a winner for sure.Caddy Shack has daily Happy Hour specials and game time specials.  I think, regardless of their game time specials, you will find me there watching a game, eating pizza and remembering a time when Reagan was president, we were all worried about the Russians, Duran Duran and "Jenny" ruled the juke box and Mary Lou Retton kicked ass in the summer Olympics.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2012,7/29/2012,41,102,3,4,5>Ever find yourself walking down the street on a hot and humid Kansas City summer afternoon and yearning for some traditional, All-American ice cream? Yeah, me either.That's why I come here on those hot, humid summer afternoons.  Not only is it in a great location with easily accessible parking, but it's right next door to a couple pretty well known and well-Yelped KC restaurants. The flavors here are truly extraordinary and unique! You can't really go wrong with any of them. Rich, velvety, and all-around perfect in every way, every flavor is worth trying. In fact, on several occasions, I've sampled almost half of their available flavors. And, even after said sampling, it was still a tough call on which flavors I wanted to get. BUT, there is one flavor, to this day, that I wish were still there. Now, I know Chris has the Goat Cheese and Honey ice cream these days, but about a year ago, he had a roasted beet and goat cheese ice cream that I swear I could have eaten all day every day for the rest of my life and died happily. It was unbelievable. And this is coming from someone who doesn't particularly like beets. So Chris, if you visit your Yelp page, I beg you, bring this stuff back! But, have no fear, Chris always has the freshest and most exquisite flavors available here in KC. Literally every flavor I've had has been perfect in it's own way. So, go in, sample your butt off, and try an unconventional duet of cool, velvety goodness and you never know, it could very well be the best thing you've ever tasted. I know that I am never - NEVER- disappointed.
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2012,7/28/2012,89,62,7,10,5>There are a number of sushi places around downtown, but this one is pretty competitive.  The flavors are solid, the pricing is definitely good and the staff were super friendly.  They mentioned having special rolls coming soon, but what I got (eel roll and veggie roll) was on the regular menu and I would definitely return based on the first experience.The thing I love the most, though, is that they're taking a chance with dinner hours in the City Market, which a lot of places don't do.  They're open til 8pm, which is great for someone who lives/works downtown.  At 6:15, the rest of the market was fairly dead but these guys were open and ready to roll. (ha.  ha.  sigh...)
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,7/27/2012,131,164,6,3,7>Here's how you do Port Fonda.  Show up early.  Get a mezcal-based cocktail. Hang out at the bar with your friends. Order the guacamole. It's citrusy and spicy. Share. Enjoy the what-every-white-boy-loves old schoool rap.  Unfortunately, you might need some shades in this place. It got a bit bright over sunset.  But that's cool, you're at port fonda. Nothing can phase the delicious food.   Now if you do really spicy, go for the chilaquiles. Otherwise, stick with a pork taco. Induldge.   Now, if you've hung out properly, you've lounged a while. It's getting time to head out to the bars, but before you do, get the Chicharones.  Fresh, pork rines. YES. Wash it down with a true maguey special on the rocks or have it neat in one of their ceramic cups. Pork. Pork. Pork. Pork. Mezcal. Pork. Pork. Pork. Mezcal. Pork. Pork. Pork. Pork. Mezcal. Pork. Pork. Pork. Mezcal. Pork. Pork. Pork. Pork. Mezcal. Pork. Pork. Pork. Mezcal. Pork. Pork. Pork. Pork. Mezcal. Pork. Pork. Pork. Mezcal.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,7/26/2012,81,401,2,3,5>First impression was:  Really? This is biker central, not that there's anything wrong with that, I ride and I grew up with bikers.  My friend's clubhouse was in this neighborhood.  Just hard to imagine a place with legit, major acts being around here.  But it is and it's pretty cool!It's 97 degrees, it's a Monday night, we weren't the first people here but pretty close.  In total, by the time The Romantics started, there were maybe 100 people here.  I felt a little bad for them that so few people showed up.  The bartender felt their ticket prices for the show were a little high, $25.00.  That's probably twice as high as it would have been to see them in their heyday back in the 80's.  Still, not bad by today's standards.  Where else can you sit so close and actually interact with the band?  Parking was a breeze.  But I have to wonder what it's like if they really pack them in.As far as the show, it rocked!  They rocked!  Sure the singer's voice is a little flat from all those years but here is a group of guys with 30+ years experience on their respective instruments.  Too bad it wasn't the original drummer who sang "What I Like About You" but his current replacement, Brad Elvis, was the most entertaining person on the set.All in all, $50.00 well spent for an entertaining night out at a unique venue.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,7/25/2012,209,539,1,4,4>I can't believe that I didn't know this was here! A farmer's market open on Tuesday evenings in the Northland! This is possibly the best news I've gotten all week! Now I will warn you, if you are picturing the Northland's answer to River Market, stop now! This is a much smaller market with just a handful of vendors, two produce stands, two baked goods, salsa, and even a homemade curries served hot! I was highly impressed with how much was offered in such a small space! The baked goods were devine, try the citrus shortbread! Although the GF baked good table is also well worth the trip. You know how most gluten free items taste like cardboard? These don't! The muffins taste like muffins, the bread is soft like bread and the snozzberries taste like... nevermind you get the point! Really enjoyed the homemade salsa, in four different varieties of heat! BRING IT! Unique local produce offered, hello wild blackberries and green cauliflower! But the best part for me was visiting Kafa, a woman who really should have her own restaurant and who's mango curry chicken could cause a serious addition! She serves a variety of foods from her homeland still warm and really should be your regular Tuesday night dinner stop! After being tempted with many tasty samples I loaded up, I'll be enjoying Kafa's home cooking for a couple days at least! They are open every Tuesday June - August 4pm-8pm or until they sell out! Warning - not for those with limited willpower around homemade food and fresh produce!
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2012,7/24/2012,184,189,,6,5>When I think of Westport I don't often think of being able to get a great meal that all changed in the last two years. First it was Westport Cafe and Bar, today it is the Boot. The Boot is the latest operation to open by the Confessori/Wiles culinary team and let me tell you this one is a keeper. When you first walk in you realize this place is meant to be cozy. Warm brick walls, reclaimed barn wood clads the walls of the bathrooms, and a nice wood bar to sit at and drink your favorite cocktail. There is a central table that will accommodate a large group of people with smaller tables lining the wall. When this place is busy it is bustling and a lot of fun.On a recent lunch visit I was warmly greeted and was impressed with the menu's simplicity and also the variety offered. I decided to try the short rib ravioli, Krizman's Italian sausage, meatballs, and spaghetti, oh and the pizza. I was hungry but not for long. The pasta's were cooked perfectly and the sauces were not heavy or salty like many of the other Italian places in the city that I have tried. The sausage was dynamite and cooked perfectly and served over lettuce and red gravy, perfect dish. The ravioli was also wonderful the sauce was a wonderful reduction of braising liquid from the short ribs and butter, it was like velvet but not too over the top. The pizza was very nice with housemate mozzarella, beef pepperoni, artichokes, and sharp provolone shaved on top. Overall the food was a 5 star experience all the way. Service was also very good, not intrusive and attentive and very pleasant to deal with. Didn't have any cocktails but the list if highballs was impressive and the wine list was also well done with good options for all tastes. The best parts of Italian cooking are represented here using great products and executed well. Don't pass up this place it is a great addition to Westport and has the ability to help bring prestige back to the Westport culinary scene.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2012,7/23/2012,516,731,5,6,6>Long story short: a place I can get my beef noodle soup fix, albeit expensive!!!!Long story long:As many of you know, I recently moved out to Kansas City.  In case you're not fully aware, there are not many Asians out here, in which subsequently there are not very many options for Asian food.  I have since found stuff here and there, and I have heard of a pretty legit pho place in Downtown, but I haven't been there yet.Anyway, about a month of being here, I got a HUGE craving for beef noodle soup.  It made me sad I couldn't just drive down to San Gabriel or Monterey Park or wherever to grab some something.  I hop here on Yelp and did some looking.I found this place and after reading the reviews, I decided to give it a try and was relieved it was relatively close by.  Across the street from school in fact.  Walking in, the place didn't look "authentic" if you get my drift, but looks aren't everything.  A couple of the waitresses were Asian, so that's a good sign.We sat down and were given menus.  Looking it over, I had 2 disappointments.  First, it looked and sounded quite Americanized and second, I did not see the beef noodle soup anywhere.  I decided to ask, which I actually did in Chinese, and thankfully, it was something you have to ask for.When it finally came, a large bowl of noodles, 6 hour stewed beef, and vegetables in a familiar smelling broth.  I took a few bites and I approved!  It wasn't the best I had, but considering I was in an area that doesn't have a lot of Asians let alone Asian restaurants, was pretty good.  I gratefully finished the bowl (minus some of the broth) with a big smile on my face.  The only thing is that this is $9!!!  I can get it in LA for HALF that price!!!  But I mean hey, this is KC... so I suppose I can't complain.As I was leaving, I chatted with the older waitress, and I found out she was also from Taiwan, so I was happy to hear that.  I have since come back a few times and all but once, I have only gotten the beef noodle soup.  The one time I didn't get it, I got one of their lunch specials, and that wasn't too bad.I definitely will come back time and time again.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2012,7/22/2012,467,1371,2,10,8>It's not entirely fair to judge Justus by Restaurant Week, but for those of us who know and have followed the story of Justus, they pulled off their presentation of Restaurant Week Quite well.Justus now has two dining areas: the "regular" dining room, and the covered, heated patio.  The patio serves a different menu which really shone for me and my four friends who trekked up from various parts of Johnson County.  It's also serviced by it's own, smaller kitchen.  Jonathan came up to us during dinner and called some of it "bar food" but it's not really fair to call it that.  It was well-crafted and delicious.  There's still a full week of Restaurant Week ahead so here are some highlights of the menu (it will probably change after Restaurant Week):jalapeno poppers that are stuffed with house-made cheese and served with a delicious dipping saucefried squash with a balsamic dipping sauceberkshire pork stew with ricequinoa and mushroomspork chop and gritschocolate tartbread puddingYou can pick 4 of these items for...that's right...$30 a person.  You're nuts not to go this week, but you're also nuts if you don't go back another time and enjoy Justus the way the owners want you to: slowly, over a long, made-to-order, delicious, multi-coursed meal.  And that's gonna be more than $30 a person, but you get what you pay for.  To put it another way, Justus during Restaurant Week (even out on a heated patio) is a greater experience than 80% of the Restaurants in town (in terms of attentive wait-staff and ownership, mixology, creativeness yet simplicity of dishes, and decor).  The full "Justus" is in the top 1%.And so, I finally made it up to Justus, and am proud to write the first Elite review for Justus of 2012.PS  I left my hat there and one of the staff who lived in KC met me the next day to give it to me so I didn't have to go all the way back to Smithville from OP.  Nice touch.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2012,7/21/2012,530,119,12,9,13>Do you love trails?!  Do you love nature?!  Well, I've got the place for YOU!  It's the Ernie Miller Nature Center, and it's NATURIFIC!Really, I'm not saying this to be snarky.  It's actually really awesome.  Here's why : I grew up in the SF Bay Area, and one of the things my mother used to do with us kids on the weekends (usually a Sunday, when she was particularly sick of us being around the house) was to pack our snotty asses up and take us to Tilden Park or Kennedy Grove and just let us run around on the trails, picking up sticks, looking at tracks and creeks and rocks and moss and stuff into our clothes were filthy and senses filled with what was the closest thing to being away from civilization as possible for a poor single-mom in the East Bay.Fast forward to my own single-parenthood, cooped-up Sunday with kids going bonkers, and it hits me : GET THEM INTO NATURE!  So I says to the kids, I says : "Drop yer blocks and grab yer socks, we're buggin' out!""Where are we going?!", they bleated, to which I tell them, "It's like a park, but you might get eaten!"So we drive out to the (shudder) Olathe outskirts to Eddie Miller's Center of Nature, and no sooner are we out of the car, but we see a bunch of other families, surely there for the exact same reason.  I nod at the Dads and wink at the Moms, and like a flash, the kids just want to dash across the first wooden bridge they see at the trailhead.   The bait has been taken...And we walk!  And they ask, "What are we gonna see, Daddy?"  And I just easily walk along, a slow stride, looking up at the rocking, bare treetops and say, "What we see, kids.  We'll see what we see..."And boy did they see.  They didn't wanna take the short trails, either.  They wanted the long ones, the ones that would take them further, higher, deeper into the brush, the trees, the mud, the leaves, and no mention of possible wild animals, poison plants, or hobo encampments kept them from wanting to go further into the recesses of the Natural Center of Ernie Miller.Seriously, these kids wouldn't stop! I actually was thinking I may have to start eating wild berries or something to keep up.  We went the big-ass trail, too (It's not really called that), and the ONLY bummer about it is that that one kinda goes near nasty ol' K-7 at one point.  But we just pretended it was some kind of weird intermittent waterfall instead of cars making all the noise at that part of the trail.By the time we'd gotten to the end of the trail (a mile around, maybe?), the kids seriously wanted to go AGAIN, like they'd just been on some carnival ride.  I had to be the party-pooper and remind them that they needed to eat and probably wash themselves before somebody thought we were some kind of backwoods family come out th' forest fer some soo-plies at the Gen'rul Store or what-not.  So, dirty and exhausted and filled with awesome, we got back in the car and drove back to our city-slicker livin' home, kids asleep in a matter of minutes, being worn out from the exertion of...well, being something alive within something alive.And upon that drive home, I recollected my favorite moment during the walk :  I had stopped the kids on the trail and said, "Hey guys....listen...", and they stopped, looking up, looking around, hearing nothing but the wind and tree branches banging against each other, for a good few minutes."Remember this, you guys...", I recommended...much the same way my Mom did when we were kids...
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2012,7/20/2012,50,183,3,11,7>This place is awesome. I've tried a few different sausages (including the frankfurter) and all were absolutely fantastic. The roasted garlic pork sausage is unbelievable, and the frank is easily the among the best "hot dogs" I've had the pleasure of biting into. Every sausage I've tried has been flavorful and juicy almost the point of absurdity. The garlic in the roasted garlic link pops, and is nicely complimented by the subtle addition of herbs. Can't wait to try the rest.The burgers are mind-blowing, too. I was kind of skeptical, I generally do my own grind and didn't think I was going to find anything so vastly superior, but the aging process adds a hearty, beefy flavor. It probably helps that feeling comfortable with the meat's provenance meant I had no qualms with my burger being damn near blood red. Just a hit of salt and a quick sear in the skillet and I was in burger heaven. So. Damn. Good! Forget piling on absurd toppings like the fancy, trendy burger joints. You won't need them. And the price! My goodness. The value proposition here, when you consider the exceptionally high quality and the local, non-factory angle, is truly astounding. I procured what should have been almost a week's worth of meat for around $10. The fact that I ate it all within three days is only partially my fault, I keep telling myself. If it hadn't been so good, I could have abstained.The staff is super friendly. Chef Pope is 100% approachable and an all around nice guy. No pretension, no bullshit, just amazing products and killer service. Shopping here is equivalent to sitting down to a 7-course fine dining meal in jeans and a T-shirt and having the waitress casually call you, "hon." Your wine glass is always full, and on top of that, your bill is $15. This is not a bad thing. In fact, this is a very, very good thing.One complaint, though: the merguez is not sold in links. Rats!
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2011,7/19/2012,23,76,2,2,4>I say this well-knowing it's sacrilege as a KC resident for a few years now, but Topsy's never did it for me.  Gasp!  Sure, it's good and all, but as far as my taste buds could assess, there was nothing that stood out among various cities' specialty popcorn shops.  And the experience was never really pulled together by the inevitable complacent teenager behind the counter.  On a whim, we stopped by VCP and were immediately welcomed, offered samples and invited to stay a while.  We learned that the company was started by a mother making stove top popcorn and having her sons sell it door-to-door and eventually, the business grew to be the first company to offer popcorn in decorative tins which were actually hand-painted at the time.  I have to imagine they shudder at the impostors on the Walmart shelves at Christmastime.  No matter, they now ship worldwide, but completely maintain the small-business feel and every person behind the counter seemed to take great pride in the company. The popcorn itself comes in flavors far beyond and in addition to the standard butter, caramel, cheese, and cinnamon, but I have to say, their plain butter is phenomenal!  If you purchase a tin, you can get discounted refills which I plan on doing soon!
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2012,7/18/2012,47,16,3,4,3>What a nice surprise to head to an early dinner around 5:45 only to find out that happy hour goes til 6:30pm.  We didn't even realize it until our waitress informed us that everything we had ordered was included in the happy hour (That's a good sign of a baller HH selection).I started off with an appetizer of wasabi dumplings (Shumai) and a bottle of Kirin.  I also had my first Soybean Pocket (Inari) which was a sweet bread roll filled with rice, it was awesome.  In addition to that we ordered some Spicy Tuna and Spicy Salmon rolls as well as a variety of sushi, all of which were good.Jun's is clean environment with a professional staff that offers a variety of seating (sushi bar, traditional Japanese, standard seating).  I would like to try the traditional seating but don't believe my current level of flexibility will allow for it.  I'll be coming back here again.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,7/17/2012,57,364,,7,5>I was lucky enough to visit this shop as part of a group, we were able to tour the entire operation. The whole place is crazy-clean from top to bottom. The staff is very friendly and the pierogi, tender, flaky and straight up delicious. I bought 3 pkgs of frozen ones to take home, looking forward to busting those out for dinner tonight. Good stuff guys!
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2012,7/16/2012,13,90,1,7,5>Two words: Absolutely wonderful.This was my forth and last restaurant in my otherwise disappointing KC Restaurant Week extravaganza and was the perfect finale. Story totally redeemed butternut squash soup for me. I had denied the taste from my dining partner multiple times before giving in and I am glad I did. It was delicious! We both had the pork shoulder which deemed the steak knife useless as the meat just fell apart at the touch and was paired perfectly with a potato gnocchi. I am a dessert lover but usually hesitate as the portions leave me completely useless in my food coma for the rest of the night but the prix fixe meal included a dessert so I obliged. The doughnut holes were fantastic and the perfect portion to satisfy my sweet tooth. For the sweet and the fruity lover two drizzles of each surrounded the little "balls of joy" so each palette was satisfied.I had a signature cocktail which was the tamarind cocktail and was quite tasty, but also kind of expensive for the size ($9) so I only had one. It was a great combination of flavors I would have never thought would be good together.I will definitely go back and recommend you try this place out!
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2012,7/15/2012,73,173,1,7,6>Thomas...I have a feeling that we are going to become very good friends.  Yup, I do!  You have it all....atmosphere, a great martini list, and delicious food!After dining at Thomas the other night, I'm thinking it will be my new go to place.  First off, the atmosphere is great.  I love the exposed brick interior with the rustic decor such as the elk horns.  It's a smaller restaurant with dim lighting, which adds to the quaint feeling.  There is live music on the weekends, which adds to the atmosphere.The martini list is extensive and offers everything from fruity and sweet to stronger and straight to the point.  After trying multiple martinis, my two faves are the Bastille Day martini and Bellini martini.  Everything on the menu looked delicious, and it was definitely hard to choose!  We went with a few small plates, I had a house salad (which had fresh lettuce and veggies including asparagus, which is one of my faves), and I went with the Hangar Steak.  The mashed potatoes were so creamy and smooth, and the grilled zucchini was tender and fresh.I can't wait to visit again so I can try some more martinis and small plates!
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2012,7/14/2012,87,206,2,6,3>I've been to Italian-American restaurants that are in locations that boast a little more panache, but they do what they can with the dreaded strip mall location.  The dining room is warm, cozy, and was a nice location for a Valentine's Day dinner with my SO of five years, which is exactly what brought me there for the visit about which this review is based.  Reservation process...simple.  We went the Open Table route, and arrived a touch early, and had no problem getting seated right away, which on a busy night, is nice.  Definitely a crowded dining room, but we lucked out with a little tucked-away corner table.  Despite the busy night, which was to be expected, we got pleasant service, and from a guy who, though obviously busy, seemed to know what he was doing.  I'd never gotten appetizers on previous visits, due to the sheer size of the entrees and wanting to save room, but this time, i tried the Sicilian bread dipping service.  Holey moley, I could order this, a bottle of wine, and call it good.  Olive oil, crushed red pepper, fresh basil, garlic, a little parm...heaven on bread.  They use soft Roma bread, and I found myself wishing that they'd use a more crusty, rustic loaf, maybe ciabatta, but really, it was just a conduit for the oily, garlicky goodness of the bread dip. Entree was the classic Chicken spiedini Garozzo, which is garlicky and lemony and wondrous.  I had mine on a bed of fettucini, SO had penne with marinara on the side.  Delicious and filling.  They stocked a nice, crisp sauvignon blanc that offset the garlic and citrus well, though it could have been a bit more chilled.  The only whoops of the meal was that I never got my Caesar salad, but neither did I bring it to the server's attention (I was actually second guessing having ordered it, anyway, after the app).  Dessert was a passable cannoli, but I probably should have gone with the spumoni.  I wouldn't compare Garozzo's to Lidia's and complain that it's lacking, personally. It's not intended to be frou frou or gourmet, and it's southern Italian/Sicilian-influenced Italian-American cuisine, not authentic-ish northern Italian, the likes of which you will find at Lidia's...it's like comparing soul food to a New England clambake, or something.  I mean, really, the bottom line is that this is a place where they play Frank, Sammy, and Dino on a loop, have a house chianti and go heavy on the ol' carby pasta entrees.  Apples to oranges.  But it's solid for what it is.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,7/13/2012,64,139,,5,5>Cafe Gratitude is way more than the sum of its parts. A visit to this sweet restaurant will result in not merely a great meal, but a positivity experience that has the power to turn around the worst of days. Food-wise, this is not one of those vegan restaurants that takes ingredients and tries to turn them into faux meat (save for the coconut "bacon", but even there it's not really the case). The menu is not huge but most of the offerings are pretty complex, so it is hard to describe. My advice is to ask the server what their favorites are, and they will make great suggestions. They are all very friendly. Try sitting at the bar and you'll meet most of them. As with most vegan restaurants, the desserts are amazing, but pricy. Worth it, but pricy ($8). They do run out of stuff, but this is normal with fresh and organic, and especially in a place this new and with so much buzz. Can't wait to return.
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2011,7/12/2012,101,236,,6,5>I love this place.  It is not very often that I get my nails done, so when I go, I would like to be pampered.  This place delivered.  I was there to get a shellac pedicure (more on this later) and was promptly lead to a comfortable chair with massage options and the whirlpool bath set in an open and airy large room (no chemical smells here).After soaking my tired dogs, my technician cleaned up my Hobbit-like feet into beautiful (or as good as they get) feet ready for my "summer of sandals." Even when the very much needed application of the pumice caused her to break a sweat, she was friendly and engaging, answering all my questions on the shellac and even assisting in color choice for my primping companion; I knew I wanted the bright coral color, but they have a nice selection and this is going to stay on for a while--up to 2.5 months for toes--so it can be a difficult decision.This is one of the few places around that offers shellac pedicures; my technician shared that the reason for this is that some places are using product that has to be soaked off in acetone (instead of the easier removal that Joi shared) so they cannot do toes as there is not an easy/pleasant way to soak feet in acetone.  Anyway, after my soak and clean, the process was super fast and finished off with a foot and calf massage (all for $45).  The best part, though, was that I could walk out without worrying about messing up my gorgeous new toe nails--as the shellac is set by UV and is totally dry in minutes!I will totally go back, maybe for a manicure, definitely for a pedicure.  If you get manis or pedis on a regular basis, or are looking for a way to pamper yourself, head to Oak Nails--they are great.  If you decide to go,  please know that they recommend that you have an appointment, or at least call when you are heading there, so that you do not have to wait for service.  One last tip--if you get your nails done here, they will remove the shellac, even if you are not getting a new mani/pedi, for free!
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2011,7/11/2012,46,28,2,7,4>A large group of us, adults and kids decided to check out Tasty Thai. Upon arriving at the restaurant, I noticed it took over the location which previously housed Cafe Nica just a few months ago. Hmmm..I wonder if this restaurant is going to see the same fate. Well, inside we go. I noticed the interior was definitely more like a cafe with simple tables and chairs. There were Thai-inspired decorations scattered around the place. We were one of a few groups in the place for lunch. I personally ordered the Red Curry seeing as how I haven't had good curry since I went home to see the folks. It was a nice-sized order that I eventually took home as well to enjoy. I got mine with chicken which was intermingled within the coconut milk flavored broth amongst bamboo shoots, and peppers. I really liked the flavor of the curry. Generally when I go to a Thai restaurant, I always have a hard time deciding between a curry or a noodle dish. I was stoked to see that my favorite Thai noodle dish, Lard Na, was on the menu as well. I was also lucky because one of my friends already made the decision to order it, so I could sample it for future reference. The gravy sauce was a nice, thick consistency which is perfect for me and the flavor was quite delicious. The wide noodles were also soft which is where some Thai restaurants fail. Definitely a must order for me next time.The weird? We also ordered the Sesame Chicken. Unlike the Chinese version, this was a big chicken breast stuffed w/ a mixture then battered and deep fried and loaded w/ a thick peanut sauce. I was not a fan at all. That may be an item you'd want to save your money and not order. Service was pretty good. I feel the restaurant itself isn't extremely big, so it would be a shame if the servers weren't attentive. The price is what I've come to expect from Thai restaurants. I plan on returning to the restaurant because the food was good. I'm also not mad at the fact that I could order a Singha (Thai beer) to wash down my meal with :)
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,7/10/2012,62,87,2,5,5>On the Rocks has become my de facto local liquor store, but even if it were not I would go out of my way to stop in there.On the Rocks features a full selection of liquor, wine, and beer.  The central part of the store has racks and racks of wines in a wide selection.  Similar to some other Lawrence liquor stores, On the Rocks includes some helpful-marketing information like the scores from Wine Spectator and other enthusiast publications.  The liquor section of the store carries a substantial selection of spirits, including many flavored vodkas, a good amount of gins, tequilas, bourbons, scotches, and other sundry spirits.The shining star of On the Rocks is the beer selection.  The back third of the store is the "beer cave", or gigantic walk-in cooler.  All of the chilled beer and pre-mixed cocktails are located in this massive cold room.  From the front of it, the beer is finely displayed as one would find in any liquor store or grocery.  The selection is sizeable -- containing excellent brews from around the country and around the world.  I like to think that even with Kansas's backward thoughts on booze that the location in the center of the country affords a wide selection of beer from all over.  Entering into the beer cave is like stepping into a wonderland of a beer warehouse, with cases of a great variety of beer stacked up to chest level.  On the opposite side of the refrigerated display from the cases of beer are the by-the-bottle selections.  I love that about this place.  I was introduced to the thought of doing mixed-sixes by a Lawrence institution -- Jensen's Liquor.  On the Rocks does the same thing -- a whole selection of beers by the bottle, individually priced for you to build your own six-pack to try out all those selections you've been dying to taste but were uncertain if you would like enough to buy a whole six.  The beer selection doesn't stop at the beer cave -- the store also has several shelves full of imported and specialty beers.  Sure, the shop has the Boulevard Smokestack series, but they also have a large selection of the New Belgium Lips of Faith Series, and other special brews only available in 1 liter or 24 oz bottles.  I love On the Rocks because prices are reasonable, and the selection is great for a Kansas-based liquor store and our sometimes archaic alcohol laws.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2012,7/9/2012,262,244,5,9,8>I've never written poetry about corn but this makes me want to.  I've never had the cold sweet treats here but I have taken on the corn in a cup.The recipe is simple, corn, butter, lime and cheese,  Do it.  I brought several to work as treats and everyone agreed, that is good corn!  Almost everything else at PT is served cold but this dish is HOT!  Also you can have it spicy or plain.  The spicy is so good though, I can't imagine having it any other way.  Look for it on the menu, it's called Elote, (corn on the cob)  You can have it that way too, I prefer it in a container.  It's a quick lunch on the cheap.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2011,7/8/2012,39,88,3,3,3>Mother Lovin Waldo Pizza! I have had a lot of pizza in the mere 26 years I've been on this earth and this stuff definitely rates with the best I've ever had. There is a reason this place is jam packed every weekend.  Get there early if you don't want to wait.  If you don't mind waiting, they have two bars that serve a mighty fine selection of beer, and other drinks of course.The pizza has a really good sauce, a very balanced combination of sweet & spicy.  The crust is also always amazingly crispy.  No matter the amount of toppings, sauce, and cheese, there is always a nice flaky crunch to the crust. To top it all off, they use a St Louis style provel cheese.  The combination is sinfully delicious.  It makes me hungry thinking about it right now.... Num Num Num Num!!All in all, a solid KC standby for awesome pizza and beer.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2011,7/7/2012,117,917,3,6,3>I had been wanting to come here for ages, and an opportunity finally presented itself. I pounced. Got here right at 11 when they opened, so had no issues with wait times or seating. That being said, by the time we left around 11:35, all tables were taken, as expected.I ordered the burnt ends plate which came with a side, for which I chose cole slaw. My girlfriend had a brisket sandwich with sides of bbq beans and sweet potato fries. My burnt ends were awesome. They were kind of a mix of chopped and chunked, so you had pieces of all sizes and the texture that is so great with burnt ends came through (unlike at Bryant's where they chop up the burnt ends and completely destroy the texture). The cole slaw was probably my favorite that I have had so far on the KC BBQ scene. My girlfriend's brisket wasn't quite as good, though. It was fine, but nothing extraordinary - there is better in town. Same with the beans and fries. The sauce was awesome - I liked it a lot, but she wasn't the biggest fan. Service was very friendly. Prices seemed high for lunch (and it's only open for lunch), but I didn't really feel ripped off. The place was open, airy, and surprisingly clean. One thing I loved is that it didn't wreak of BBQ. Yeah, BBQ smells great, but I don't like smelling like pulled pork or ribs for the rest of the day. At most BBQ places, that is the price you pay...but not here. I won't be back here very much, but that's because it's far from my house, even further from work, and it's only open on afternoons, which doesn't really work for me. But, I WILL be back for sure.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2012,7/6/2012,83,109,1,11,5>Holy cats! I loved this place!I ended up going here with two other people after we decided that Free State would take too long. It's newer and we could see open tables so we decided to give it a try. Finding out now that the people involved with Tortas Jalisco are part of Mexquisito makes total sense to me! Torta Jalisco s is awesome and I think this place will soon move up in the ranks as a go to place for higher end Mexican food!They clearly are still working through some kinks. Service was a bit hurried, but it seemed to even out somewhat while we were in there. But, quite honestly, the experience with the food made it worth it. This place doesn't have the usual Tex-Mex fare. You won't find a chimichanga on the menu. There are some taco and burrito dishes, but the focus seems to be on authentic dishes with some great twists on them. We ordered totopos (chips and salsa). It costs $2.99 here, but worth it. The server informed us that there would be a slight delay on the chips because the kitchen was making up a fresh batch. When they arrived, they were warm. The red salsa was OK. But the green salsa was great! I had the pollo pibli. I really enjoyed this dish. It featured well-seasoned chicken on a plantain peel along with black beans, rice, and a slaw made up of green peppers and cabbage among other items. It came with warm tortillas. I could taste the flavor from the plantain peel in the chicken -- this may sound odd, but it was superb!I also had a bite of the Tacos Al Carbon and the Birra. Both were quite good. The server recommended the Birra (Mexican meat stew), and you could taste why.As previously mentioned, Mexquisito does have meat, seafood and vegetarian options on the menu. Definitely worth a try!
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,7/5/2012,92,76,,8,4>The owners of recordBar have recently opened up a new bar near Westport. It's a totally new concept from their live music venue, completely gutted out than when the space was Gusto Lounge or the Lava Room before it, and very different than the other bar offerings on that strip of Broadway.miniBar has only been open for a couple weeks, but has already carved out its own character in this area, known for some seedier, divier bar options (and in some cases this is good... in others, not so much). The globe and suitcase light fixtures and "worldly" feel gives miniBar an air of class and freshness without the pretentiousness. Being a 3 a.m. bar, it provides a new option for those not in the mood for Chez Charlie or the Newsroom. I've been here a handful of times already, and it's provided a comforting respite from the busyness of Westport or music venues after a packed show.recordBar pizzas will soon be appearing here, which will automatically be a win in my book. I've had good experiences with the bartenders, but it probably helps that I frequent their big sister bar, so that might be subjective. Either way, I look forward to seeing this business grow and become a permanent fixture on Broadway.P.S. I gave this review only 4 stars instead of 5 because I don't drink, and since it's a bar, I don't want to speak for the drink selections or prices since I know nothing about them. Otherwise, 5 stars!
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2012,7/4/2012,247,223,1,6,3>When I first rated this bar/restaurant, I wrote that I'd add a star, if they added fish tacos to the menu.  Well they have, and the fish tacos are really excellent.  So five stars now, for sure.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2012,6/30/2012,82,53,3,10,5>According to Foursquare, I've been to Cosentino's 186 times. I treat Cosentino's like a proper urban grocery store, and most of the negative feelings people have about it are because they are trying to make it something it isn't.With large office buildings on all sides, Cosentino's is a popular spot for lunch, and for good reason. For the vegetarian, the salad bar is a thing of beauty. It has one of the most vast collections of items I've seen, all very fresh and meticulously stocked. You could go every day for weeks and have a different tasty mix of veggies. My lunch today was a great mix of veggie protein sources like beans and nuts, and it was tasty.There is plenty on the salad bar for the meat-needy too. Deli meats, fried and grilled chicken, imitation crab, bacon bits -- if you can't make a salad you love here, you're just an unhappy person.Beyond the salad bar, there is a solid deli counter and several hot meal options like pizza. The salad bar is flanked by soup, casseroles and special salads. In the morning, there is a great breakfast buffet.Aside from that, there are a ton of options to grab for dinner at home. Most of it has been decent, though I'd rather buy the ingredients and prepare it at home if I'm not eating out. Oh, and there is a grocery store too. A pretty darn good one. This isn't a place you go to load up on every item before you crawl into your bomb shelter for the next 6 months. It is an urban store, with a smaller but thoughtfully curated collection. Grab a bottle of wine and the 6 ingredients you need for dinner tonight, all fresh, and often without even having to start a car if you're in the neighborhood. That's convenient, and it gives you so many more options right in the neighborhood.And price? Give me a break. Yes, it might be a bit more expensive than your mega-mart in the suburbs, but this is an urban grocery store. They've made a serious leap and have provided us an amazing amenity in the neighborhood. To me, that's worth a couple more dollars in the grocery bill. If you want to get in the car to drive to the suburban soul-crushing mega store to get your stuff, be my guest. You'll waste your time, your gas and will probably end up with a lower quality product anyway.And if they don't have something that you really want, let them know! More than one person I know has gotten something added to the shelves here.Why not a perfect rating? Well, as a participant in the veggie challenge this month, I'm assuming I'm among people that at least give some thought to their decisions. Having any meal at Cosentino's means a pile of plastic or styrofoam, and there is no way around it. I wish there were a better option, but a grocery store obviously isn't going to do dishes and when stuff is sold by weight, bringing your own containers doesn't work either.I'd also like to see a bit more of the space dedicated to food instead of liquor and wine. A few staples is great, but in trying to be everything, they compromise a bit. A liquor store is something that should be stand-alone, and we have some other options downtown that do the job well.I also hope that people still continue to be scrappy. As a resident of the River Market, I feel like I could still find most of what I needed by patronizing a variety of shops. That is what urban living is all about. Cosentino's is almost too convenient, as it makes us lazy urbanists, but I have a feeling that is me trying to live an ideal more than it is behavioral. If many of my neighbors were just driving to the Northland for grocery runs, which I suspect is true, this is a step in the right direction. And there is bike parking!
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,6/29/2012,184,236,11,10,9>Mmmhmm. I love me some pulled pork sandwiches. Wait in line and inhale all that smokey delicious goodness, or call in and pick it up.This place is going to get dangerous since I realized how close it is to my lab. Yikes.But hey, it'll help my low iron levels, right? And eating pulled pork every day isn't bad for your health, right? No, it's good for me. I'll just keep saying that to myself as I scarf down some pulled pork right now, thank you very much.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2012,6/28/2012,146,179,4,4,5>If you have not made a full walking tour of the River Market area, you need to!  One of the many treasures you will find is this mural, located on the West facade of the River Market Antique Mall.  Most Kansas Citians have seen it, but I feel that not too many have actually really looked at it.  I personally think it is just grand.  I mean, am I a history nerd? Yes! Am I a sucker for public art?  Yes!  Ergo, I think historical public art is just tops!  Many, if not all, know that our area was one of many stops along Lewis and Clarks long journey to the Pacific Northwest.  They used our own Quality Hill to survey the river, and I'm sure at some point our own river to relieve themselves.  How historically amazing!  This very grand mural commemorates the launching of that journey.  These two fair men launching an expedition into the wilds of the American West.  In the mural you can see how the landscape may have looked along the river before the Army Corps of Engineers set the Mighty Mo to its current course in the early twentieth century, doing away its meandering through our fertile flood plains.  Sacajawea and her famous wrapped baby are in the foreground along with her French-Canadian husband, both not looking very historical at all.  Weren't they the guides or at least helped with such matters?  It seems our artist thought they mostly stared at the ground, pondering as to why in a god's name they were helping these white dudes bring on an onslaught of Western explores who would systematically destroy the world as they new it.....but I digress.  My favorite part of this piece, with out a doubt, is our fearless explorer giving the largest thumbs-up sign he possibly could.  He was one excited man, full of vigor and childish quandary as to what lay in front of him.  History my friend...History!
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,6/27/2012,35,139,10,4,6>Don't tell my husband I'm in love with another man. His name is Christopher and he takes all the things I love and he marries them with chocolate. If I'm entertaining an out-of-towner, this is one of my top three go-to places in Kansas City. If you're not visiting me but you live out of town, no Kansas City care package would be complete without a box of Christopher Elbow (shipped via CE, never shipped by me). For a holiday or a special occasion I love to give these chocolates as gifts. And I love to receive them as gifts as well; nothing makes me feel more special, even Tiffany doesn't compare. The space is beautiful and trendy - wide-open, tall ceilings, bathed in white, brown and orange and the chocolate takes center stage. A window to the kitchen provides a preview of where the magic happens. The service is friendly and, while I wouldn't say the staff is warm, they know their confection 411. There are a whole host of reasons to go and they are all surrounded in chocolate. Each time I visit I get one familiar piece and I try a new one. There are some standards, but, by-and-large, the chocolates and caramels are seasonal. The top seller, and one of my personal favorites, is the fleur de sel - chocolate covered caramel infused with Grey French Sea Salt. The perfect blend of sweet and salty. On this visit I tried a grapefruit caramel and a mint chocolate. The mint was so fresh it tasted like it had just been picked from my mother's herb garden; it was refreshing. The grapefruit was light and tangy; I'm glad I tried it, but it's not one I would choose again when presented with the vast assortment CE offers.Is CE spendy? Well, that's relative. If you're comparing CE with, say Russell Stover's (which was my Grandma's favorite), then, yes, it is high. But I never imagined Russell running his chocolate covered fingers through my hair, either. CE is an experience. It's like pitting a Porsche against a 1982 Chevy Citation. The Citation will get you where you need to be, maybe, but the Porsche will take you there in style.  Call it art, call it inventive, call it delicious. If lovin' you is wrong, I don't wanna be right because you had me at chocolate, Christopher. You. Had. Me. At. Chocolate. Will I go back? Every chance I get.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,6/26/2012,339,655,,17,8>For my 500th review, I wanted to choose something special:With my wife liquored up from a Yelp event and hunger driving her forth, I drove around a bit aimlessly until I encountered the River Market area. At 9:30 pm, all the restaurants and bars we called in the area had closed their kitchen on a Thursday night :( I racked my brain and called The Rieger (my wife has been wanting to go for AGES). Ryan Maybee (the owner) picked up and asked where we were. At this point, it was 9:55 and he was closing the kitchen. He said if we got over there in 15 minutes, he'd be glad to hold it open for us.We were greeted by the hostess after parking right in front of the restaurant and we told her we were interested in dinner and dropped Ryan's name. Ryan came over to introduce himself and ask our names and tell the hostess to make sure we could order some food. Nice touch!I loved the interior and the open kitchen. Our waitress brought us our menu's and I promptly ordered one of the Sherry's which had a sweet, nutty, and creamy flavor to it. Shortly after-wards another waiter came by, said she was tied up and wanted to make sure we were taken care of. Due to some dietary restrictions, he talked to the chef and modified the dishes to be dairy free.We ordered the:Trout à la Meunière with the curried cauliflower purée, roasted parsnips, Marcona almonds, capersand the Steak Tartare with oysters, shallot, lemon, extra virgin olive oil, pommes gaufrettesMy wife was hungrier than I, so I just had planned so split the app and pick off her plate, but they insisted they would split the dish in two for us. We were a bit surprised as, we figured there wouldn't be much to split (it being a higher end restaurant and all).They brought out some bread while we were waiting. It wasn't anything special. The Steak Tartare melted in your mouth and was served on some sort of potato chip, that was homemade. I wish there were more of these! I might of ordered them as an app as well :) They only had 3 potato wedges :( Now, the piece de resistance was the Trout. Incredible flavors, and accompanied with the parsnips, almonds and capers, it just mixed essences so well. Shockingly, it was a huge portion! I could have never eaten it by myself. They split the entree and each plate was a meal by itself. The waiter and waitresses, came by often to chit chat, ask how things were and to make recommendations on the menu. If I had more room, I would have indulged in sorbets. The bread and water was always restocked without any need to ask. We even had some Yelpers come by and say hello, as they apparently had the same idea we had after the event was over.Overall, the bill came to $35 plus tax and tip for two. VERY reasonable for the quality of the food and the ambience. THANK YOU Ryan Maybee!
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2011,6/25/2012,238,295,22,25,25>Just for the record, I am a  warm blooded heterosexual woman, but there are times when I see a woman wear something that totally rocks, and I think...WOW, I want to look like that.   "I want to be THAT girl"!  Now, thanks to Birdies, we can all "Be that girl!".  Not just the sweet lil' things that need to eat a ham sandwich...even those of us , who have eaten a few.  They have an entire store full of lingerie that is unique, luxurious, and will make any body  feel sexy, slinky, seductive, or even demure.  So whatever adjective you embrace...just decide right now to be " that girl" Also for the record, neither am I another 20-30 something.  I'm slightly more challenging, but with equally fabulous results.  Trust me, you are never too old to be delicious!  So...Treat yourself right.Do prepare yourself for the experience...this is not the usual "May I help you?" or " let me know if you need anything".  This is hands on assistance.  They will ask questions about your tastes.  The better you are able to articulate what you like, the better they will be able to delve into their treasure trove and pull out something magical or perhaps mindset altering. Do indulge in the attention...this is a service freely rendered. Now, after my very productive trip to Birdies, I'm that girl, and I'll be strutting my stuff out to dinner tonight with the man.  Which by the way, didn't take much effort after he saw the outfit, 'cuz he wants to be "that guy" who gets to be seen in public with "that girl!".
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,6/24/2012,222,511,6,9,7>Ever hear a really great jazz ensemble on the radio and say, "I wish I was there!"? Well, now you can be! 12th Street Jump, formerly 12 O'clock Jump, is a wonderful little NPR jazz program with great musicians and cheesy, satirical political bites typical of the NPR style, sung in a rhyming jazz format.First off, props to Lauren O. who first mentioned this to me and brought the husband and I there the first time. It used to be housed at the Mutual Musical Foundation in the 18th and Vine district but moved to the lobby of the Marriott on 12th St in downtown KC earlier this year.Each show's format features a jazz performer from yesteryear. Seasoned musicians sing and play instruments replaying these jazz legends. Shows are on Saturday only at midnight and last an hour.So how much for this political pop culture meets jazz extravaganza? A big fat zero dollars. Great nostalgic jazz for free. The only cost is drinks if you wish to partake.Get there earlier than midnight. Seats are at a premium since many tourists staying in the hotel tend to stop by.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2011,6/23/2012,59,138,2,4,3>Bloomsbury Bistro bas some seriously good lunch food.  Service is fine...you can tell that tbe staff is comprised of five or so daily peeps.  Salads, soups, lunch entrees are all yummy.  It's seasonal and fresh and the carrot cake is one of the best desserts in town.There are lots of older people but I find that comforting.  As a person who used to go to church just to look at the cute old people, I love it.It's the neighborhood...Corinth isn't exactly Brooklyn.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2011,6/22/2012,21,32,5,3,3>As good old Lawrence Welk would say.... Wunnerful wunnerful wunnerful.  I learned my lesson last time and made sure not to fill up on the salad bar.  It is a wonderful salad bar, and it would be a fabulous meal on it's own, though $20 is a bit steep for any salad bar.   My compliments to the asparagus prep... Absolutely perfect. Crunchy and flavorful.  I could have made a meal of only that.But you don't go to Em Chamas for the veggies. You go for the meat, and they didn't disappoint. 13 - count'em thirteen - different delectable treats carved right off the spit by an unending line of beautiful young men.  (I know where to find my pool boy when I win the lottery.). 2 pork, 2 chicken, 8 beef, and one chicken spadini that is in a class all it's own. Normally I wouldn't be thrilled with a table right outside the kitchen, but this time we got the freshest cuts still sizzling from the grill.  Be sure and try the bacon wrapped sirloin ....  So good I had to go back for seconds.If you must have something sweet to end with you won't be disappointed.  They had a nice round selection of chocolate, fruity moussey stuff, and flan that took up half the plate.Everything can't be perfect.  The white sangria left a lot to be desired.  The second round was a yummy concoction of their Brazilian rum with strawberries.  Like a strawberry rum smoothy without the milk. Smooth, cold and a little hard to drink.  Don't bother with the straw.  My date had one with cherries that was smooth and easier to access.Service was good as I mentioned before.  Lots of gorgeous young men at my beck and call.  With reservations we only had a few minute wait.  The AC was having trouble keeping up with the crowd but it wasn't too bad.  Noise level was high and lots of activity.  Definitely not a quiet romantic night out, but never boring. If you are north of the river and feeling carnivorous this is the place to go.  Bring your appetite and your credit card.  You won't be disappointed.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,6/21/2012,47,283,1,8,6>I am such a sucker for a free factory tour.The Roasterie Roasting Facility is a nice tour- I was surprised at how quickly coffee roasts and at how small the factory is! I also learned how to slurp coffee to get the full flavor, and all about the history, economics, and trade of coffee. I love a little free education on a Saturday morning!Of course guests get free samples at the end, and if you want they will email you a photo of yourself in their captains chair with a silly hat on.Fun!
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2011,6/20/2012,69,196,,4,4>Went in for an updo. My stylist, Marisol, did a wonderful job on both my hair and my sister-in-law's. The owner came by to introduce himself, and was very friendly. I would definitely return. The prices are really great; its a very nice salon, but they don't charge you an arm and a leg. Despite the low prices, the staff is professional and talented.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2012,6/19/2012,50,83,,7,5>My wife's family and I all went through The Dive Shop to get our diver training. This place is great store for BCs, Wet Suits, an other diving equipment. The store is always clean and things are easy to find. The staff is knowledgeable and very helpful, this may be because they all love diving. The thing that makes this a great place to learn to dive is that you can take your classes here in their classroom, and then learn your skills in their dive pool. They make a seemingly endless amount of info and skills elementary.One of the perks they used to do was that for divers who went through classes here got to come in on Sundays from 1:00pm-4:00pm and dive in their pool for free( and use all of their equipment). Sadly they no longer do this, due to the high amount of people who took advantage of this. They do however, still let you come in and dive with their equipment for $10 a person. This honestly is a deal, $10 for 3 hours I unlimited tanks and free use equipment. If this were still free this place would be a 5 star hands down.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2011,6/18/2012,53,126,1,6,3>Yep - I'll jump on the 4.5 star bandwagon.  Let me start by saying I didn't actually eat in the restaurant.  I was giving a talk in the upstairs room so I ordered my dinner to go and asked for it to be ready at the end of the meal.  They had it ready right after I finished, which is always nice.  They were super attentive and some of the best/friendliest service I've had in a while.  We needed an extension cord and they got one super fast - but then it didn't have 3 prongs, presto - they got an adapter.  They did a great job of serving and staying out of the way while I talked.  Now for the food.  I got the spin dip - which was really good and different than what you normally get - I highly recommend!  I also got the calamari, this was my only disappointment because it was super chewy - but that may have had more to do with the fact that I had to drive back to leawood and so didn't eat it for an hour after it was cooked.  It might have been better fresh - but I also didn't care for their dipping sauces.  The red was a slight step up from cocktail sauce and the white was way to mayo-ey.  Dinner was amazing- even taking home and rewarming it in the microwave.  I got the pesto gnocchi with a medium rare steak on top.  It was done perfectly and had a great flavor, very tender.  The pesto was really good and the gnochci was soft - not chewy at all.  I liked the spinach salad, the candied walnuts were really good and the vinaigrette dressing was nice and tart and a little thick which I really like.  I got the tiramisu for dessert - it was better than average (I've had some really bad ones) I'd give it 7/10, moist and creamy with a good soaking of the base.  Overall I was very happy and pleasantly surprised by Cafe Verona.  I will certainly be back if I'm ever in the area!
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,6/17/2012,26,15,,15,2>I eat vietnamese food 5 or more times a week regularly at every single VN restaurant in KC. Vietnam Cafe on 39th street (VNC39) pretty much flips back and forth with the Columbus Park location (VNCCP) for top honors. Rather than go into the foods and service (all is good), here's what is particularly good at this restaurant:1. Fried egg rolls. These are hands down the best in town. The only thing that would make em better is Hien Vuong's fish sauce.2. Combination Beef Pho. This is often the best Pho in KC. The way they handle their tripe is great and all the meats are tender and delicious. If you're a first timer, get this. I've learned I don't really like rice noodles, so I order the firmer egg noodles and this soup is pretty close to perfection. 3. VNC Signature Fried Rice. Maybe not the most authentic VN food, but the sausage they use is unique and awesome and this is the best fried rice in KC.4. Cafe Style Combination Bun. This has shrimp, pork and a fried egg roll and is a good alternative to Pho when it's hot outside.I avoid the spring rolls here simply because nobody makes better spring rolls than Hien Voung in the City Market. Same with the Bahn Tom (sweet potato shrimp). The staff here is top notch, fast and friendly. If I cared more about "ambience", maybe I'd wish the place had some windows, but their food makes up for that. It's a shame that more restaurants in this town can't provide food and service as good as VNC39 does every single day for less than $10. This place is one of the best restaurants in Kansas City regardless of price.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2011,6/16/2012,35,41,2,8,3>Add me to the list of non-vegans who were absolutely floored by the quality of food - especially the dairy substitutes. I saw it elsewhere on these reviews and I'll repeat it: if I could have this kind of food for every meal, I would absolutely go vegan.An additional reason I love this place: lactose and I are not friends. We can sometimes tolerate one another in small doses, but it is a wonderful thing to eat a delicious big bowl of macaroni and cheese, tacos with (*really* realistic) sour cream and cheese, polished off with brownie a la mode - and have no worries about gastrointestinal rebellion later in the evening. The cashew goji cheddar is slightly different than regular cheddar, but every bit as good if not better, making a rich creamy sauce that was better than the majority of "real" mac and cheese meals. The tacos were excellent as well - the wild rice "meat" isn't too meat-like, but it's of no consequence - it's equally filling and tastes considerably better than your typical taco with beef. The guacamole was superb as well. The dessert was the best part of a wonderful meal; The brownie was moist and rich; the ice cream, indistinguishable from *actual* soft serve.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2011,6/14/2012,41,72,,9,5>We heard about this place in the most recent Johnson County Lifestyle magazine. The restaurant's platter of burnt ends took center stage on the cover. Now, "Johnson County Lifestyle" is not something I usually look at...but it's cover picture was so succulent and delicious, I just had to find out what restaurant produced such beautiful bbq. So for the first time ever, I actually opened the free magazine to find a great article on Burnt End BBQ and Catering. The place is just around the corner from my house, so we decided to go. We were so glad we decided to because the food was out of this world. They just acquired the pit chef from Fiorrella's Jack Stack and their BBQ is obviously made with great thought and care. The place itself isn't huge, but we had no problem getting a table on a Friday night. At the same time, there were lots of people coming in to get to-go orders or just deciding to come in and try it like us. There were 4 of us and we ordered the 1/2 lb Brisket, 1/2 lb Burnt Ends, and 1/2 Slab of Ribs + 2 sides of handcut fries & 1 side of the famous cheesy corn. My dad was in the mood for wings and they just happen to have  wing special, so he got 1 lb of those. The wings were probably the least satisfying of the food to be honest. The handcut fries were a hit because you can taste the freshness of the potatoes, and the cheesy corn is way better than any other restaurant (I don't even like cheesy corn usually). All of the sides are made in-house. All of this was $38!! And we still had some to bring home! I can't gush enough about this place. The service was great even though their hands were full with orders. The BBQ sauce was the perfect balance of sweet & savory. This harmony is no small feat considering how most BBQ is either too sweet or too salty. The price is great, you cannot beat the food (and I've dined at the BBQ bigshots in KC), the atmosphere is fantastic (clean, simple, great location), and the staff is eager to please. Remember to come hungry, order the burnt ends, and definitely try the fries! The ribs and brisket are fabulous too!! No need to go to any other BBQ joint now that I've found Burnt End :-)
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,6/13/2012,123,254,,4,5>This is a great place for lunch, but it is worthwhile to look at the menu on the website before committing to dining plans.  The dining room does not have a printed menu, but instead features two specials daily, as well as a quiche (which is served daily).  Lunch is accompanied by choice of tea (hot or cold) or coffee as a beverage and a desert.  The cost comes to $13.90.  The proportions are not grossly huge, but you leave satisfied.The real star of the menu is the desert.  My favorite is the little cherry tart, but everyone has a favorite, so it is worthwhile to come back several times to sample a variety of cakes and such (no hardship to the taste buds, but dangerous to the waistline!).  At the front of André's is a shop that simply sells the delicious desert delights, chocolates, and the like (as well as food that can be taken home and reheated).  Some of my favorite purchases include a bottle of the salad dressing (super rich, but very yummy), quiche (there is no better gift for someone who is stuck at home and doesn't wish to spend an hour in front of the oven), and the sweet rolls (which are best if reheated at home for a few moments in the oven before serving).
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,6/12/2012,19,21,5,7,2>Oh, hello gyro! What's that? You live in a gas station? That's ok. Some of my favorite things live there, too. Like Laffy Taffy, beef jerky and lottery tickets.But for realsies, in a city where the best BBQ lives in a gas station, why can't a gyro have the same fate? Papu's is legitimately tasty. The gyro meat is tender, but not greasy. Pita warm, soft and comforting. My only regret is inhaling the sandwich far too fast. Why not five stars? Well lemme tell ya. The tabbouleh salad was not my fave. Maybe I just got a bad serving (totally possible). But it was mostly parsley with not a lot of fixins. Can a girl get some bulgur and mint up in here? I will try again to be sure. The things I do for Yelp ... sheesh!The hummus is tasty. Pureed garbanzos are never a bad thing in my book, of course. It could have used some complexity ... garlic, seasoning, olive oil ... sumfin'! But this isn't to say I didn't scoop the last bits up with my fingers. I totally did. So come on in to Papu's. Get a gyro, get some gas (not that kind. grow up!) and stay a while. Or 'til your meal's done.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2011,6/11/2012,20,44,2,3,2>I'm quite glad I gave the place a try.  The eggs were spot on, the bacon was good, and the biscuits and gravy were exactly how I like them (well, almost,I added a lot of black pepper).  All diners like this that serve breakfast will get you pretty decent hangover food, and The Cook Shack Café didn't really have a lot of novelties on the menu, nor did they need them.  I'd say the food was above average, but the medium is the medium; you're not going to send me into orbit with eggs and bacon.They do use really good bread for their toast, a small thing, but I'm big on bread, so that went a long way with me.The coffee was good and hot and I was six hours out from the bar, so all in all I was so incredibly happy that I was being taken care of.  The vibe of the place is exactly what I wanted it to be, which emanated from the staff.They have a front staff I could see myself hanging out with who knew their regulars, and welcomed the newcomers just as warmly.  Maureen and Sara sort of tag teamed us (ha!) and both are adorable, chatty, and friendly.I was really happy with the pricing.  Everything I wanted was around $6.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2011,6/9/2012,49,57,,3,4>I love skyline salon!! I met Nick at my job and I thought he was the cutest thing ever. I asked him where he got his hair done and he said he was a stylist at skyline. I had previously read some reviews on yelp and was extremely excited to have my hair done here. I loooovvvveee the decor and the set up over looking downtown. I felt like I was in Dallas. Nick was booked up the day I went in for my appointment so I had Debra. She was super sweet and did an amazing job on my hair! I went in for just a wash and cut and my hair was so light and everyone kept giving me compliments. I also love the glass of wine while getting my hair done. I felt like a celeb for the day! =]. I even got a follow up call from the manager to make sure I had great service. I was more than happy to tell her how much I loved my experience. I have an upcoming appointment on August 31st w Nick for all over color! I defiantly recommend this place to everyone looking for a new stylist.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2011,6/8/2012,12,119,2,5,3>Went because of the reviews.  Was NOT disappointed.   This place is great.  Appearance The interior isn't the greatest because it's in a strip mall (the floor had some imperfections and my chair made a little bit of an annoying noise as I moved it over the hard floor to sit.  Being Picky I know, just letting you know.  They have done what they can to make the place look nice.   Had two TV's one in each of the two dining areas, weird but didn't take away from the place.  i.e. didn't suddenly feel like a bar.  FoodWe ordered a Thom Yum soup and split it between three of us.  The others liked it, but I couldn't get into it.  Seemed a  little tart.  Had some slivers of ginger that were hard.  I finished it.  Just not my fav.Ordered Gapow asking for it to be hot. (not Thai hot) Never had it before, but I definitively liked it.  Great change of pace over what I normally get at Thai Restaurants.  After the soup came out a little spicier then we'd thought a medium spiciness should be had me a little worried, but it had the right amount of heat.  The Thai Ice Tea was also tasty.  Try it out.  ServiceWent a little after dinner 8ish on a Wednesday.  1/3 to 1/2 full of people.  Greeted promptly and never were wanting.  With the soup as an appetizer our entrees arrived shortly after we'd finished.  Maybe others went when they had more business, didn't have an appetizer, or perhaps it has improved as I thought the timing was just right.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/31/2011,6/7/2012,27,81,2,5,2>Sometimes you just want Chinese take-out in all its greasy, spicy glory. When the urge strikes, I like New China Town. This place is convenient, well-priced and has a mile-long menu full of delicious options at you're-definitely-going-to-have-leftovers portions. My favorite orders are the spicy General Tsao's Chicken (usually with one or two whole peppers) and the vegetables in hot garlic sauce. If you're feeling virtuous, they have steamed veggies and tofu with your pick of sauce on the side. Although if you also eat the fried crab rangoons or egg rolls accompanying your meal, that feeling might not last long.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2011,6/6/2012,32,81,2,4,3>You're in the mood for pizza but not the typical delivery schmucks with tasteless greasy wannabe pizza so you check out yelp for other ideas.  You're in luck... Now, having lived in Chicago for over a year I tasted my fair share of the Windy City's most famous treat (well, next to Garrett's Popcorn but that's another review).  The owners of this restaurant ARE from Chicago!  So, what do you get?  Genuine Chicago pizza!  There are plenty of pizzas, salads, calzones, and pastas for your choosing.  You can even get hand-tossed and thin crust options now (which, I admit, Chicagoans wouldn't be very happy about).We also love to get the Dish's Spinach Dip with, get this, Fried Bowtie pasta!  Believe me, this is a brilliant way to serve this dish!  If you aren't feeling adventurous, you can get 1/2 pasta 1/2 chips, or all chips.  We also love the Dish Margarita after a long week at work!  You get the shaker and pour as you like!Now, we have had a few servers that didn't measure up but typically the service is great.  There usually isn't a wait but if there is, chill at the bar with a cold beverage for a while!The Lunch Buffet has changed a bit but is still a great and quick way to grab a weekday lunch.If, for some reason, you weren't happy with the meal, I would suggest talking to Mattie Ransom - the Co-owner.  She's awesome and takes pride in her restaurant!Insider's Tip: There is a Frequent Diner card which rewards you in $25 certificates as you earn points by eating here!  It only takes a few dinners to get a reward!
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2011,6/5/2012,49,247,,7,5>I am going to say that this was the best mint chocolate gelato I have ever had in my meager 26 years on this planet.  It was flavorful with shaved chocolate pieces instead of those stupid hard chips that get stuck in your teeth.  The chocolate actually melted in my mouth and it was so good.  They had a lot of different flavors including maple & bacon (oddly good), pineapple, watermelon sorbet, and pistachio to name a few that I wanted to try.  I'm sure they change their flavors regularly so drop in once and come the next week and they'll have different stuff.  I think this is a great idea to keep me coming back at least.  Also, the shop is quaint with a little patio out front and the owners are very nice helpful people.  All in all this is a great find of mine that I will be coming back to often.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2011,6/4/2012,421,655,3,3,2>The Bowles Dental Center now it appears, I started going here as a young guy.  Then it was Dr. McGuinty's dental practice.  He retired some years ago and Dr Pass took over the practice.  The sign out front still says Pass Dental; however the website indicates Bowles Dental Center now.  Dr. Pass is from England and had been partners with Dr. McGuinty for some time and took the practice when he retired.  I surmise that Dr. Pass has retired or is moving to a more part time role.Yes an Dentist from England does a great job with teeth.  I know it was a shock to me as well.  :)Regardless, I have always had great dental care here.  Now I know it is a two way street.  So I do take pretty good care of my teeth; however, they do an excellent job keeping ahead of any potential issue.  For example they use laser technology which can detect conditions which would eventually lead to a cavity and treat at that point before the tooth needs major work.The hygienists are also very good.  Kelly is my normal hygienist; however, I have had others along the way.  Kelly keeps up with what is going on and makes the visit pleasant.  Now I am not a fan of having my teeth worked on.  I always have images of the Marathon Man with Dustin Hoffman where he is being asked "Is it safe" by the dental interrogator.  I always feel at ease though I know I would not be if anything felt out of sorts at the dentist. Debbie who is front and center in the office operation greats you and gets you settled.  The rest of the office staff does a good job of processing your insurance and getting you set up with a next appointment and moving along.The center has implemented a text reminder service which I love.  You get a text message reminding you of your visit and a reply code to confirm you are planning to go.  This is great as dental appointments are so far apart they can be forgotten and if you change phones and lose your future appointments they will send the reminder via text. This is a good dental center and you will receive good care and have a pleasant visit.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2011,6/3/2012,57,252,2,3,4>Yesterday started off on the right foot, in part, due to breakfast at Ginger Sue's. I know I said in my last review that I'd order bacon, but I did not. I guess I'll have to go again, huh? he he he.I ordered the eggs benedict and was tempted beyond resistance to order the carrot cake pancake with dollop of cream cheese frosting. I am glad I did. The pancake was awesome! Perfectly spiced, grated carrots, dreamy cream cheese frosting swirl, and warm syrup...sigh. Oh, how long will it be on special and when can I go back for another (with bacon)? I do not know!I digress.The eggs benedict was ok. All of Yelpdom probably should know full well that I covet a poached egg. Serving an over easy on my benedict is a cheat I never condone. This faux pas along with too strong coffee has kept the fifth star in my pocket. I really like the chopped tomato on top, however non-tradtional that may be. It was a yummy addition. The star of the plate was the breakfast potatoes. O-M-Goodness! They are the best of their kind! Skin-on, roasted to crispy perfection, and seasoned with garlic, parsley, rosemary, and salt & pepper. Sounds simple but my Hubby said his fire station cook does the same thing and they don't taste nearly as good. What IS the secret?!  Hubby wasn't as happy with his biscuits and gravy. He was convinced it was from a package but didn't ask the waitress. He thought his blueberry pancake was too thick (they are pretty thick) and pasty in the middle. If they'd improve the coffee I would require restraint not to eat there every weekend.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2011,6/2/2012,102,158,1,4,2>Wow.  Another liquor store that I have been so quick to dismiss because of hurried trips for other people , where you are running in to grab one thing for someone else.  I finally was able to really look around for myself this time.  And I am pleased to say that not only do they have a decent craft beer selection (which I had noted in the past).  But they have a super gluten-free selection (including multiple cider options).The staff was very helpful, & we will be going back for sure.  They carry New Planet (which is a gluten-free brewery out of Boulder), so that seals the deal for me. I've been waiting two years for New Planet to arrive some place other than Colorado.The store itself is very inviting, with an open atmosphere for wine tastings.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2011,6/1/2012,78,17,3,3,5>I'm going to be completely honest and just admit that I sometimes go to City Market just to visit my charming old Italian produce vendor, because he calls me "belissima" and serenades me in Italian. I know, I know, not usually an crucial consideration when picking out tomatoes, but that's how it works for me.  Plus he's honest about the quality of his merchandise.  He always gives it to me straight, often deciding what is fresh enough for me to take home.  He once made me put back some avocados, because he said they were "bad bad". I'm really disappointed now that he only sets up shop on the weekends, because I usually end up going during the weekdays.  Maybe he'll expand his hours soon?  for me?The other vendors are not quite so forthright, but it's fairly easy to figure out what is good enough to eat and what isn't.  I try to buy in-season,  because I feel like you get better quality, and there's plenty available 'round here. Much of the produce usually isn't  in perfect condition, often having a few spots.  This helps assure me that I'm hopefully getting food that hasn't been doused in pesticides.  Thanks, I'll take some brown spots over chemicals any day! Lots of good stuff any day of the week, but I've found it to be an awesome lunch hour escape if you can't make it on the weekends, which is when most people go. And shopping here won't break the bank like Whole Foods will.  Just bring cash. (But if you forget, there is an ATM. Just ask.)
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2011,5/31/2012,70,92,2,5,1>I'm such a picky asshole that when my boyfriend proposed to me back in October, he did so without the ring (which was an EXTREMELY smart decision). I had never really given much thought to the type of engagement ring I wanted, but I knew I wanted something old and not insanely shiny. I knew Katie S. had found a beautiful ring at Lilliane's, so the weekend after getting engaged my boyf-iance and I went to check out their engagement ring selection.They had a number of beautiful antique rings available to try on, and many of them were within my fiance's price range (which I was a tad worried about since sometimes I associate "antique" with "overpriced"). The woman working with us was super patient as I tried on about twenty rings, and some of them more than once. I finally settled on a 1920s art deco diamond ring that I love more and more each day. The price was great and the service was even better. They resized the ring for free, threw in a cleaning kit and also gave us a great deal on my fiance's wedding band. It was such a great experience that I've since had them repair another diamond ring of mine, and I'm planning to return to pick out my wedding band. I can't say enough good things about our experience.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2012,5/30/2012,49,71,,2,4>How have I not reviewed this place already?  I looove The Brick.  It took me a good chunk of my youth to try the food there as I had for the most part only went there to support my friends' bands.  Since this tragic mistake, I have tried just about everything on the menu and all of it is mind blowingly good!  Not only is their food tastier than just about every other place in town, but it is affordable too!  It does not hurt that they have great beers on tap (again, affordable) but great specials for every day of the week too!Some of my favorites food items are the Breaded Provolone Sticks, Spinach & Feta Dip, Spinach and Goat Cheese Nachos and Meatloaf Sandwich (a house favorite!)If you don't mind a dive (I personally prefer it), then you should run, not walk and have your next meal at The Brick!
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2011,5/29/2012,45,115,2,3,3>OMG is probably one of the most overused text message abbreviations, but I'm going to use it anyway: OMG, I LOVE my hair!!!In addition to multitasking, my other big flaw is letting certain things (that won't have a negative impact on my life) go to long.  I grew up in one of those small towns where everyone gets their hair cut by their same hairdresser from the time they are born to the time they die.  Since I can't make it back to my hometown often, I went from April to August without getting a trim, and missed my last opportunity to remedy the "end" situation until December.  Enter Yelp and Robert Arriaga Salon.I called to book an appointment, and was able to get in at the time I wanted.  Having read up online about their stylists, I was confident that I would be happy with any one of them.  I was scheduled to see Sarai, and she was the perfect person to style my hair. I refuse to spend time styling my hair every day.  I need a cut that will look great after a quick wash and allowing it to air dry.  Sarai gave me just that. After a shampooing, she added layers and texture to my hair, and she thinned it out.  She also did a blow out.  I love the way my hair looks, and it feels so much lighter!  Although the cuts here may be a bit pricy, I left with my hair looking like a million dollars.  I'll definitely be going back!
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2012,5/28/2012,553,763,3,3,3>Thought we would pop in before a movie at Ward Parkway.  It was about 6:45 on a Friday night and the place was filling up.  It was mostly full of couples with toddlers...I guess those people eat early, maybe that's why I never seen that kind of crowd before.  There was a 5 year old behind me complaining that she did not like the cheese pizza (from the kids menu).  I turned around to see the pizza was dotted with feta cheese and a couple olives, definitely not the Pizza Hut special.  I think a small chicken gyro would be better for kids.As far as adult food, I ordered the chicken gyro platter.  This comes with a Greek salad, which is big and beautiful and fresh- but I would have loved a real fork, not plastic.  As beautiful as the salad was, it lacked dressing and flavor.  The platter comes with fries and there was a lot of them, cooked perfectly.  The pita bread was warm and deliciously spongy.  The chicken was in perfect strips (see pic) and the flavor was decent.The revolve different flavors of lemonade and on this day they had a lemon, apple & mango flavor.  It was incredible!  I could have had three glasses.  The owner popped out of the back with a new creation chocolate/lemonade.  The thought of this combination made me a little ill.  I wouldn't try it- because it was just wrong.  However, my partner did give it a try and the sour look on his face was to be expected.  I hope that will never make the menu.The place is super clean and cute inside.  It is in a strip mall and you order at the counter, which is loaded with all the Yummy products.  The lunch crowd will go crazy.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,5/27/2012,36,91,,4,3>This men's store could easily be found in L.A, Chicago or NYC.  But, this is an awesome men's boutique store found in the middle of the suburbs of Kansas.  I hope they find themselves down in the Plaza or the Crossroads soon, because that is where they belong.  The merchandise is well made men's ware, everything from casual to dressy.  The price range is on the higher end but the shirt and pair of jeans, both with the Baldwin label that I bought seem to have a matching quality to them.  The sales help was very good, but I was the only person in the store.  I hope people find there way to this store in the burbs to keep them around and make it an asset to Kansas City.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2012,5/26/2012,143,29,,6,6>I'm really torn. A lot of people have trashed this place in their reviews, and as much as I could easily jump on the bandwagon due to a couple of experiences, the vast majority of the time, this place has a charm to it that overcomes a lot of negative items that seem to pop up over and over in Yelp reviews. I am probably a little bit biased, though. You see, I live in the West Bottoms. My first experience with the Woodswether was years ago, when it was under previous ownership, and after I'd finished a bar shift. It struck me, then as a decent little dive-diner, and I visited it now and then. A couple of years later, I was walking the dog, and noticed a Guinness neon in the window. After dropping the pup off at home, I walked a block back to the place and went in to investigate. The idea of having a cheap bar within crawling distance from my house seemed dangerous, yet super-alluring. I could hardly resist. I talked to one of the new owners, who explained that yes, they had just taken the place over and gotten their liquor license approved for 1:30AM business. I hung around the place as the only customer, drinking cheap Jim Beam and talking shop with the lady for a couple hours. She was engaging and lovely, and I could not have been happier. Since then, the Woodswether has been our go-to spot for mega-hungover, breakfasts after the morning dog-walk. The food and service can be hit-and-miss, but ultimately this place is a truck-stop diner without the frustrating prerequisite of operating in a truck-stop. The food portions are huge, and for the price, pretty awesome. When the service is on, it's REALLY on, and like I said, it's just down the block from my house. I think that, for one who appreciates the all-American diner, it's an important stop on the map, based on the fact that they continue to do their thing with absolute sincerity, and as honest people providing the working class with honest food and drink. If you fault 'em for that because you expected something more, I guess that's your own problem.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,5/25/2012,31,184,2,2,3>I don't care who you are, the Record Bar is the best place to go outside of the WWI Museum in the entire Bi-State Area.  This includes NASCAR, Kaufman, Arrowhead, Art Museums and Riot Room.  I have never had a bad meal, I have never had a bad drink and I have never seen a bad show at the Record Bar.  Sunday Brunch is pretty tasty, the fries are top 5 fries in Town, and the owners are HOT and SEXY men who will treat you right.  Also they have the Cleanest bathrooms of any bar in the country.  Seriously clean.  It doesn't smell like pee or nothing.  So get your ass down to the Record Bar and tell em Brent sent ya.  They'll have absolutely no idea what you're talking about, but they'll pretend like they do, just because that's the kind of guys they are.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,5/24/2012,76,154,2,4,3>mmmmm! Maybe I decided to write this review because Im hungry, and Fortune Wok would cure my need right now.... Located off of 135th and Nieman, in a strip mall, its not very big but its very quaint, AND CLEAN.Plenty of flavor in all the dishes. What I love from here,Crab Rangoon  ($4.25)Egg Rolls ($3.75)Hot N Sour Soup ($2.50)Ginger Salad ($4.50) oh man this is good, feeds about 4 peeps.Wok-Roasted Chicken ($10.95) yum-oGeneral Tso's Chicken ($10.95)Added plus, is they have a Gluten Free MenuI like the lunch specials.... simply because its cheaper ;)Served daily from 11 to 2:30 every day except Mothers Day, psh!priced from $7.50 to $8.75 and comes with egg roll or crab rangoon, rice, and soup or salad.Soo my stomach is officially growling and at least I know what Im having for lunch tomorrow :)
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2011,5/23/2012,46,405,4,4,4>I am a regular at Blanc, the place is 5 blocks from my house and a stand-by when I feel the need for a great burger...This is not your typical burger place.  If you walk in expecting an upscale Mickey D's, you'll be disappointed.  The ketchup is made in-house and does not hit the palate well if you are expecting Heinz.  It took several years for my now 9-year old son to acquire the taste.  But now, it is his favorite place for a burger!Blanc has a huge selection of burgers that range from a classic steakburger to a Surf/Turf which is a burger topped with a lobster tail.  Other choices include mahi-mahi burgers, meatloaf burgers and kobe burgers.  I've never made a bad choice, they are all great!The onion rings are outstanding, boulevard beer battered.  The fries are fairly standard issue, but very tasty.Blanc offers a plethora of beer choices.  There are ~100 choices of bottled beers that represent nearly every variety that you might want.  Blanc almost always has the Boulevard special edition brews that are extremely rare.On a funny side note, several years ago Blanc was the first place that I was mistakenly identified as KC choclatier, Christopher Elbow.  The waitress kept pushing these Elbow chocolates that I had never heard of.  As I was leaving, the manager approached me and asked me if I was Christopher Elbow.  I had zero idea who he was which led to a conversation around Blanc serving these artisanal chocolates made by Christpher Elbow.  I guess the lesson in this story is that all 30-something guys with soul patches look alike to 22 year old waitresses!
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2011,5/22/2012,150,237,,8,4>This is the 4th salon that I've been to in KFC. My appointment was at 11am; I came directly from another appointment so I ended up showing up at around 10:20am. Instead of having me wait 40 minutes, my stylist took me right away. (Thank you, Amanda!) I made my appointment online in which they randomly scheduled me with Ryan...I got a phone call about a week later saying that he had the day off so they were switching me to someone else. I appreciated them calling and letting me know, but when I went in today; I saw that a "Ryan" was with a client. Not sure if someone had requested him and I got booted or he decided not to take the day off anymore? Slight annoyance but that's just me. For 1st time clients, they purposely schedule an additional half hour for a consultation that consists of a redundant, 2 page questionnaire; however, this forces the stylist to find out more about your hair and what you are/aren't happy with. Nice touch, Belle Epoque. My stylist, Amanda, was the sweetest girl. I have SUPER long hair and though I wanted to keep the length, some stylists get scissor happy once they see the mane they get to work with. Amanda assured me she wasn't like that (even before I said anything). I also told her that I didn't care for any sort of product in my hair and she didn't goop anything on, nor did she try to sell me anything while I was leaving. I wish she kept it just a tad bit longer but hair grows, right?  The salon has a parking lot a couple doors down, which is always a win for me. Who likes parallel parking anyways? Not I. Inside is cozy, yet chic and modern in it's own way without being pretentious, *ahem Skyline*. Thanks, Amanda and Belle Epoque! Instead of my normal once a year cut (because of my bad luck with salons), I think I've actually found a place I like! Oh, and I liked the chocolate on my way out =))). Yelp discount = 2 thumbs up. $1 "surcharge" = what is this, a cell phone bill? Is there really a need for a surcharge?
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2011,5/21/2012,15,60,,4,3>Grunauer had been on my radar for some time. German food and German beer are always a hit with me. We had waited for a special occasion. After much decision making we decided on a reservation at Grunauer. Arriving at the old freight house building, which has been beautifully restored, we found ample parking. We were promptly seated by the hostess at a nice, cozy table for two. The interior was beautiful: old hardwood floors, wood beams and the coolest main bar. It was made out of an old ceramic tile. It seemed not too busy for a Saturday night, but still fairly steady. Our waiter was very personable and helpful with menu selections. We started out with a smoked rainbow trout appetizer, a glass of wine and a cold Warsteiner beer. For entrees we had Bauernschmaus which smoked pork, a big fat piece of bacon and a bratwurst served over sauerkraut. It was all very delicious. The bratwurst was probably the best. We also had the Tafelspitz. This is basically a beef roast with potatoes and carrots. The best part was it had three very delicious dipping sauces for the roast. The downfall was it was still just a beef roast. We had to order spatzle and red cabbage on the side because our entrees did not come with said deliciousness. The red cabbage was some of the best cabbage I've had, very traditional. I enjoyed the spatzle as well. It was a little different from what I was used to, but it was still very good. I would highly suggest both of these on the side if they don't come with your entree. To finish it all off: apple strudal with real whipped cream. Who could ask for a more delicious end to a fine German meal?
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2011,5/20/2012,90,126,2,6,2>Instant happiness in a cup is how I describe broadway, silly, I think not. If you haven't been to broadway you may think that the statement is over the top and biased. No way, I like coffee and have been to most coffee places in kc. Nothing, and I mean not many coffee shops are even close to being able to compete with broadway. The barista's are so meticulous and take pride in how they make the coffee. The quality is pretty incomparable.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,5/19/2012,81,208,5,4,2>Happy Gillis was the first food we had after returning from Paris, and the only food we wanted (does that say enough?). Seriously my Saturday trips to the Hangout are religion, you cannot get a bad (insert-food-here) nor can you get crappy service. Happy Gillis is a staggering deal for your doller and as unpretentious as it gets, a true foodie paradise.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2011,5/18/2012,148,216,4,4,3>Tea, tea, wonderful tea!  I'm a tea junkie and Teadrops satisfies my habit.  Not only do they have a delightful variety of hot and cold beverages, including bubble tea, but they have a huge selection of loose tea for sale.The service is always friendly and helpful.  They serve lunch, although I've never eaten there yet.  I'm all about the tea!My one gripe is the hours, of course.  Yet another downtown business that closes at 5pm during the week...I think they're open until 7pm on Friday.  And they're closed ALL weekend.  I heard a rumor that they open on Saturday nights for KC Rep events.  But how the hell is anyone supposed to know this?  And are we supposed to keep a schedule of KC Rep events posted on the fridge to know when we can go to Teadrops?  Not only are there thousands of residents downtown, but I'm betting that a good chunk of people who leave the movies, or a show at the Midland or Sprint Center don't immediately want to go get shitfaced in the P&L but would rather go have a coffee, tea, or hot cocoa and wind down before going home.  Too bad!  There's no where to go!Wake up, downtown coffee/tea shops!  There are people who live downtown!  We like beverages AFTER 5pm M-F...even on weekends. *gasp*  I know.  Bizarre.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,5/17/2012,226,187,3,7,4>I've been meaning to go here for a long time, last night I finally had the chance.  I met some friends at the bar upstairs at the Rieger.  The bartender made us a few drinks that were not on the menu, then Ryan (the owner) came over, did a shot with us, and told us our table was ready downstairs at Manifesto.We made our way down the hallway, down the stairs (be sure to watch your head if you're over 5'9") and then to our table at the far end of the room.  Our server greeted us, as well as one of the bartenders.  My friends are regulars, so they were already known by name, they did ask my name and referred to me by name for the next few hours we were there.I started with the "Stay Wet" mostly because it sounded seductive and the waitress recommended it.  It consisted of a season infused Tito's Vodka, which was pear this evening.  It then has lime, lemon, and egg white.  Yum!  I asked what I should have next, the waitress said she was all about pairing and recommended the "Beautiful Red Bell."  I'm not usually a gin person, but I'd get this again in a heartbeat.  It was Beefeater Gin, red bell pepper, lime, and mint.  It's hard to describe the taste, but it was amazing.  Definitely would recommend both of those cocktails.Just as I thought I was going to get going, Ryan came over with a bottle of Mezcal, poured us each shots, one for himself as well, and did a toast where you had to look each person in the eye.  Kind of funny, especially for how dark it is in there.  I kindly excused myself after that since I had to make it home and get to work in the morning.Great place, very unique, great part of town, takes you back in time.  You can't go wrong here.  Bottoms up.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2011,5/16/2012,292,268,3,7,7>My partner called and made reservations at Westside Local to take Granny out for Mothers Day.  We arrived, stated our name and got the look of Who What Where are you sir!!!  Well, he had made it for the following Saturday.  Not what you want to hear when you have a hungry grandparent with you.  Without missing a beat, they made us feel welcome and found us a table to be seated at.  So nice.The waitress (which I regret I don't have her name.....though she is the one pregnant with twins) was more than fantastic.  Personable, funny, knowledgeable, attentive and professional.  Really, the best kind of waitress you could ever hope to have.  The attentiveness and slowness of the waitstaff had always been the problem for me at Westside Local, but as of my last handful of visits, that is a thing of the past.  The food was still amazing.  Fresh and flavorful.  The menu has gone through some downsizing but all of the favorites still remain except for my favorite beer that I had discovered here, but there are many more options for me to happily try til I discover my new favorite.  The atmosphere is still one of my favorites in the city and I look forward to some great spring/summer nights out in the beer garden.I think my partners mistake of making the reservation for a week later than what we were planning will not be wasted......we kept it in place and will happily return in a week to have another great night out.  Thanks Westside Local!
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,5/15/2012,182,367,,8,3>After a few weeks open, we gave Taj Majal a try.  We loved their southern location and rejoiced that Liberty would finally have an Indian restaurant.   I liked the crisp ambiance, but it did seem a bit bare inside at times.  The service was attentive, and the owner was friendly - even providing TWO servings of the normally free dessert to accompany our meal when we mentioned our favorite Indian restaurant was typically the one at Zona Rosa.The chicken tikka was tasty and my BF's butter chicken was on par.  The garlic naan bread was also very tasty.  I would say that the solid food, prices that are pretty much the standard, and the personal attention put forth by the owner means we'll be back again - maybe to try the lunch buffet next time ($8.95)
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2011,5/14/2012,30,97,,6,3>This stuff is seriously the best cup of coffee I have ever had.  I usually do not drink coffee, I had a bag of the Costa Rican blend and it had so much flavor and hints of sweetness that i did not need any condiments in this coffee.There are reasons why coffee shops like the filling station choose this place for coffee because its so damn good.I plan on using the bicycle delivery in the future because parking can be a little tight on 39th and Main.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,5/13/2012,109,117,3,4,5>OH.MY.GAWD! Great design, simple, rustic, charming.  Small menu (my favorite) .  Great prices.  I had the goat cheese salad ($8) and almost a whole pound of their steamed mussles ($8!!!!!...!!!!!!). My fiance had the maple crusted pork chop ($21).  Both of our meals were exquisite.  The mussels, uuffff, those mussels...did I mention the mussels?  Ok, I'm done. Sorry, they were just that good!  My fiance's pork chop was also delicious, great cut of meat about 1.5" thick with the bone still in. The goat cheese salad was served with warm croutons and the goat cheese was spread on the croutons.  It was such an enjoyable dining experience.  I think it will be tough to top the mussels at PotPie.Try it out, perfect for date night or drinks with friends! Then you can head out and grab a beer at Foundry or a cocktail at Harry's!
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2012,5/12/2012,42,73,5,6,3>I used to only go in here in the company of a lovely lady.  Then I started listening to my inner fat kid and started visiting to take a break from work and/or to use the 20% off they give you if you bring in a receipt from Chipotle or the Mixx.  This store always looks clean to me.  It's cold, yes, but... they sell FROZEN yogurt.  FROZEN.  Pretty simple to understand, I think.  Also, they have no control over the outdoor weather, or what season you choose to eat their product.  Moving on.They have more flavors than I'll ever try.  Right now their signature is a maple syrup bacon donut flavor.  GIven the '00s-'10s trend of talking about how much you love bacon, this seems like a smart move for them.  If only they could somehow mix in other current overplayed trends like cupcakes, zombies, and talking about how awkward you are they'd have a zeitgeist monopoly.The topping bar is very elaborate, with everything from banana foster chunks to whipped topping.  I'm sure there are healthy ways to eat frozen yogurt... but those probably intersect with communist ways to eat frozen yogurt.  So what's it gonna be?  Caramel sauce, or Stalin worship?Thought so.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,5/11/2012,21,97,7,3,2>Even though they reprimanded me for asking for Four Loco (DON'T JUDGE ME, GOMER'S), I'm in this place at least once a week.  They have every possible thing imaginable, including some pretty  obscure beers that I didn't even know were available in this part of the country.  The guys who work there know everything, and are friendly and helpful.  Even if they're caffeinated malt liquor snobs.  Whatevs. The new location is LOVELY.  Massive improvement.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2012,5/10/2012,54,211,,6,2>Ok, let me just say...bacon marmalade goes against everything I try to live by when it comes to eating. I'm no vegetarian, not even close. But I try to avoid  the consumption of gratuitous salt, fat and cholesterol whenever I can; and, I generally just don't care for bacon IN stuff. That being said...Bacon Marmalade is STUPID good!!! I wondered when I first heard of it, "What do you put that on?" Well...anything! Its salty, sweet tangyness (sp?) made everything we ordered taste even better.I got French Bread and Butter pudding. The menu says it's topped with apples, but the happy surprise is that they put orange zest in it, too. I loved it! Somehow they preserve the texture of the bread without it being dry. You get syrup with it, but it wasn't necessary. Especially when there's marmalade...My companions ordered the Breakfast Royale-chicken and waffles with ham and a sunny-side up egg, and the Stockyard Breakfast-eggs to order, potatoes, bacon, sausage and toast. The potatoes were a little pedestrian-chunks of potatoes that aren't overly crispy...but they're good vehicles for the marmalade!Service is friendly and competent, although the waitress had trouble keeping up with the speed with which I empty my coffee cup; she's not the first. And the decor...all I can say is it's what my house would look like if I had unlimited funds to spend on First Friday West Bottom weekends, and more creativity. I'll be buying more old s**t for my walls very soon-I've been inspired.It was a great start to our urban morning, and I'd like to try a Friday happy hour or lunch when I'm in the Bottoms for a horse show.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2011,5/9/2012,50,87,4,4,4>If you love America, you need to go to Hayes.  Too much?  Perhaps ... but there is something traditionally American about Hayes and the diner fare they serve.  From breakfast to burgers, the menu at Hayes is a step backward into time before before people worried about cholesterol.  It is just damn good food.  Period.I had a double with rings. Both were damn good.  It reminded me of summers in a suburb of Chicago going to the White Castle but good lord it is BETTER.All in all, I thoroughly recommend taking some cash and getting to Hayes.  They are worth it.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2011,5/8/2012,100,160,3,4,3>I found out today one of my favorite things is a fried egg on a Nathan's. Who knew?Egg + Bacon + Cheese + Dawg = Yankee PoodleThe name made me snort laugh. I had to get it. We'll be back. The friendly owner came by to see what we thought after our first bite and all we could do was make gargly noises.They also deliver within a 6 mile radius, and I just wonder if there is a minimum purchase for that service...and what time do you close...?
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,5/6/2012,30,269,2,12,6>Seeing a ROTD by John P. on Halloween led me to Conveniently Natural and seeing another ROTD today by Emily S. reminded me that I really owe Conveniently Natural an update to let you know my experiences with the weekly food delivery service.For three months I have gotten weekly deliveries of some of the very best and most healthy vegan dishes possible.  In this time I have found out about Seitan, quiona, tempeh, millet and much more that I have not encountered before or ever had occasion to cook for myself or my family.Each week's delivery brings four entrees and five sides lovingly and carefully prepared by the crew in the on-site kitchen at CN and dropped off at my house on Monday.  For the rest of the week, lunch or dinner (sometimes both) is less than half an hour from being ready for the table.  Heating instructions are on the top of the see through containers and trust me when I tell you that a peek at those beautiful orange carrots and sweet potatoes, red & golden beets, yellow and white organic sweet corn and squash, bright green broccoli and emerald kale will have me looking forward to dinner time.My experience has been that the meals are both nutritious AND filling.  I have found many, many favorites and look forward to seeing them in future menus.  But I have been advised that, on average, there is a six to eight week repeat on most dishes.  Now that is a lot of recipes!  With such a variety, I have not become bored with eating so many veggies as I have in the past.  On the contrary, each side dish makes about two servings so I can space them out during the week and not have the same thing two days in a row.Many of my favorite entrees seem to feature the pasta dishes but I also love those that have legumes and/or mushrooms and even the ones with tofu.  (I must admit that, for me, the "Faux Turkey" was an experiment I will never repeat.  But otherwise, I am very surprised at myself to realize that several days each week I have meatless days and I am very satisfied with that.)I love the dishes that feature Latin, Southwest and Mexican spices.  These all seem to suit my personal tastes To a Tee no matter what the other ingredients are.Each week's menu offers a dessert option for those people who have a real sweet tooth.  My favorite desserts have been the lemon cake and the Elvis cake (banana cake with peanut butter frosting).  But one of my secret dessert favorites wasn't meant to be a dessert at all.  That was the Pumpkin and Sweet Potato Soup which was creamy and almost like pudding.  Lovely and sweet!Overall, I would happily recommend Conveniently Natural to anyone that wants to eat better and more healthy foods.  I guess the fact that they are also Vegan meals is just an added bonus for this old carnivore.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2012,5/5/2012,728,115,24,13,6>I am lazy, the closest I come to working out is wearing heels for 9 hours straight and since there isn't a pole involved it doesn't really count.  After the Panama excursion and feeling oh-so-fat in my "tankini" and, well, being in my 20's and owning a tankini I decided it was time for a change and joined Kosama.  The initial evaluation confirmed my feelings of sluggish sloth mode when my BMI indicated there is an entire loose 30 pack of Miller Lite floating around my body in the form of unnecessary fat...*poking stomach* oh there it is.The first kettle bell class and I thought I was going to yak at least three times but pushed through the 58 minutes of sweaty agony to a sense of accomplishment.  Plyometrics got me down to barf-mode only twice and by the time Saturday crack-of-dawn kickboxing rolled around I was hooked.  I was self-conscious initially due to location - I envisioned the lean, mean unemployed cougars I see pawing at the wait-staff at Nick and Jakes in track suits.  To my surprise most people are equally as out of shape as I am so there is a sense of solidarity not mockery.  It should be noted I have only completed week one but find myself looking forward to the next class...shit did I just say that?  Who jumped inside my beer-loving couch-sitting brain and reprogrammed it with images of yoga mats and boxing gloves?  Will update in 7 weeks when hopefully I will have high-kicked half these "Mille's" out of my torso and my BMI reading indicates I just have a couple 40 ouncers to lose.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2011,5/4/2012,157,291,3,6,5>I'm going to admit to something I try to keep secret: I actually really enjoy going to sporting events. After hitting up 2 Royals games in the past week, I figured it was time to review "The K". There's not much about this stadium that I don't like...aside from the ridiculously over priced beer, but you'll find that anywhere. Parking is cheap and relatively easy (we lost our car here once, on our first visit, and quickly learned to make note of where we park!), there are plenty of decent food options, there's an area for kids that seems pretty fun (not relevant to us, but worth a mention), and I think the tickets are pretty reasonably priced. Another cool thing about The K is that they have event nights that promote local businesses and activities, such as the recent Tourism Day, where local organizations were able to have a booth advertising upcoming events. There were all sorts of businesses represented, from Ren Faire and KC Irish Fest to Schlitterbahn and Drury Inn. The seats are relatively comfortable (though the ones that are not in the covered sections do get HOT in the nice warm weather we've been having), and I don't really think there's a bad seat in the house. If you want to walk around, there are plenty of screens showing the game so you can still catch all of the action. I also think the fountains are a nice touch - Kansas City is the city of fountains, after all, so it's fitting that we have one at our baseball stadium. I also really like the Royals fans, as they seem to be genuinely nice. We were in for one of the big Cardinals/Royals inter-league games, and though there's supposed to be some rivalry between the teams, all of the fans seemed to be getting along just fine and having a great time, regardless of who they were cheering for. We'll definitely be back to catch some more games this summer!
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2011,5/3/2012,56,203,2,6,5>This building is the crown jewel of Kansas City, if not the midwest.Its design is one of a kind. Minimalistic and modern at the same time.  The spacious lobby features a spectacular view of the lower downtown and Crossroads neighborhoods.  There is a small bar area in case you want a beverage before the seating begins as well as a gift shop.Both the Mauriel Kauffman Theater and the Helzberg Hall are impressively laid out.  Acoustics and sight lines are  amazing in both halls.  Even the parking garage is well designed.The Kauffman Center is located in the west Crossroads neighborhood just south of downtown and the Power and Light District.   You are within walking distance of many good bars and restaurants that you can explore after the events are finished. If you want to leave right away, the exits are well laid out and traffic should not be too much of a problem getting back to I-35 or I-70.This is a must see. I highly recommend that you look at the schedule and attend an event of your liking. You will not regret it.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2012,5/2/2012,101,281,1,16,6>Well, I finally made it into Social on a Friday night.  While the bar was still not as full as I'd imagined it would be, I was pleased with it, in general.  It's much easier to get around in, unlike Missie B's where you're lucky to avoid the sweat of a coked out queen. Overall, I really like it, but I think the music could use a little help.  One of the DJs didn't know who deadmau5 is.  That's a little odd.  Perhaps I should plug in my iPhone?  Social has got all the right lighting and adequate room on their dance floor for people to bust out some moves, but the music just needs to be mixed better and a little more current.  I love the bartenders here, and the drinks are cheaper than going to other gay bars in the area. The owners are usually on hand to ask how they can improve their club... and they actually listen to your responses.  Social is definitely on the right track, I just hope enough people start frequenting this place so it doesn't end up like Lux.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2012,5/1/2012,75,225,4,4,5>This new place is pretty cool!Crossroads Coffeehouse has been my go to since I've moved here, but I can definitely see myself going to the Classic Rock Coffeehouse a lot more since it's within walking distance. The space is awesome, but I do find the atmosphere a bit confusing. On one hand, they have this classic rock/rock & roll vibe, but on the other hand, the majority of the place speaks to a cool and quaint coffeehouse type of atmosphere. Cool antique furniture, comfy looking couches. I could definitely do without the over-designed menu and the disco lights at the front of the house (last night I thought this place was a bar).  But other than a strange theme, I think I'll like this place a lot.Oh, how's the coffee? Can't really speak on that yet. Today, I ordered the Dirty White Boy, which is really a white chocolate mocha. Will get something more simple next time to judge their espresso.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2011,4/30/2012,202,441,,7,4>I attended the grand opening of the Waldo Farmer's Market with Rhonda S. and was delighted to explore through an assortment of organic products. I purchased some preztel rolls from Farm to Fresh Bread and some delicious goat cheese from KC Fresh Connect. Each vendor was friendly and eager to share samples of their product. Stacey N. was representing One More Cup and giving out samples of her flavorful coffee.Fresher than Fresh Snow Cones (the best snow cones ever!!!) will be at the Farmer's Market starting in June. I will be back!
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2012,4/29/2012,195,325,2,5,3>This place was really super.... the waiter chatted with us for a few minutes and never let us feel unattended.  The owner came by to ask about our experience and personally thanked us for coming in and invited us back.  Did I mention the place was busy?  Well, it was and they still made time to treat us like this.  I didn't know this area even existed (I thought the world stopped around Blue Koi) and it is in a little strip mall place.  It's small and very casual.  They made enough room to put a guy playing Caribbean music on a steel drum though...that was exciting.  Eating and playing "name that tune".  He played a special request from the Little Mermaid for some kids...So we got one of the specials, which was a Brazilian seafood soup and came with a salad and mashed and fried plantains.  The soup was like a coconut milk with rice and seafood and it was very tasty.  The salad was a mixed green with a light, but tasty vinaigrette.  We also ordered Camorones de Ajillo, which was shrimp in garlic butter sauce.  It came with the same salad and rice (they allowed us to substitute black beans) and sweet plantains.  We wanted to try an arepa while we were there and we went with the chicken and avocado.  It was not delicious.  It was more like a chicken salad panini. The chicken tasted canned.  So bland and disappointing.  Do not recommend.  It was pricey for a small sandwich.  However, the personal and friendly service made up for that one let down.  I'm still going with 5 stars because the overall experience and food quality was impressive.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,4/28/2012,80,254,2,6,4>First to review? Seriously? Very fitting, considering I have a crush on Westport Street Fare's big brother, Westport Café and Bar. Westport goers rejoice! There is now a late night option for people who actually enjoy high quality, delicious food, even after hours of drinking. No more will you have to settle for tasteless pizza, or mediocre gyros.  Westport Street Fare  (yellow and red food truck) is located just West of Harry's Tables. Look for the twinkling white lights that will lead you just into the parking lot for your late night taste of heaven. Westport Street Fare serves up the best ramen I've ever had.  I have never been so impressed with ramen before, although my experiences with it go back to graduate school when I was on a severe budget, and thought Applebee's was a treat. I digress...  The first frigid night I dined at WSF, we decided to try a little bit of everything. Owner/Creator/Mastermind Aaron Confessori greeted us warmly and described the palate pleasing items on the menu. I wasn't sure if I would enjoy ramen with Korean ribs and pork belly, but after the first taste, I knew I found a new cure for the cold winter blues (or even the mild winter blues!). The steamy broth was the perfect temperature, with the perfect amount of saltiness.  I definitely enjoyed the chunks of rib and ramen noodles, but honestly, I would have been quite content with the delicious broth! My only wish is that I would have ordered an extra serving to eat the next morning when I woke up. I'm pretty sure this dish would cure any hangover. WSF also offers a variety of portable foods, like tacos, burritos, tortas and quesadillas.  My recommendation would be to choose your filler first (chicken confit, mahi-mahi-, Korean short ribs, and spicy pork) and then decide if you would like it wrapped in a taco, burrito, etc.  We opted for the spicy pork taco and the mahi-mahi taco.  Both were delicious, the pork wasn't too spicy but had a notable kick, and the salsa was good too. I think that Aaron said that the taco shells were made locally, but it was late, and I may have imagined that. I highly recommend Westport Street Fare, either after a night of drinking, or simply when you are in the mood for some awesome ramen or tacos.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2012,4/27/2012,159,346,4,5,4>We decided to give The Boot a try on a Saturday night.  I love Westport Cafe and Bar and was anxious to give the newbie a try.The meat plate, Salumi Misti, was an excellent way to start the evening.  I could see getting just this and another appitizer and calling it a night.  It is that filling.I ordered the spiced duck with polenta and a parsnip/pear puree.  I have to say the polenta with parsnip/pear puree was the BOMB!  I could have just had a bowl of this and would have been just fine.  The duck itself was ok.  I wasn't impressed with it as I was with the polenta.  The portion was large enough to take some home for the next day.The one draw back is there isn't a wait station in the front.  We had to go to the bar to get seated as did everyone coming into the restaurant.  If you didn't go back to find someone then you were stranded at the door which became a bottleneck of people.Other than the odd set up to get a table, The Boot is a great addition to Westport.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,4/26/2012,23,129,4,16,5>After a mind numbing exdpedition through the mega mart that resides at the Legends, the last thing I want to do is fight more people to dine at any of the overcrowded, over hyped, and over priced dining establishments around the speedway.  So instead of drilling my head open and scooping some out to labotomize myself, I opted to make a 5 minute drive west on State St/US24 to Basehor.  There just off the highway is Kelleys Bar and Grille.   A little off the beaten path....just what I needed.I have heard a lot about this place, from friends that live in Basehor. Decor is standard small town diner, small and intimate, with a welcoming smile from all the emloyees.  Chicken Fried Chicken Fillet, with steak fries and corn was my choice.  Chicken was thick and juicy with a crunchy coating.  The steak fries were large and crispy, with just the right amount of salt.  Small chucks of ham adorned the corn, that resembled fresh corn cut from the ear.The steak was exceptionally tender and outshined the samples that we were served at one of the big name "in town" steakhouse recently. Potato was also fresh and fluffy.  Both meals were less than $10. Most of the other patrons were regulars, most being greeted by name by the wait staff.Ranging from older couples to a family of 5, there was all kinds of people surrounding us, but the place was pleasingly quiet.  An overall great choice for a quick bite, I think a return visit is in the cards.Menu ranges from steaks, sandwiches, mexican platters, and farm style dinners.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,4/25/2012,160,211,7,16,8>This is a tiny airport with no frills and no extra shine to it.  I love it.  Any airport where I can get checked in, through security and to my gate in under ten minutes is amazing to me.  I don't rate airports on nice coffee shops or stores where I can pay 300% more for everyday items.  I don't need to be coddled or caressed when I travel.  In fact, the faster I can get in and get the hell out of an airport, the happier I am.  I'd rather trudge briefly through a small crappy airport, than wander aimlessly around O'Hare until I find a shuttle, to take me to the bullet train, that takes me to the mine shaft, that takes me to my rental car.I think it is a little too bare bones for many Yelpers, but I'd take MCI over any other airport I've ever been to.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,4/23/2012,467,1371,5,10,7>Despite the fact that I think the time of the "professional reviewer" has passed in a world with Amazon customer reviews, Netflix suggestions, and Rotten Tomatoes aggregation (heck, I'm on Yelp, right?), I do read everything Charles Feruzza writes for The Pitch.  If I am particularly hung up on the place he visited, I'll tear it out and put it on my corkboard.  Anna's Oven has been on my corkboard for a long time under the title of the article: "The Saint of Meatloaf."You would have thought I would have gotten the meatloaf, no?  Instead, craving chicken, I got the traditional rotisserie chicken.  Despite being totally overwhelmed with the size of the serving and my sides, I apparently starved myself because 20 minutes later all that was left was bone.  Locusts had cleaned my plate in the person of me.  Yikes.Let's back up.You walk in to a warm greeting from the staff and a blackboard on your right.  Just like at Pot Pie and Happy Gillis, the menu is up on the blackboard, please.  Just read it.  Meatloaf, lasagna, mac and cheese, chicken, beef stroganoff.  Comfort food heaven (except for a lack of fried chicken, alas), but the menu, despite its stark white chalk on black background, essentially wants to hug and hold you with it's warm delicious goodness.  You let it hug you.  My friend had the stroganoff, along with some wine, of which they have a sizable selection, for having 20 seats and a small menu.Lovely start to a night that finished at the Kauffman Center for Mahler's 2nd Symphony.  If you want to spend a lot of money on dinner, don't come here.  It's really reasonably priced.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2012,4/22/2012,131,164,2,7,2>Spouting a similar point.  This place is kinda like going over to your hipster friend's basement where he has good beer on tap (+ makes his own)  and serves you a tasty burger. The burger is not gourmet.  It's not like a Blanc Burger or Beer Kitchen burger. It's not that thick red juicy kinda burger.  This is neighborhood. This is home-style. It's just solid beef, cooked medium with good cheese and fresh bread.  Not really different from what you can probably do in your kitchen if you head over to the artisanal cheese section and real bakery section of your local grocery. store.  Burgers are mostly $8 but the standard burger is $5. The fries are tasty. Fries are extra at $3 for a small and I think $5 for a larger. They've gave the right amount of salt and seasoning. Good to munch on with a beer. Buy a burger. Share a small fries. Have a beer with a friend at the bar. You'll get out for under $15. Not a bad deal. A nice regional selection of beer under $5. Nebraska, Colorado, Kansas, Missouri. The decor leave something to be desired. Honestly, they'd be better of throwing up some green lights and dimming down lights in the place to create some ambiance. Right now it does feel kinda like a suburban basement. Only one TV in the joint, but they'll change it to what you want.  They're obviously still putting stuff up and things together, so I'll leave some credit that they'll be improving over time.  I honestly like the spot. Lots of parking right there. Perfect spot to park, have a burger and then head into Westport for the evening.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2012,4/21/2012,209,539,3,5,5>Have a sweet tooth and enjoy supporting a good cause? Calories don't count when they are for a purpose, I'm sure of it! Cake lovers must check out the fun at the KC Cakefest! Held at the convention center and benefiting a local non-profit, The Whole Person, KC Cakefest should not be missed! Looking for a cake in the shape of a dragon breathing smoke? Or how about a 12 foot twirling princesses with an 8 foot cupcake skirt? Looking to sample martini flavored cupcakes or try your hand at cupcake toss? Seriously all available at cupcake toss! Several cake competitions are held throughout the weekend and it's well worth checking out! There are also tons of vendors for those wanting to get a little more adventurous with their home baking!
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,4/20/2012,153,77,5,6,3>AOkie Joes is the newest member of the KC BBQ Establishment and they are argueably  the best out of the lot.Been here (Olathe) a bunch times and it is always the same great taste.  Their speciality is their pulled pork but if you go on a Wednesday or Saturday you must get their burnt ends.  They are succulent little bits of meaty deliciousness.  They do not need to be sauced to be enjoyed.Their fries and rings are wonderfully seasoned and the serving size is ample.  One fry order is good for two people, unless you are a complete fat-ass.  My only beef, and it's a tiny one, is that they serve Hunts ketchup, which is just flat -out gross. Im a Heinz guy. If no Heinz at least have some House Recipe in reserve. In fact,  I judge the character of the proprietor for choosing Hunts for fries this good.  I really do. Ok, I'll admit that it is more than just a tiny beef. Hmph, digress..The dirty little secret of Okie Joes is they have a chicken gumbo that could pass as above-quality cajun in any southern household.  It's amazing.  It's perfect and affordable for taking to football tailgates and the such.  I buy it for my bosses birthday, at his request, every year.  He was born and raised in New Orleans.  It's that good.Last night we held our Fantasy Football draft (yes, I know how lame that sounds to you non-football fans).  I ordered their two-meat dinner.  It cost $9 and you get your choice of two meats, a side and texas toast.  It was so filling I had a hard time chasing a buzz the rest of the night.  I eventually caught that buzz in a big way but it took about three hours to do so, just saying..It's the best all-around bbq in this cow-town and it's very reasonably priced.  You might have to wait in a long line for it, but it's well worth that wait.  And the line goes quickly.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,4/19/2012,118,260,2,5,5>Shoal Creek Animal Hospital was built not too many years ago. I've spent a lot of time in the area, in fact living there most of the last 15 years but leaving for a bit, shortly after Shoal Creek Animal Hospital was built. The building looked amazing for an animal hospital and frankly, I felt like it was probably outside my budget.So a little less than a week ago, my dog of eleven years was accused by a neighbor of biting them. Never mind the politics and unfortunate events that followed over the holiday weekend before I could get my dog transferred to Shoal Creek to serve out her 10 day quarantine, Mousse was transferred on a Tuesday and within an hour of hitting the ground, she'd already been bathed and dotted on by the staff. She couldn't hang out with the other dogs but the staff promised they'd give her extra love and attention and in watching them interact with her, they were profoundly sincere in promising to take good care of her during this unfortunate time. They encouraged me to bring her bed and toys and made her and themselves available for me to visit her as often as I could. Biting is not within my dog's character but they didn't know that, to them she wasn't a bad dog who got into trouble, she was an eleven year old Chocolate Lab that needed care and they were more than capable and willing to give the best care they could. Brilliant work to the staff at Shoal Creek Animal Hospital. I couldn't say better things about them.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2012,4/18/2012,14,19,2,14,8>Local Pig is a charcuterie just opened by chef Alex Pope, formerly of R Bar and the American. It the kind of "butcher shop" that any foodie would love to have around the corner. The cooler displays cuts of meat that you won't find in the local supermarket, but very much like you would be served in the better fine dining establishments in the area.I took away a box filled with sausages, some small jars of stock reductions and a jar of pork with brie rillett (think pate). I haven't tried everything yet, but what I have eaten is wonderful.The location is in the East Bottoms, just off Chestnut Ave., near Knuckleheads. I learned the building used to house a Postal Station; it's just across the street from the Heim Brewery firehouse building, built in the late 1800's, which was in use until 1965.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2012,4/17/2012,521,843,2,5,5>Shutterbooth is so much fun, and I finally found their danged business page. It took me forever. During Yelp Help, I first became aware of Shutter booth.  People were lined up for a a long line, to get the chance to be photographed and get a free picture. Then, I found the Shutterbooth at Yelp's Electric Park. The pictures turned out to be like "Old time Photo shoots" with tinted photos produced. It's a pretty cool process. You get 4 photo booth pictures taken, that you can keep, then, later you go online, and see everyone's photo booth pictures from the event. You can reorder photos in other sizes. The pictures I have from the two events are fantastic memories of both.When the Shutterbooth is there,  it is so much fun. On their webpage, they apparently do alot of weddings, and charity events. I think it's a fantastic service! I do love Shutterbug, and I hope to see them again soon at another event.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2011,4/16/2012,255,475,3,8,4>Ethically, morally, Biblically, it may be wrong to give any place that serves free and ridiculously addictive tortilla chips anything less than four stars.Just sayin'.Furthermore, this place has a freakin' airplane on the roof and a crazy unique decor on the inside, making it a Lee's Summit, MO original. That said, I went here on a grey Sunday afternoon with a large group. We were seated rather quickly and our server was right on top of everything the whole time. The menu was large and included lunch specials. I asked the waiter what he would recommend for a vegetarian and he immediately suggested the spinach enchiladas. Several baskets of chips and a margarita pitcher held us over as we waited quite awhile for our food.When the food finally did come out, it was yummy - and I am really happy the waiter made the recommendation that he did. One less star than perfect as the wait for our food was really, really long... but other than that, this place will see me again!
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,4/15/2012,74,1211,1,6,7>The place was packed at lunch. The friendly staff had a gentlemen with the wherewithal to ask a lone diner if he would accept a table mate. The answer was yes so I had no wait and good lunch conversation. : )Fresh naan was served... and extra given to go as they were grateful for our sharing.Mango yogurt drink was poured, and just delicious and intoxicating. I LOVE mango!The buffet selections were standard, but all tasty. Standouts for me at Indian places are the various veggie dishes. I love cabbage, rutabaga, turnip, cauliflower, potatoes because they all absorb spices and flavors. You will always find at least two dishes here with some of these veggies in them, and I strongly suggest you not skip them. : ) Good place!
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,4/14/2012,43,55,3,9,9>A glass of Bordeaux for him. A glass of Cotes du Rhone for me. The pastry chef singing an acapella version of Lady Gaga's "Bad Romance." All signs pointed to a pretty fantastic evening. And it was. The ambiance (charming, cozy, warm) and the service (perfectly attentive, kind, knowledgable) combined with the food (OH THE FOOD!) for one of the best date nights possible. We started with the obvious - escargot. My boyfriend lived and worked in Paris for six months and said it ranked right up there with some of the best he's had. As more of an escargot novice, I couldn't imagine it getting much better. I could have licked the plate (after we sopped up the amazing buttery garlicky sauce with more than a few pieces of baguette). We followed that up with the Tartare de Thon (tuna tartare) which was equally as delicious.And then the entrees. We decided to order two and split them both - the scallops and monkfish wellington (puff pastry-wrapped monkfish). Not going to lie - I was extremely wary of the monkfish. The scallops were perfectly prepared along with roasted veggies and the best polenta I've ever had. And THE SAUCE. Incredible. The monkfish... well, it wasn't as amazing (to me... the boyfriend loved it). Again with the fantastic sauces. I ate enough bread soaked with sauce to more than make up for the portion of the monkfish that I passed on. We followed up our meal with a boozy coffee for me and Grand Marnier for him and were in a very, very happy place. I know this is a "special occasion" restaurant for many, but I encourage you to make it a "random Saturday night when I want to treat myself to something fabulous" kind of place instead. Can't wait to go back.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2011,4/13/2012,516,731,6,6,7>Long story short: The food was AMAZING, but it was still very enjoyable and I loved the patio out back.Long story long:Not long after getting out here to KCMO, Joi B. was having one of her first monthly CMYE/happy hours, and Blue Grotto was the venue of choice for such said event for August.Walking in from the front entrance and first impression from the bar area, was that this place was going to be a little bit more casual, almost a pub kind of feel, but once we walked through the dining area and then out onto the back patio, the "upscale" factor went up a couple of notches.  This seemed like the kind of place that you could come with a couple of friends, bring someone for their birthday, a "casual" date, or non hi-profile business lunch.  Nice open kitchen.There was patio like seating with a couple of gas fire pits on the deck outside.  It almost felt like hanging out on someone's nice back yard.There was just the four of us, but we grabbed one of the tables not next to the fire pit.  It was all pretty comfortable and within a couple of minutes, a server came by to give us some menus as well as take any beverage orders.  We had gotten there just before the end of happy hour, so there was $5 wines and well drinks.  I got a glass of wine, which I forgot what varietal it was, as well as a vodka and 7up.Looking over the menu, you had your typical gastropub fare: entrees, salads, burgers, sandwiches, a couple of fish dishes, a sleu of appetizers, pizzas, and pastas.  It wasn't an enormous menu, which is good.  It's one thing when a place has different types of dishes but like 20 options of each, but its another thing (in a good way) when a place just has 2 or 3 of a few types of dishes, then whatever they consider their popular item, have more of a selection.  If I were to open a restaurant, that's the model I would follow.  They seemingly are a little more known for their pizzasI decided to order the lamb sliders appetizer and the merguez (lamb sausage) pizza.  I suppose I was going for a lamb theme that day.  Joi B and the others ordered various items as well.  The prices on everything seemed to be pretty reasonable.  I believe we were still in happy hour, so the lamb sliders were discounted as I believe the pizza as well.  Even without the happy hour, the prices seemed reasonable for what it was.A few minutes later our food began arriving.  The sliders looked decent, nothing too spectacular, but not like things were just slapped onto a bun.  There came 3 sliders (or was it 2?), harissa, cilantro, pickled red onions, and peppers.  The lamb was pretty good and altogther, the slider really worked.  I could've had another plate of these and be happy.  The pizza had broken merguez (lamb sausage) bits, peppers, tomatoes, olives, and pecorino cheese.  That was pretty darn good.  I mean, I love pizza, so I'm not that picky, but at the same time I am sort of picky.  I know, I'm weird like that.I had no problem finishing it all and was definitely satisfied.  Service was attentive and with a smile.  Waters were never empty (which most of you know is a pretty big thing for me) and I had a very enjoyable time finally meeting our KC CM in person and being outside having some wonderful food.I'm definitely coming back here when I get a chance.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2011,4/12/2012,530,119,5,10,9>I have a ritual with Hi-Hat; I stop there every Thursday morning at 7AM before taking my kids to their school.  It's the "Daddy's Getting Gas" stop (as in fuel, dirty-birds!), and is certainly appropriate since Hi-Hat is nestled in the shell of an old cottage-style Gas Station building.There's nothing better than having good coffee in your neighborhood; and while I am lucky to live in a neighborhood that is near plenty of great coffee joints, Hi-Hat is such a novelty that it's very presence is enough to put it in near the top of my list to acquire the caffeine I so desperately crave, so damn regularly.Now, believe me, if the coffee sucked, I wouldn't find it so charming, of course.  If the staff sucked, I'd REALLY never go in there, cute building or not.  But the coffee is awesome; the staff know their trade, and they know how to treat their visitors.  It doesn't take long before they know your name, know your drink, and know how to greet you in those bleary mornings when you're fumbling to start the day.  So, this awesome combination of charm, skill, and flavor is what makes Hi-Hat such a great place....the kind of place that carries on the tradition of the service the building's always provided : a good, fast, friendly fill up to get you moving."Fill 'er up, Mr. Nemeth?""Indeed...make it a double."
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2012,4/10/2012,22,113,2,9,4>I have been waiting to try Fuzzy's ever since I heard they where opening.  Located on Wornall at the old Blockbuster's location across from QT, it is easy to get in and out if you use the light up the corner when traffic is crazy at rush hour. I was told by a area business manager to try the shredded chicken burrito and get some salsa on the side.  As my picture shows, that is just what I did... And with no regrets.  The burrito was large and stuffed.  The meat was juicy and well seasoned.  As for the sauce on the side, it completed the meal.  The sauce wasn't thick, but thin and zesty with a vinegar flavor and peppers.  I ordered mine to go,  the wait was short considering there was only one cook on the kitchen line.  As I was waiting, another patron ordered a breakfast burrito?  At 4:30 in the afternoon?  Wow... Breakfast too!  They open at 7 am seven days a week.  Who knew?As for the atmosphere, it has a sports bar and cantina overtone.  At least, I know I can watch the Big 12, March Madness NCAA basketball, Royals, Chiefs, and other sports with delicious food.  It is new, so I think they will be a success.  I can't wait to try Baja Fish Tacos Friday's during Lent.
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2011,4/7/2012,57,168,5,5,5>In the beginning, the Almighty created the heavens and the earth.  It was good.  Then somewhere between that time and Marie Antoinette, cake was created and it was very good.  So good that we wanted it all to ourselves which was both indulgent (shame on you Marie) and fattening.  Fortunately, someone created cupcakes:  tiny little cakes with all the benefits of a full cake you could have in one sitting.  But Adam (or was it Steve), said "you've been putting on the pounds" and Mini-cupcakes were born giving a burst of flavor and sugar.  Then, the whole aspect of creation was given to us, the people via the Cupcake Construction Company.  For those that want their cake and eat it too, each day a series of unadorned cupcakes are creates with a choice of frostings (check out the chocolate cream cheese) and a series of topipngs and then they put it all together.  Want to get all French Revolution on it?  They'll inject frosting into the cake.  A cupcake with frosting on the top, frosting on the inside and dusted with M&Ms, pretzels, and marshmallows could lead  to a revolution.Don't worry if creativity isn't your thing-they have suggestions as to flavor combos that will work best.  My favorites are the minis.  Inventive combinations such as Bananas Foster, Blueberry Pancake and Beer and Pretzels make for a taste explosion that's easy on the pocketbook and waistline.Come here early and come here often because the place is reinvented each day with a new selection of cupcakes, minis and frostings.  I haven't done the math, but you could come in practically every day and get a different cupcake.  As the seasons change, so do their selections.  I'm particularly fond of their Pumpkin Pie cupcakes.  Mmm.The cupcakes are awesome here but the cherry on top is a friendly and attentive staff.  Everyone we've met is as sweet as the frosting taking the time to make suggestions and just check to see how your day is going. You leave feeling great and it's not just because of the sugar high.Best of all they do custom orders.  We recently had a birthday party and they custom created a beer and pretzel cupcake that was a big hit.  Birthday parties, weddings, Bar Mitzvahs--they do it all.  They even have on occasions gluten-free options, but it's best to call ahead. Although historians have generally determined Marie Antoinette didn't say let them eat cake, modern historians will agree that "Let them eat cupcakes from Cupcake Construction Company" is about the nicest thing you can say to someone.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,4/6/2012,56,100,2,4,4>Fluffy biegnets, served in a soup bowl, swimming in a delectable, rich caramel sauce and a dollop of creamy goat cheese. This may be the best food I've ever eaten so it needed to be the lead-in!!I was boohooing about being out south and outside of the 7 mile radius in which I exist so it was suggested to stop at Room 39, Mission Farms, and see if we could get in on Saturday night. They were busy so we opted to sit at the bar since the energetic bar tender convinced us that he wouldn't say 'no' to anything we asked! DEAL!I have never been disappointed at a Room 39. I prefer the location on 39th street but after Saturday's experience at the Mission Farms location I will never whine about going back to that location. Their menus are slightly different but you cannot go wrong with anything they prepare.I was there, in Leawood, so I did order anything I wanted. The tasting option is the best anywhere. I started with the heirloom tomato soup that had a bit of pesto in the center. This was a full bowl of soup, not a cup and it was quite creamy and full of flavor. A meal in itself. I followed this with the arugula salad with heirloom tomatoes, pine nuts, prosciutto, with an untypical balsamic dressing. I had the halibut which was a smaller portion than the main entree size (thank God) due to ordering the bargain Tasting Menu. The fish was grilled perfectly and placed atop a medley of summer veggies with a heavy drizzle of creamy balsamic sauce. Everything was scrumptious. If you read the lead-in line you know what followed...food love!
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,4/5/2012,109,469,3,9,3>finally! I was beginning to think that our home was incapable of being cleaned well after one disaster (which I reviewed) and one decent job (which I didn't bother to). I was referred to Heavenly B Clean by someone who used them with a different company. realizing that the company wasn't being run well, two ladies decided to go off on their own. I'm so glad they did!they were a little late arriving to my home, but called first to let me know which made me totally okay with it (especially since the weather wasn't great and it can be a bit confusing to find my house). they more than made up for being a little tardy with the job they did! they really pay attention to details. instead of just cleaning around the rug in my living room, they actually moved my coffee table so they could pick up the rug and clean the floor beneath it. also I piled bags and boxes on my bed so they would be able to clean the floor. when I headed back in there, everything was back on the floor and our bed was nicely made. the few dishes in the sink that couldn't fit in the dishwasher - cleaned and put away. even better? they don't charge by the hour. they charge a flat fee (which is VERY reasonable, especially for the work they do) and take the time they need to do the job right. they were at my house for nearly 3 hours.if you really want your home cleaned well by two people who truly take pride in the work they do, give them a call!
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2011,4/3/2012,146,555,11,5,5>This is another establishment I have grown up with. I can understand why some people won't like it, but us locals love it. It is a step or two above Taco Bell to be truthful, but it brings back all the childhood memories. Do not except fancy food or the best wait staff. I went in with my friend David and we order our usual and the kid behind the register taking our order was digging in his belly button the whole time through the hole in his shirt. I know SUPER GROSS, but I didn't really care, he wasn't making my food, or so I thought.My food comes out with cheese on it and I go back up to have them remake it a few minutes later belly button boys comes back out and says, "I didn't want them making it wrong again so I made it for you."What he touched my food. Oh dear God I hoped he washed his or at least the finger that was in his belly button. I smiled and took the food, thanked him, checked for belly button hair. It passed inspection so I ate it and was fine. Thank you God. I know this doesn't sound like a 4 star review, but it really is. Taco Via is a KC icon. We all grew up eating this food and we love it.We used to walk up here in the summer when we were to young to drive and gorge ourselves on the chips, nachos, sanchos (which are my fav), and smoother everything in jalapenos and tons of little cups of sauce.As a semi-serious/semi-joke my friend Ginger and I had our birthday parties here last year. We are all 30+ to 40 years old and it was like we were all 15 again. Eating food, laughing, having a great time and  enjoying a piece of our past. There are just some places we will love in spite of ourselves.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2012,4/2/2012,34,85,3,2,3>Cute little children's book store, with a dark hidden secret. Brave past the brightly colored books for youngsters to the back of the store, and you'll find a doorway. Behind it is a veritable treasure trove of used literary goodness. My fiance was shopping for a gift for her nephew as I mindlessly wandered about. Suddenly, I found myself among towering stacks of paperbacks in a hidden little back room. I stood there, mouth agape, and took it all in. If you find yourself in downtown Lee's Summit, take the adventure yourself. You'll be well rewarded.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2012,4/1/2012,82,237,3,2,3>They've moved again to Crown Center tucked away towards the back ped walkway.The owners are a husband and wife duet that kick more natural ass then yellowstone national park.  We happen upon Sage and Daisy while taking a stroll by the lego exhibit at Crown Center. We saw parents shanking for their place in line and slamming baby strollers into midget children.  Wanting to get far away from the so called civilized show of child rearing we heading towards the exit and found Sage. I could smell their store from 100feet away and knew I couldn't pass without a gander.  I had recently spent way too much money on some "green" laundry detergent from an overrated organic grocery.  The detergent was irritating my skin and making me itchy.  We asked about their homemade detergent which opened a flood gate of knowledge i haven't had since my last Anthony Robbins event. We ended up buying a jar of dry detergent which equals 60 washes for $20. It sounded expensive at first but after using it, I'm a believer. My itchy crotch has gone away and I feel great! I must have looked like I had tourettes picking up every candle in the place and cussing about how good it smelled.  All their stuff is hand F@ck!ng made right there in the back of the store. That's right you little hippies Sage is the real deal and you need to put up or shut up.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2011,3/31/2012,23,44,3,6,3>A regular Standby for us.  Our routine dishes are the chicken scallopini or salmon, well done.  Never a disapointment.  Quite fond of winter meals at the bar with the fire glowing in front of us.We venture into the greater menu often. Especially the seasonal offerings.  Most always with pleasure.  The breads are always a nagging temptation while anticipating the delivery of courses, though we forego the "hummus" duo and opt for a plate of olive oil with a mound of fresh parmesan in it's center.The pasta medley is for now bypassed by me until some future when cross country sprints again enter my routine.  Previous ventures into such steaming pans from this kitchen have delivered equal measures of sublime, enjoyable and forgotten.In my experience, Italian dining with Slavic influences is still an adventure for my palate.  I feel fortunate that Lydia chose to make a part of her experience in Kansas City.Btw,  the mashed potatoes bring on guilt that must parallel adultery.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,3/30/2012,47,46,7,37,18>The best general tso's chicken I have ever had. Not kidding. ALL white meat chicken, great glaze, crispy, and tons of garlic and ginger flavor (a huge plus). The fried rice was tasty, the hot and sour soup was so good, tasted a nice kick of pepper and soy flavor in it. The soup came with crispy noodles (aka "crunchies") which were very good. The crab Rangoon was OFF THE HOOK AMAZING! crispy outside and big flavor inside! I got a diet coke with fried rice, soup, crab Rangoon, and general tso's for $9.65. Without drink it's $6.95. Definitely a great price for great portions. Very filling! I will be back!
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2011,3/29/2012,50,183,4,7,3>There's not much I can say about LC's that hasn't already been said. I waffled between 4 and 5 stars here, would have loved to give 4.5, but I figure what the hell. Let 'em have the extra half star on me, because the burnt ends are MIND BLOWING. I have yet to experience overly fatty ends at LC's as some other reviewers have commented, and I am pretty sensitive to excessive fat on barbecue--see my reviews of other 'cue joints for reference.LC's is a joint. It's a dive. The service is somewhat slow and impersonal, and they seem to charge higher prices or add some kind of surcharge if you don't pay cash. I'm pretty sure is in violation of the agreement they have to enter into in order to accept credit / debit cards, but whatever. The food is good. Real good. The barbecue gold standard in Kansas City, as much as it pains old timers and the Gates / Bryant's faithful, has been Oklahoma Joe's for many years. LC's hits it almost that high, but it's not quite all the way there, mainly due to occasional quality control issues. Minor inconsistencies, but things you may notice. A bad trim here or there, for example, but nothing like the egregious gloopy mess of fat I have been served multiple times at certain other famous joints. So, it's not quite Joe's, but it's pretty close. Close enough that I'll give 'em the same 5-stars. Brisket? Great. Ribs? Awesome. Burnt ends? Killer. Sauce? Well... the sauce is alright. I actually like it a bit better than most of the options at Joe's, but it's got nothing on Bryant's. Kinda sweet, kinda tangy, a bit thin for me, but it complements the meat pretty well.If you like BBQ, you can do a hell of a lot worse than LC's in this town.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2011,3/28/2012,28,132,2,6,3>We came here on the evening of St. Patty's Day, neither of us huge drink-until-you-vomit types.  The area that Café Europa is in (Crestwood) is adorable.  Sitting in the main dining room looking outside, you would almost think you weren't in Missouri, but some quaint area of Europe.  (I can only imagine, having never been there myself...)Husband and I both ordered salads, entrees, and desserts.  I got the Early Spring Salad, the Scallops and Risotto, and the Lemon Cake.  Husband got the Roasted Beet Salad, the Rib Steak Brasserie Style, and the Fried Huckleberry Pie.I thought everything was tasty.  The salads were both good.  The scallops had such a beautiful crust on top, and they were just delicious.  I ate every bit.  Husband liked his steak but there was just too much on the plate to eat comfortably.  There were a TON of fries on his plate.  I thought the fries were really good.  Husband thought the anchovy butter on top of the steak was too much.  I'm not sure what he expected from something seasoned from anchovies, but whatever.  I had no problem dipping his fries into the anchovy butter on his steak after I had finished my scallops and risotto.  I wasn't hungry, I just wanted to eat it.  Finally for the dessert, I had read so many reviews extolling the amazingness of the Lemon Cake, so while we don't typically indulge in dessert at restaurants (much less two) I felt like we should partake.  Husband wanted to see what Fried Huckleberry Pie looked like, so we each got one and shared.  The Lemon Cake was HUGE and so good with a cream cheese filling.  The Huckleberry Pie was basically two little empanada looking things filled with huckleberry filling with ice cream in the side.  I thought it was very delicious and not overly sweet which went well with the ice cream accompanying it.Overall, we would make the trek back, and especially want to try again for brunch.  We were definitely the youngest people in the restaurant (mid 20s) and I know people had mentioned that before, and maybe it was just compounded by the fact that we went on the same day as a huge drinking holiday.  The ambience was nice overall, though.  So a very good choice for dinner.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2012,3/27/2012,247,223,,11,1>This upscale restaurant has ALL entrees at half price on Thursdays between 4:30 pm and 6:30 pm.  Also a few wines by the glass are at discount prices on Thursdays all day long.  The chef, Thorne-Thomsen, previously was chef de cuisine at Michael Smith restaurant.  Where else can you get fine dining from an outstanding chef at a moderate price?  Find me arriving there before 6:30 pm on almost every Thursday.  The deal is unbeatable.There are bigger discounts on Sundays, but only for one entree and one bottle of wine.  You might want to call in advance on a Sunday to see what the specials are.  But I'll stick with Thursdays for more choices.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2011,3/26/2012,36,117,2,9,2>They kept the torch burning---much of tradition has been sustained from previous incarnations of the restaurant (both the good and the bad).If you can't make it down to the River Market to eat at the best place for breakfast---Cascone's Grill---take a trip to downtown LS and order up some eggs over easy w bacon.   Yes you'll get the signature cinnamon roll when you sit down, as well as a lengthy way (when busy) and no frills service. But it's a diner.  The prices aren't bad.  Your coffee will stay full.  And you can hear some of the local retirees complain about the President.  And, not matter how long you wait, you'll get your breakfast how you ordered---over easy (not medium) and hashbrowns crispy.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2011,3/25/2012,48,61,5,4,4>I am allergic to dairy, so when I want good ice cream, I seriously go big or go home.  While awaiting a show at the Granada, I hopped next store and grabbed myself a double scoop of blueberry cheesecake and margarita sherbet.  Man, oh man, it was some dang good stuff.  The ice cream was so naturally flavored and really set apart from the usual.  I wish I lived closer so I could peruse my way through the rest of their menu.  My only complaint is the ordering process was kind of confusing, hence the 4 stars.All in all, it was more than worth the stomach ache that ensued.  I would endure more stomach aches for you, Sylas and Maddy's, I really would.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2011,3/24/2012,23,76,5,3,4>The thought of Saturday night at a place like this holds such a special place in my heart that it brings me to tears.  Cold beer, an almost comical mix of people, and a jukebox full of songs just begging for face-melting air guitar solos.  Now I am well-known for my frequent and skilled Belvedere consumption and I never travel without a bottle of red (or at least a corkscrew and the address of the nearest liquor store), but I find something so charming about a place that I wouldn't dare order either of those things.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2012,3/23/2012,95,53,,9,6>Hiding in plain sight in an ordinary strip mall, this place is a find.I usually get the Royal Almond Chicken, in all of its almond-crusted sweetness. But I am doing the veggie thing this month, so I went with the Ginger Tofu. I might have a new favorite. Great sauce.One of my favorite things about this place is the spicy soup they bring you to start, with just a little bit of veggies and a sliver or two of tofu. Such a nice, flavorful first course. I've never introduced anybody to this place who didn't rave about it.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2011,3/21/2012,57,364,8,7,5>We hit The Rieger on Saturday. The third, and final, of what had been a fatty-pig-fatty birthday celebration week. I saved the very best for last.We had reservations and our party of 7 was seated immediately in the large party room off the main dining area. Our server promptly introduced himself and as he was pouring the water and taking drink orders, broke the news to Trophy Husband that you actually have to have a separate reservation for Manifesto and as they were booked solid, our chances of an after dinner drink in the basement were slim to none. Well drat. Oh well, live and learn.We ordered wine. And a few cocktails. Everything was excellent. Appetizers were ordered. There were crisp green salads topped with all manner of fun things, pasta with tuna and pasta made of cheese. I had the Butter Lettuce with herbed goat cheese, it was perfectly dressed. Trophy Husband had the Gruyere Gnocchi (it's available as an app or entree), to DIE for I tell you. I felt terrible stealing a bite of his little pillows of goodness, there were so few on the plate. They were wonderful, each gnocchi had the lightest, crispy, golden brown shell that burst into creamy goodness in your mouth. Wow, that got a little graphic...More wine and drinks were ordered. At this point I began drunk texting myself notes so I would have the material to write up this experience in all of the detail it truly deserves.There are certain things that I don't eat. Lamb is one of them. I'll have an occasional gyro but that's it and I feel terrible about it. I just don't agree with it. I'm not going to deny anyone their rack of lamb, just don't insist that I try it. I have similar feelings about rabbit. Rabbit Pot Pie is on the menu and Trophy Husband ordered it. When the entrees arrived  it was instantly decided, table wide, that anything cute and cuddly must also be delicious. This decadent pastry topped dish will have you ready to string Bugs Bunny himself up on a spit. The rich, creamy sauce spiked with veggies and bits of yummy, yummy bunny coated your mouth and each bite had to be in the neighborhood of 400 calories. I ordered the Halibut special. Halibut must also be adorable because the special was other worldly. It just melted right in your mouth. I'm sure there was a whole stick of butter in the accompanying pea puree and I must learn to roast cauliflower STAT.Another bottle of wine and more drinks. Someone ordered the Prosecco. It was crisp and bubbly, not sweet at all even though it's described that way. The Tawny Port was passed around, flavors of caramel, nuts and honey. Death in the Afternoon arrived with a "horse-knuckle" of lemon rind floating in the soft, green liquid. It smelled like Lemoncello and tasted like licorish dipped in basil. The 7 of us passed plates and drinks until all of the dishes were clean an then ordered a single dessert to share. I know, it's a little weird but trust me, we do this all the time. I can't remember what it was called, my drunk-texting is pretty bad at this point, but it was a large domino of the planet's richest chocolate ganache topped with caramel and served along side a scoop of horchata ice cream. Just let it melt in your mouth all together and start planing a return to this fabulous restaurant.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,3/20/2012,222,511,5,4,5>Have you ever seen a crack addict and the way they'll do anything for some crack? Well, meet my dog. He's pretty much like a crack addict when it comes to the doggy snacks at Just Taffy.Ok, so this place isn't really a dog store at all. It's actually a candy store where they make their own taffy. They also have cotton candy and other type of sweet treats. There's also an odd selection of honeys from up north. The space feels big and empty overall and I'm not sure why they don't add some shelving up the middle so they can sell more stuff.Anyway, the guy that runs this place also works for a place that makes doggy snacks. He gets extra and brings them in here and offers them for free. Places like Three Dog Bakery are great but my dog seriously goes gaga nuts over the snacks from here. I'm sure he'd prostitute himself for a "corn" or "carrot" from this store. I've never seen him so willing to do just about anything for a snack.I always feel bad because I don't tend to go to candy stores since I don't eat that stuff much at all. I'll get a drink or something and put down a few extra dollars for the doggy snacks.If you do Independence Sq movie night, stop by and get a snack to munch on while watching your movie.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,3/19/2012,6,97,5,6,7>Went here for dinner with a girlfriend a few weeks after they opened. Man it was busy! We had a bit of a wait at the bar to get drinks just because it was so packed. Eventually some nice gentlemen gave us their seats at the bar. We had sangria while we waited which was good. We ended up being sat on their all-seasons patio area which was enjoyable. There are windows that can open for when it's nice and it also has an AC unit and I think heaters, but it wasn't cold that day so I'm not sure. We ordered the bruschetta and I'm glad we only got one order! Holy cow it's huge and definitely enough for a table of 4 to split. You get 4 pieces of french bread that are themselves cut into 4 pieces. My favorite was the salmon with dill cream cheese, and the prosciutto with figs and marscapone was also delicious. I had the Croque-Monsieur and it was disappointing because it was kind of just thrown together (stuff was falling out) and it was soggy (most likely from a hot sandwich being set on a ceramic plate). I'll definitely go back because I enjoyed the atmosphere and food other than my entree choice. I'll choose better next time! Some people on here are complaining that it doesn't cater to kids. In my opinion, that's what makes it great. Let me enjoy my sangria without your toddler screaming.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2012,3/18/2012,339,655,,8,7>Want to hide in trenches? CHECK! Want to check out old artillery pieces and tanks? CHECK! Want to enjoy a museum that is underground? CHECK MATE!LOVE this museum. It's my favorite military museum world wide that I have been to. With a beautiful park/grounds above with Egyptian style architecture of old and obelisks to the large museum below with many interactive exhibits, this definitely has the WOW factor going on. I had friends and family that were not military history oriented (as I am) and they still enjoyed it. This is well worth the money and at least 2 hours of your time. Bring the camera if it's a nice sunny day above as the grounds & architecture are gorgeous. Also, if you stick around at night, you can take a photo of the Liberty War memorial all lit up. Of note, I wouldn't pay for the money to head up into the tower. It's not all that, but the museum itself is quite amazing and unrivaled in the Americas. This is truly a memorial to a war long forgotten and rarely talked about.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,3/16/2012,47,16,2,9,6>This past summer I had decided I wanted to move down to the Rivermarket area.  After looking at a variety of places during my initial search nothing really jumped out.  By the end of the 'apartment hunting' day I was down to my final tour(Market Station). All it took was a quick look around model room and seeing the options available and my decision was all but made.  The staff here is very professional, friendly and helpful and made a usually stressful process easy.  So far it's been a great experience.  The apartment itself has a new, modern feel and a spacious layout for a 2 bedroom.  I have yet to have any maintenance issues either.  Management also does a good job keeping you up to date with any happenings that will affect you as a resident.The amenities include covered parking, washer/dryer in room, pool and a gym among other things.  If you're looking to move to the Rivermarket I would recommend checking this place out.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2012,3/15/2012,82,53,2,10,7>As part of the 30 day vegetarian challenge, I'm writing my first review on a place I visit regularly.My review would echo much of what others have said, both the good and the bad.The good? The beer selection is top-notch and changes regularly. I sometimes take this for granted and go with old standbys, but there is always something unique to try. Often Grinders will be one of the only ones in the metro with a certain beer available. The decor is clearly inspired by the eclectic sculptor-owner Stretch. Walls are covered with random posters, paintings, cut-outs and assorted knick-knacks. Until recently, when the aging floor was replaced with new hardwood, holes in the original floor were patched with road signs. It is a visual experience that signals that you ain't in just any pizza joint. Mix in the tatooed staff, never-expected music selection and the periodic deafening roar of cooks chopping cheesesteak meat on the grill and you've got something decidedly different going on.The location is still a little bit tricky. There is no reason to feel unsafe in this area, but Grinders is still a bit of an island in the mercurial "east Crossroads" area. When it first opened, I hoped it would be the hub for the emergence of a less-pretentious, hipster friendly Crossroads, but not much in this area has changed. On First Friday, it has the feel of the earliest days of First Friday, but on most days it remains quiet.The food? That's the best part. Everything I've had is excellent. Since I'm focused this month on vegetarian options, I will speak mostly to the pizza, which I usually get with mushrooms and some other gourmet veggie toppings. I consider it among the best pizza in KC, with a thin, almost-cracker crust, lightly applied but zesty sauce, creamy cheese and sprinkled toppings. On Sunday, slices can be had 2-for-1, which has to be the best deal in the neighborhood. Because of this, though, the quality can be a little inconsistent. Because the slices are thin, proportions are important. The wrong amount of cheese or sauce, or a minute too long in the oven and your slice is sub-optimal. To ensure the proper pizza experience, order an entire pie.And the bad? It really is just the inconsistent service. It has gotten much better in the last year, when they noticeably made it an area of focus, but there are still times when waits can be long and attitudes can be indifferent. Sometimes it is part of the charm but not when you want to put pizza in your belly in short order.All in all, though, I am excited to have Grinders downtown. It is uniquely Kansas City, delicious, hip and and experience not to be missed.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2011,3/14/2012,28,134,2,3,2>I've heard about Pierpont's for several years but finally got a chance to try it last night and man I was not disappointed. Since we had never been there my girlfriend and I decided to do the 4 course small plates tasting ($36.95/person). I went with the crab cake, the bisque, a stip steak, and the creme brulee. The crab cake was delicious and had a great ratio of crab to other ingrediants. It was very light and I love biting into a crab cake and tasting large chunks of crab. The bisque...that was the best part of the meal. I only tried it because of all the rave reviews of it on Yelp. At this point I don't even have words to describe it...heavingly awesome is best I can come up with. I begrudgingly allowed my girlfriend to try it (I'll admit it, I didn't want to share) and she thought it was ok (which I consider a "thumbs up" since she doesn't like crab). My steak came out a perfect medium rare. It was very tasty but lacked something like a sauce. Thinking back on it I should have opted for the filet pierpont for an extra $2. The creme brulee had a nice thick crust on it and the fresh berries were a perfect compliment to the creaminess. I think that the 4 course meal is the way to go for the price. Some of the menu items cost more than that just by themselves but we were able to try a little bit of everything. And yes they are smaller portions but I still walked out of there feeling full. The atmosphere is very romantic and quiet. Our server seemed to on the "newer" side but she still gave us excellent service. All of the courses were very well timed which is something I really appreciate. As a former waitress I know how hard it can be to get the course timing right. There is nothing I hate worse than having your entree come out when you are still in the middle of an appetizer.  Normally I don't frequent "fancy" restaraunts like this just because of how expensive they are and I am more of a "beer and a burger" type of girl however I was very impressed and would definitlely go back to Pierpont's for a special occasion or anniversary.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2011,3/13/2012,103,158,5,7,9>This is a private club ($10 application fee) with a full-on smoking environment.  The owner waved the application and fee the first time I stopped in here so I could check the place out.  The bathrooms are clean, the bar is big, plenty of games, a loud jukebox, and big stage for the band with an in-house PA.Ice cold $2 domestic pints all day every day.  Very reasonable liquor prices.  The clientele is exactly what you would expect in a place called "Roadhouse".  With that said, most of these folks are KC natives...talk local college or pro sports and you will never run out of people to talk to.  They have a KU bus outside that I assume shuttles folks to the games.Bottom line, I paid the $10 to become a member (I don't smoke).  They know me by name when I walk in the door, I get an ice cold brew in my face as soon as I sit down, they crank my music on the juke box, and thanks to Rick, Taco, and their staff, I feel right at home.  The perfect pit stop on my way home from work!  A very cool spot where you can get loose, talk shit, and relax.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2011,3/12/2012,532,417,,5,5>I ate here recently because of a Groupon. I bought the Groupon because Frida's has mole on their menu, one of my all time favorites. Warning: You won't find Tex-Mex here...it's legit, authentic Mexican and it's amazing!I can't say enough great things about this place. The service was top notch. Ivan, one of the owners, waited on us. He took time to review the menu with us, help us decide what to order and even tell us a few background stories on how some dishes were born. He took fabulous care of us all night.The food was delicious, especially the mole. It reminded me of the mole I fell in love with when I was living in Mexico. To end the night was tried the corn milk chocolate ice cream, talk about creamy, goodness! Ivan gave it to us on the house to celebrate our wedding anniversary coming up the next day.We'll certainly be back here because so many dishes sounded tempting. And now that we know the food and service is stellar, we're inviting our friends too.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2011,3/11/2012,101,16,,7,4>On Nomenclature: If you're going to call yourself the wizard of something, you'd better be damn good. Don't call yourself "Football Wizard" if you're Tyler Palko. Luckily, Tamale Wizard is just that.The tacos I had were epic: cinnamon pork with potatoes and chicken with goat cheese and apples. I had their chile peanut sauce on both. The handmade corn tortillas were really tasty, and the fillings were even better. The cinnamon pork was really earthy and good, akin to a mole. The pork was super tender and delicious.  The chicken taco was really amazing. The chicken itself had a TON of flavor and wasn't the least bit dry (which was my worry). The goat cheese and apple really came through with some brightness, and the addition of the chile peanut sauce was perfect. I think the only thing keeping it from a 5 star is that the green rice was fine, but definitely didn't shine next to the tacos. The smoky pinto's were also good, but nothing to write home about, but it was a ton of food for under $10, which can be a challenge downtown. After talking to the owner, I am excited to go back, as he plans on having a frequently rotating menu. He told me that he's constantly trying to keep things interesting, as well as a month out from his liquor license, which will feature rotating craft beers. I think they'll outgrow their space within the next 12 months if the food stays as good, and he does some great beers.
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,3/10/2012,38,135,,4,4>A delightful lunch place thanks to fellow yelpers! The girl working here couldn't be sweeter. My friend and I shared the spicy tuna roll and  mandoline special which comes with two of my favorite things: spicy mayo and avocado! Chips were only 50 cent with the sandwich which was reasonable priced. We had a good time here and I will definitely come back. The only confusing thing is the cafe shares a door with the art gallery next door. So you have to walk in the gallery and turn to the right. Next time I will definitely try the Korean tacos and rice bowls.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2012,3/9/2012,41,66,4,4,6>Alright, I may be a little biased since I have called this neighborhood home for about the past 10 years!  I love Kansas City as a whole, and there are many fine neighborhoods, but Waldo is a perfect fit for me, and here is why:Location - I can be in mid-town in about 10 min. or so, and downtown in 20 for sure.  I can hop over on to 71 easily in order to head north to visit my sister, or be at my Mom's in O.P. in about 15 min.  Nothing is terribly far, and there is plenty going on in the neighborhood to keep me around these parts too.Businesses/Services - We have great restaurants, bars, coffee shops, bike shops, barber shops/salons, lamp shop, thrift stores, and more!  An interesting thing about Waldo is that there is generally at least two shops to service any need - we have multiples of things listed above + vacuum repair places, rug cleaners, tattoo parlors and used car lots.  Need drums?  Go to Explorers!  Need a tarot reading?  Go to that place right on Wornall that feels like you may never leave if you enter!  Is fast food your deal?  We've got plenty of that too, but I would much rather see you go to one of our many local restaurants.  So much deliciousness to be had.  Character - There are certainly similarities among some of the houses, but I have never seen any two that look the same.  On a street you may see a classic Dible tudor, a bungalow, a beautiful multi-story frame house, or an interesting pieced together shack.  I love taking walks, and soaking in all of the houses, people, plants, and happenings.  An eclectic mix of folks live in Waldo for sure.   Events - Waldo is host to many unique events: the Fall Festival, Bacon Fest, a beer festival, Waldo Crawldo, movie showings in Tower Park, and on!  Plus, if you live around here, many blocks host an annual block party.  It is so much fun to kick it in the middle of the street on your block, grill, chat with neighbors, watch kids play, and have a beer.Okay, I've probably bored you to tears.  Just come find Waldo, okay?  Lots of history, The Waldo Boys don't roam the streets any more (my Dad grew up in KCK, and talked about the tough Waldo Boys when he was growing up!), fun nooks and crannies to explore, the Trolley Track Trail, and...more!
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2012,3/8/2012,23,79,2,5,3>The outside of this restaurant is very decieving compared to the inside. I have to say I was not to thrilled about eating here when we pulled up, but I figured what the hell I will trust my fellow Yelpers and see what this place has to offer. Low and behold all of you were right about this place being fabulous. The inside is decorated beautifully and definetly has an Asain vibe. For our first time we decided to sit down in a booth instead of at the bar, only because we were not to sure of how our reaction to the flavors would be. Well we easily could have just hoped on up to the bar because this sushi was AMAZING!!!Ok quickly I would like to mention that our waiter was awesome. He really knew some good sushi to recommened. He also was very attentive to refills and making sure that we had enough food.Now to the best part, THE SUSHI!!!! We ordered three rolls which was plenty of food for the two of us. We got the Rock-n-Roll, the Spider roll, and the Tropicana roll. I really wish that I was smart enough to have written down what was in each roll so all of you could see and make a educated decision about these rolls. However, I guess you will just have to take my word. The Rock-n-Roll was definetly my favorite. It had tempura, white fish, crab, mayo, and avacodo, I do believe and this is kind of my ultimate combination when it comes to sushi. The Spider roll is definetly kind of crazy. Two of the pieces have the crab legs sticking out and I was definetly skeptical about putting that in my mouth. I did do it though and I do not regret it. It was faboulous, it was one of those foods that you eat that you fell super healthy eating. Finally the Tropicana roll was like a dessert sushi. This sushi was tempura fried shrimp, crab meat, mango, and avacodo wrapped in a soy paper with raspberry sauce. I definetly would recommened this for an end of meal finish.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2012,3/7/2012,45,81,3,5,5>First let me tell you about 2 of my favorite things at Harry's Country Club:1. The ladies bathroom. It's filled with photos of men's buns. Hot little booties of sexy guys, sometimes in their undies. Applause please!  Makes me smile everytime2. The large painting over the bar of the naked woman in a headdress. So wonderful & eye-catching.Although these could sound in poor taste, let me assure you they are not.  Harry's is a class act.  It's a welcoming, comfy place to gather with friends or family for some drinks or food. Decor is an homage to the good 'ol days goneby. Lots of pictures, signs & treasures to keep your eyes entertained. Service is friendly.Their beer & liquor selection is unmatched in KC.  They have a multitude of options of whatever liquor suits your pleasure, at every price point, whether it be mezcal, rye whiskey, scotch, etc...Tons of beer options too.  I'm getting thirstyGood happy hour specials on food & drinks M-F 3-7 & Sat 11-7. Food is mostly straight forward american fare with a few tex-mex & italian offerings.Fish tacos are my fave & they've got 'em!  Soft flour tortillas with grilled tilapia, cheddar & jack cheese, shredded lettuce & pico de gallo served w/ Spanish rice & chipotle sour cream. This is a hearty helping of 3 fish tacos. I prefer grilled to fried fish & these chunks are well seasoned w/ a peppery kick. Always extra points for chipotle sour cream.  Spanish rice had good flavor & salsa is simple. I'm a fan of these fish tacos. The live music offerings on the patio when the weather is nice make for a charming evening.Pull up a bar stool or chair & settle in for a nice time at this modern saloon.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,3/6/2012,35,196,,15,3>Tucked away in a strip mall in Lee's Summit is a quite, clean and well kept shop that buys and sells coins, silver and gold jewelry, and fossils.  In every transaction I have had with the guys who run the shop, I have been treated respectfully, and honestly,  They will tell me if they will buy a coin or if the coin is a 'novelty' coin and not worth anything.  They pay a fair and honest price for all the coins they have purchased from me.  They pay by check on site.The display of silver and gold estate type jewelry is done well and the prices on these items are reasonable.  If you are looking for that special or unique piece of jewelry, this would be my first stop.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2011,3/5/2012,366,998,,6,4>The Drop was a somewhat small restaurant with interesting presentations of their food but more importantly, their Mojito drops.  My coworker a few months ago told me that I should check this place out because she knew (as well as my whole team) I take pictures of food.  I finally got to try this place out because Lilian O. and Ankur B. were back in town but not for long (boo!).  The parking around this was super limited but luckily I found one right next to the outside seating area.  I ordered the Lemon Thyme Chicken ($16) and 3 Mojito drops ($13).  The three flavors I chose were Cherry Cheesecake, Sour Grape, and Cotton Candy.  The flavors of the Mojito drops change all the time so I can't say if those would be available on another visit.  The other flavor was Tequila Sunrise which was tempting to order.The staff here was really nice and came out to the outside seating area to check up on our table as well as the three or four other tables.  My Mojito drops came out first.  I have to say the presentation was interesting.  The Sour Grape Mojito drop was pretty good while the Cotton Candy and Cherry Cheesecake Mojito drops didn't taste like their names to me.  Lilian said they tasted like it but I guess my taste buds weren't working properly.  All I knew was I could taste more of the alcohol with the Cotton Candy and Cherry Cheesecake Mojito drops.The Lemon Thyme Chicken was delicious and portion was just right for me.  The chicken was a little bit dry but the other stuff like the wild mushroom risotto, parmesan crisp, and garden-fresh green beans all compensated for it.  I recommend it if you want something that will fill you up but not food coma full.Nice place for drinks, interesting presentations of food and Mojito drops.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2011,3/4/2012,88,95,2,5,4>I started going to Lulu's when it was next door to the Architectural Salvage and it seated around 30 people.  It was literally love at first bite.  I recently met friends for happy hour in their new location and I have to say I was very impressed.  The space it great and there is a lovely little patio out back, a perfect place to sip a Tank 7, eat some satay and partake of a flawless dish of coconut curry. They have an extensive happy hour menu w/ great drink and food specials which allows anyone and everyone to savor the delicacies, no matter your budget.  And while you are sampling the delicious food be sure to wash it down with some one of their fabulous cocktails, made from one of the many flavored vodkas infused in-house! Excellent flavor combinations to compliment all the dishes on the menuTo all you noodle lovers, let's take advantage of the glorious weather afforded to us during this time of year and plan on spending as many nights as we can on the patio at Lulu's Who's with Me?
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/19/2011,3/3/2012,115,89,8,5,5>Stacks sits on a beat-up stretch of Choteau Trafficway ('beat-up stretch of Choteau is a redundancy, by the way) that looks like it came from a John Cougar Mellencamp song... maybe even a Johnny Cougar song, you know, back before he really got lousy. We're not talking about 'Little Pink Houses' or 'Jack and Diane' because those classics paint vivid portraits of a folksy existence in a small town. No, Choteau is some deep-cut shit, B-side Cougar-style. There's a creepy dive bar, a dilapidated strip club, a seedy gas-station, a broke-down donut store and a burned up church. And Stacks. Stacks itself is small and has been here for a million years, a testament to its tasty fare. They serve standard drive-in style food including hot, greasy cheeseburgers teeming with grilled onions, chili-dogs that are better than their Cougar counterpart from Tastee Freeze, hand-battered onion rings and Italian steak sandwiches. My mom worked here in high-school and would tell me tales of the original owner Albert coming in at 5am every morning to pound out and hand-bread the Italian steak. He probably doesn't still do this, as I'm sure he is now very, very dead. If he's not, he's at least 130 years old, and I doubt he's still doing prep in the morning. That being said, it's still really good food to give your colon a much-needed donkey kick. They also make a mean-ass shake, and no flavor is off-limits. Banana and strawberry shake? You betcha. Peanut butter and chocolate? And just why not? Cheeseburger shake? Get out of here. Seriously. And don't come back.Being that the whole place is super-antiquated and a bit cryogenically frozen, they only accept American currency, so plan ahead. And don't think that jaunting over to the strip club across the street will help, because their ATM costs $10. What a fucking rip-off. I don't think that they have a slogan, but if they did, I imagine it might be something like this:Stacks: Yes, we're a place to eat.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2011,3/2/2012,184,189,6,4,4>I gotta say it took a little while for this place to grow on me but when it did I became a fan for life.The food here is basic and always a little different from what you would expect but very delicious. The only thing that turns me off a little is walking in to this place in the middle of the day or evening and getting stared down by a patron that has been camping at a table all day working on god knows what because I want to sit down next to them at a different table and eat my food. I know YJ's has long been an artists hangout but don't judge someone because they don't look or act the same way you do. Late night I recommend the breakfast sandwich with gravy on top, always does the trick.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2011,3/1/2012,73,75,4,4,4>I love Deanna Rose for the simplest of reasons. When I was a stay at home mom and going stir crazy, I could always pack up the stroller, tuck my unwashed hair under a hat, and know that  my daughter and I could escape boredom before nap time. Sure I would get the occasional glance from the Johnson County mom crowd who were probably wondering where my Nordies outfit and Peg Peraggo stroller was, but that's to be expected.Aside from the animals to pet and feed, they have beautiful flower gardens and walking paths, plus numerous play areas to keep kids busy.The renovations look amazing. I'm normally not big on gift shops but theirs is nice and not too pricey.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,2/29/2012,89,150,4,8,2>Guys why even read all the reviews, hehehe, look at all the stars on it???? Lately Christopher Elbow most feel like a freaking Rock Star, his stuff is causing sensation across the nation....I feel like if I ever met him, I would kiss his hand or something.I had 10 pieces of his chocolate mayhem and uffff, hello food orgasm. My personal favorite was the maracuya/passion fruit....Sweet Jesus he is good!
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2011,2/28/2012,46,28,6,9,8>FOR SUNDAYS:I've been to The Foundry before -- you know just to meet up the friends and have a few cocktails before heading to the next destination in Westport -- but I've never been been. That is until I agreed to visit one of my girl friends who was the opening server on a nice Sunday afternoon. It was so nice in fact I opted to sit on the patio. With the heat wave we've been experiencing here in KC, I would've been out of my mind to be sitting out there even at 6pm with the sun setting. There are fans spinning above in attempt to keep things cool and there was a nice breeze as well. My only complaint probably would've been about the metal patio furniture I was sitting on. I was getting indentions on my legs and bum. Short shorts were def a bad idea. Enough of that.. I am here to rave about the specials. I have found MY SUNDAY FUNDAY spot!! Can you believe on Sundays, this place has McCoy's hand-crafted beers (all but the Raspberry Wheat) on special for only $7 a pitcher!! RIDICULOUS!! These beers are usually $4 a pint. I started off with the Hog Pound Brown because it was still chocolatey but not nearly as heavy as a stout for this summer day (I was contemplating the Oatmeal Stout).  When my girl friend arrived, we ordered a few appetizers. I was pretty impressed with the menu. There was such a large selection of vegetarian items. I am not a vegetarian by any means, but I'd be stoked to have the options that were offered. We shared an order of the delicious beer pretzels which are soft sticks of doughy goodness brushed with butter sauce, sprinkled with rock salt, and served with one of the best cheese sauces I've ever tasted and a beer mustard. You cannot go wrong with an order of this. We also ordered the sloppy hippies, which are 3 little vegetarian sloppy joes sliders w/ pepperjack cheese, served with fries. It was so good that even being meat-free, I was not mad at it. The only thing missing was probably some pickles! After the first pitcher was warm, we tried the Ginger Shandy. Now that was the perfect beer for summer time. Crisp and refreshing. The ginger wasn't overpowering at all.  We were hanging out there for some time and there was a continuous stream of people coming in and out of the place. It was hard to believe it was a Sunday at all with the place being so busy. I definitely plan on returning another lazy Sunday. Next time it'll be the Blackberry Tart and the Landing Lager. And for only $7 a pitcher.. why not? Exactlyyyyy!!!
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2011,2/27/2012,216,313,2,5,4>REVIEW FOR SUNDAY BRUNCHThis brunch totally won me over.The selection does not look very impressive at first but is really quite extensive - from the standard breakfast items (scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, ham, hash, biscuits and gravy) to brunch bites (cured salmon with crostini, salami platter, roasted veggies, soup, salad), to sweets (scones, croissants, donuts, buns, bread pudding), to the fresh fruit (berries, watermelon, pineapple, canteloupe) - there is more than enough for you to get your fill! Oh did I mention they also have omelets and waffles to order? At 14.95 for adults and 9.95 for students, the prices are very reasonable.The not-so-impressive parts: bacon is not crispy; the ham and corn soup was too spicy and why were there chunks of fat floating in it!?; omelets are not your typical fluffy french omelet but more like egg pancakes with filling (though I do like that they are very customizable). The NOTABLE highlights: sausage biscuits and gravy was really rich, one of the best I've had in Lawrence to date; bread pudding is phenomenal with a perfect velvety inside and a caramelized crust; waffles are tiny but oh-so-fluffy and light! I also think it's important to note that even though every dish may not be mind-blowing, everything is at least clean and fresh.For those of you who haven't been here yet I'll briefly comment on the decor - odd 20's looking orange and teal colors with interesting lights and ceiling fans, paired with the fact that it still very much looks like a bank - it's really charming. And service is excellent. Even though the omelets and waffles took awhile to arrive, our server was attentive and my mug of coffee was always full...oh, Teller's, you made me a VERY happy (and full) customer!
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2011,2/26/2012,70,178,1,8,6>What a great way to start your weekend! Purchased 2 hikes on Groupon and had low expectations for my Loose Park outing.  Immediately upon meeting the group at the tennis courts, my attitude changed.  It starts at 8:00 a.m. on a Saturday when the weather is nice (in November, hikes will move to late morning/afternoon).   If you get a chance to do this, sign up with Sharon.  Sometimes yoga instructors discourage any other form of exercise, but Sharon teaches CrossFit and yoga, and encourages all types of movement. The 90 minute hike is mostly a brisk walk up various hills around the fancy houses near the Plaza, with 3 yoga stops.  The rose garden is beautiful and a perfect stop for a morning sun salutation.  After about 70 minutes of "hiking", you get a mat that the instructor has been carrying and do 20 minutes of yoga postures.  Yoga hikes started in San Francisco as a way for people to see the highlights of the city...Sharon is a friend of this guy, thus there are hikes all along the west coast...and KC.  I already signed up for the hike next weekend.  Anything that gets me up and moving before 10:00 a.m. on a Saturday has got to be good.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2012,2/25/2012,83,109,1,7,5>I just had a meal of Krizman's polish sausage along with its house-made sauerkraut. Delicious! The sausage was well seasoned and had a nice casing on it.  The store sells to quite a few restaurants. So, if you see it as an option (it may just say sausage made in Strawberry Hill ... because that may sound a lot more romantic or something), give it a try but it is completely worth the trip to Strawberry Hill to pick up Krizman's sausage.As mentioned, in addition to sausage, the store sells sauerkraut made in the store. It's got a bit of a bite to it. I enjoyed it. But I could see it being somewhat overwhelming. Cooking it with potatoes may cut down on the intensity. We also picked up a loaf of povitica bread, which is friggin' delicious. Thumbs up! So good!
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2012,2/24/2012,117,917,3,4,4>Imagine a hipster version of Crate & Barrel - the same nice stuff with a slightly independent vibe. That would be I.O. Metro. I must say that I really liked this place.Walking in, we were greeted almost immediately by the fairly friendly staff. Once we said we were "just looking", we were ignored for the rest of the visit. Bummer...I may have been tempted to buy something, but that sort of ruined the temptation. This place has a little bit of everything - living rooms, bedrooms, wall art, etc. Some of the stuff is really, surprisingly cheap, whilst other items are very expensive. For example, one piece of art can be $300, while another piece can be $80...and I couldn't identify why one piece was that much more expensive. They have furniture and accessories to fit all tastes - chairs, tables, lamps, sofas. From the fairly basic to the very out there, I.O. Metro has it all. I would certainly consider this place when it comes time to decorate.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2011,2/23/2012,262,244,7,11,5>HAWG. JAW. FRITZ.  Write. it. down. Allegedly a common nickname in Southern Missouri that no amount of googling could explain.  What will remain mysterious about the name is easily made up for by the food. Open Monday through Saturday from 11:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., I have found my summer BBQ place.  Today (the second day they've been open,) I took the advice of my fireworks friends and went for the pulled pork sandwich.  Word has it this sandwich took 2nd at the American Royal although, they compete under a different name.  The "Workin' Folks Special"  had to be the first thing I tried.  It's 'any' meat sandwich and side served with a drink, pickle and sauce.  I paid $7.45 for a 20 oz diet coke, 3 pickles, (I asked for extra,) a superb Pulled Pork sandwich, the Buffalo Coleslaw and 2 sides of sauce (hot.)  The have mild or hot sauce but the above fireworks friends told me I HAD to get the hot.  They. Were. Right.   The hot bbq sauce was like a warm and spicy hug, like from your long lost best friend that you've been crushing on for years.  We're going to go ahead and call it Salivacious.  I dipped my pickles in it.  (Oooo that got dirty.)  The Buffalo Coleslaw had horseradish and some sort of hot sauce in it, it was good but I was overcome by the hot bbq sauce and couldn't concentrate on anything else. I tried to get a picture of it before I ate it but between setting out the spread and my first bite, there was no stopping.  This place is for catering/take out, no chairs or tables yet and I'm not sure if that's in the plans.  Their offerings include all the staples with their own twists.  They are some nice folks and absolutely worth adding to your BBQ list.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,2/22/2012,126,203,2,5,3>EGADS!!!  So I made a reservation online and said it was my boyfriends birthday, which it was.  When we were seated, the table had a card on it and confetti, which was a really nice touch. The restaurant is beautiful, and I cant wait to come and sit on the patio this summer.  WHich makes what I have to say all the more embarrassing, since it was so nice. I licked my bowl of Lobster Bisque clean.  We also got a free dessert for his bday, and it was the BEST carrot cake ever!!!
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/27/2011,2/21/2012,28,47,4,7,3>Moving away from Orange Leaf in Overland Park was a sad day for me.  However, Green Apple opened up recently and my heart was happy again.  I now have consumed the self-serve frozen yogurt twice and was satisfied both times.They have a fairly good price if you don't put too much yogurt in the cup!  Great choice of toppings and friendly service.  I also want to steal their green couches but I don't think I could fit them in one of those yogurt cups.  Not to mention it is awesomely close to where I live.  If I was ambitious to work off the calories I consume there I would walk to get my frozen yogurt. I was also informed by the kids working there that their yogurt was better for you because it wasn't made out of powder...not sure how true that is, after I add all those chocolatey and candy toppings.  However, you should definitely check this out and keep this business close!
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2011,2/20/2012,87,206,3,9,8>I'd been eyeballing this place for a few months, now, and finally made it over.  Like a few other gems in LS (Fig Tree comes to mind), inauspicious strip mall facade on 291 belies a real treat...I'm kicking myself for having not tried this place sooner.  Everything was top notch...You walk in, and everything's bright, attractive, spotlessly clean, and festive.  The staff was so nice and friendly...I'm told it's family-owned and operated, so I'm assuming the two little girls who were "helping" the server were owners' daughters...they were absolutely adorable, and so sweet and polite, bringing the silverware and ice water.  The size and variety of the menu made it hard to choose what to get, but in a good way.  So many items...plenty of standard Tex-Mex fare, but lots of gourmet, creative specialties, and the descriptions all sound great.  I'm already planning future trips to try a wide sampling.  I buckled to the Tex Mex urge, and got a shredded beef chimichanga, and felt somewhat guilty for not trying the carnitas or shrimp fajitas, but there's always next time.  The fact that the chimi arrived actually light, crispy, and fabulously delicious helped allay some of my guilt...I don't know how you make a deep-fried burrito that doesn't come out overly greasy, but they did it!  Yay!  I usually resign myself to guaranteed heartburn when I indulge in fried stuff, but it never came!  You can get cheese sauce on the chimi, but I stuck with their wonderful, spicy red sauce.  The beans and rice on the side were wonderful. Boyfriend went with grilled fish tacos in soft flour tortillas with pico de gallo, cilantro, and shredded cabbage, and raved about them.  Their chips and salsa were also top-notch...warm, perfect level of salt, flavorful salsa.   I didn't do the Margarita, but I assuredly will next time.  Prices were more in line with what you'd see at an Applebee's or On The Border than at some comparably mom n' pop places in the metro, but OH-so-worth it.  We'll be back and often.  And we'll bring friends.**Edit - Went back again last night...happy to report that the carnitas and margaritas were fabulous!
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2011,2/19/2012,39,88,3,5,4>Having the word "Bottles" in their name, you would assume they have a good bottle selection and they sure did!  Jones cream soda, Stewarts orange cream soda, Lost Trail and several other bottled sodas I'd be interested in trying.  They also had quite a unique cocktail menu with some interesting options like adult milkshakes that looked pretty good. What I really liked was their mighty fine beer selection.  Lots of good choices.  I was happy to see they had one of my favorite beers; 5 Barrel Pale Ale by Odell. Good stuff.Now for the food.  I wanted to try something different like the au poivre or the $100 burger, but I went with the classic instead due to my fear of being dissapointed.  It didn't amaze me, but was a good burger overall...good flavor and fresh toppings. I liked the fact that they put a paper slip/napkin under the burger to prevent the bottom bun from getting soggy, which is a big problem for me at a lot of places.  I also got the sweet potato fries which came in a mini grocery cart, which were pretty good.  The mini grocery cart is kind of cool and all, but just make sure your fries stay on the protective paper layer and don't actually touch the cart, they didn't look like they were cleaned very often.  The fries also came with 2 different sauces, a house ketchup which I wasn't a big fan of personally, and the chipolte sauce which was awesome, even with sweet potato fries.It was a bit expensive, but overall was a good experience with some fairly tasty food and drinks. I'll look forward to coming back and trying a different burger.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2011,2/18/2012,73,173,6,13,7>Yay, I'm the first review!  I don't know who loves The Pet Ranch more...me or my dog, Barkley.  I've been taking Barkley here since I got him, so it's been about a year and a half now.  As soon as The Pet Ranch comes into view, Barkley is at the window wanting out of the car.  Once we pull up, he can't get out quick enough!The Pet Ranch offers daycare, boarding, a private dog park, grooming, and a store with all your doggy needs.  You can become a member or choose not to.  It's a yearly membership fee, but it's definitely worth it.  By being a member, you get access to the private dog park and you have 1st dibs if there is a waiting list for the boarding, which has definitely come in handy for me.  Last year, at Christmas, I waited too long to book the boarding so I had to go on the waiting list, but lucky for me, I was a member and got moved to the top and there was a cancellation so Barkley got to stay at the Pet Ranch over the holidays.This place definitely wears a dog out.  Besides the outside area, there is an 8000 sqft indoor area for dogs to run freely (with supervision of course).  Whether he is being boarded or there for daycare, Barkley comes home exhausted.  He plays his little tail off.  And if you have a small dog and are worried that they will get stomped on by the big dogs, the little dogs have their own little area.The staff is amazing.  They all genuinely love the dogs.  As soon as we walk in, the staff is excited to see Barkley and call him by his name.  They know me by my name as well.  Carrie, one of the owners,  always gives Barkley a kiss on his snout when it's time for him to leave.  I can't recommend this place enough.
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,2/17/2012,62,87,3,7,4>You owe it to yourself to stop in to 715 for some afternoon drinks and snacks.  Where it's at ---- the Happy Hour menu.Every day from 4.00-6.00, you can stop in at 715 for a selection of great happy hour food items (Kansas, regrettably, cannot have happy hour specials on alcohol).  The happy hour items at 715 are exceptional, and at the happy hour price they are an absolute steal.The menu features diverse items as crostini, 10" pizzas, mixed olives, pistachios, and other excellent selections.   On our recent visit, out four-person group shared a pizza, which was amazing.  $4 for a 10" pizza, with a flavorful tomato sauce, flavorful cheese, and some 715 house-made sausage.  Phe-nominal!  We also enjoyed the mixed olives, which were a great little nosh to share with friends, though no one would blame you if you ordered some and curled up in the corner and nibbled on them like a greedy squirrel.  And then the crostini with a generous spread of ricotta and olive oil -- the creamy rush of the cheese cleansing and refreshing the palate.  If you've not stopped in to 715 for lunch or dinner, then you must must must stop in for Happy Hour specials.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2011,2/16/2012,101,236,,7,7>I ventured in for brunch and with a menu full of delectable choices (both breakfast and beyond) it was hard to determine what I wanted (since all the food that I saw looked amazing).Our table started with the beignets (we got the 5piece for 4...although we were tempted by a dining companion to share 39 beignets). These things are addictive..light, but with enough denseness that one is satisfying, I could have eaten the entire plate and been in heaven. After my initial hunger was curbed, I moved on to the drink menu...they have a ton of choices, but I had to stick with the brunch theme and went with the RedHeaded StepChild--a bloody with bacon vodka and tons of pickled accouterments (yum).  My dining companion got the drink with jalapeno-infused tea and honey (not sure of the name)---it was SPICY (so buyer beware if you have a delicate palate).After perusing the menu, I ended up with the Jerk Steak sandwich and a side of the mac and cheese. My sandwich was very good--tons of flavor, toasted bread, plenty of cheese, but the mac and cheese stole the show.  Canvatipi swimming in cheese sauce--need I say more?  When I go back, it will be for the mac and cheese ( and with awesome happy hour specials, you can be sure I will go back...stock up on Cheese, Nica's).The backroom looks amazing for event...we sat in the bright front room, but for a night out, the back looks great, as does the patio.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2011,2/15/2012,99,404,2,5,6>First, I need to provide a little background. I am a high school teacher, and I am a mom of a teen. That being said, I need a kid-free zone once in a while. I have found it in Cinema Suites. You must be 21 to enter.  Thank you AMC!!  It may seem petty, but I HATE going to Town Center because of the kids dropped off with no supervision (although I will happily drop off my teen there before I head to AMC 6).  The only thing I can say to knock this down to 4.5 is that often (usually) the tix I buy online are not accessible with a credit card swipe by the door, so I have to go to the cashier. I don't know whose fault that is, though. Also,  I hate paying $10 for parking across the street. Oh well. I do it anyway. Now, the positives. First of all, by the time my work day is over, Mama is tired and wants to kick back!!  When BF wants to go out, AMC Suites provide the perfect compromise!  We can see a movie, drink some beer, relax, and feel like we are in our home theatre!  I have never had issues with people coming in late and disrupting the show. Maybe that's because we always see the latest possible show, so it is never packed. Seats are grouped in pairs with lots of space in between, so I always feel like it's just the two of us. The staff is fantastic, professional, and helpful.  I have not tried the food menu, but the beer selection is decent. I always find something I like, and I am a quasi-snob. Afterward,  we hit The Marquee and get our drink and peoplewatching on without having to travel to another venue.  How much better can it get?  I always recommend this to couples with kids for a date night. It is a great affordable getaway for a few hours.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2011,2/14/2012,275,317,5,7,5>Ok, I have been on a hunt for kc food trucks online since I saw CoffeeCakeKC at the Yelp Chiller party.  So, I came across this one and it perked my interest enough to hunt them down, pronto.On my first visit I was introduced to the tortas ahogadas everyone raved about.  I got 4 for four different people to judge.  It got the overall, good. I had also ordered a Izza dog and it was better than I imagined it to be.  Rommie picked a quesadilla. That was yummy.Next weekend, I was on the search for them again.  Found them at night this time.  Their Facebook page, is a great way to hunt them down.  I took a glance at the written menu and my eyes spotted a brisket sandwich and couldn't leave.  I had seen the picture of one before and it was my goal to achieve.  He had both regular and "spicy" bbq sauce to add to it.  I was asked if it was spicy enough, not really.  So he added some chili to kick it up a notch.  This mountain of meat heavenly goodness should not be legal.The Mexican cocoa with the same chilli added to it was yummy and much needed on the cool night.  I also got to try a jalapeno that he promoted he cooks with the grease.  Hot diggity bam, that's some good pepper.So on this second trip I got roomie 2 quesadillas to take to her at work.  I knew once I checked in on Yelp she would be hollering for some.  RIght on cue I got an immediate text for some.  I told her what I already got her and she demanded to have what I got.  So yes, I had to turn around and go back.  This truck is going to cause some homicides, I am ready to strangle her.  Well, in actuality I was glad for the excuse to go back and get another sandwich for myself too.
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2011,2/13/2012,74,287,2,12,7>Locally-owned McGonigle's, at the corner of 79th and Ward Parkway, has been one of Kansas City's culinary crown jewels for as long as I can remember!  They're most famous as a meat market, offering a breathtaking selection of the finest restaurant-quality USDA Prime beef imaginable, including, of course, K.C. strip steaks.  For this kind of quality you'll be paying top dollar, but it's still way cheaper than at a steakhouse!  Still, you can think of McGonigle's as the Tiffany's of meat!If you have carnivorous out-of-town friends you want to totally impress, McGonigle's will air ship anywhere in the country, or will pack steaks to go on the plane with you if you want to take them along yourself!  Way, way better than Omaha Steaks, and better value!  They also have a small but wonderful fish counter.McGonigle's is also a very nice neighborhood market, with a small but choice selection of items, including lots of local products.  The wines are very nice and surprisingly reasonable, on the whole.  In addition to the unrivaled fresh meats glistening like jewels in the meat counter, there is also an excellent selection of frozen meats and poultry, including lamb, veal, goat, duck, pheasant, cornish game hens, etc.  Then there are sausages, including andouille, two styles of Brazilian linguiça, and many more!  To top it off, McGonigle's carries a tempting array of frozen Creole/Cajun items, including turducken (a boneless stuffed hen, stuffed inside a boneless duck, stuffed inside a boneless turkey -- an expensive but spectacular item for a holiday feast); crawfish, seafood and alligator boudins (seafood sausages), and other Louisiana goodies of the kind to die for!  (But also check out the Hy-Vee at 135th and Antioch for Creole/Cajun delicacies like frozen crawfish tails, turtle and alligator meat.)McGonigle's barbecues some of its wondrous meats outside.  I didn't stop for any this time, but the aroma of the smoking meat was making me weak in the knees!  If you haven't already made an acquaintance with McGonigle's, now's a great time to drop in, especially if you're also planning on shopping at Trader Joe's, just down Ward Parkway!  You can splurge what you saved by shopping at TJs on some superb meats at McGonigle's!  For foodies, it's the best of all possible worlds!  :-)
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2011,2/12/2012,184,236,11,14,12>oh. my. goodness. YES. YES! Pho in the midwest, and it's as good as the west coast, baby!Came here with a friend (also from cali) cause we were both craving Asian food for so long. This place is authentic. You know it from the delicious pho smells that stick to your clothes and hair, you know it from the random wall art, and you know it when hoards of Asians are standing in line and crowding at tables.I got the typical #1 pho, and my friend got the beef stew pho. Broth was perfect, and meat wasn't overcooked in my #1. The beef stew was flavorful with the perfect amount of onions, carrots, and huge chunks of tender beef. Noms!We ordered spring rolls to go (didn't try them) but the order seemed pretty small. No matter, since I was here for the pho. No doubt I'll be coming back here to fulfill my pho craving when I'm in KC.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,2/11/2012,238,295,5,9,7>OK, enough of the whining about not reviewing the food, just the cocktails.  Not that the cocktails aren't first rate.  They are!  Do try the "Aviation" - maraschino liquor, gin, lemon juice, creme d violette; the "Millionaire" -rum, sloe gin, apricot brandy, lime juice. But as good as these cocktails are...the food is better!OMG lick your lips and wipe away the slobber when you wrap your tongue around the house-made bratwurst and cheddar cheese, fried mustard bread, smoked beet relish, and pine syrup.  Only slight embarrassment as my date licked the plate. Yes, he liked it!  I'm just saying...the plate licking...a little over the top, even for him!  For the perfect balance of spice and succulent shrimp, opt for theSpicy sous-vide shrimp - butternut squash, avocado, lemongrass pickles, and cilantro. Tender, with a hit of heat.  And, if you're into aesthetics, which I am, this food is beautiful.  Each dish is a lovely piece of food artistry.Mixed greens-warm Brie, candied pecans, dried cranberries and a lemon vinaigrette.  The dressing is what makes this salad interesting.  If it wasn't for the vinaigrette, this would be very pedestrian.Braised Bacon-apples, spout leaves, Rosemary-Ranch and porcini crisps.  Really, what do I need to say...Pork rules!  And one of the few times that a "big belly" will sound enticing.Lamb and feta pot pie, spaghetti squash, preserved lemon, green onion, and raisin sauce.  The flavors are sublime.  Don't let the raisin sauce scare you.  It is rich and silky, like a demi-glace, but warning, this is not McDonalds.  You can't get this super-sized!Now, at last, my favorite part of the meal.  Dessert!  The R Bar even makes a fabulous dessert cocktail.  Like the Classic chocolate   martini -  white creme de cocoa, vodka, kahlua, and a cherry, for the perfect amount of seduction in a glass.When I die and go to heaven, please let it be after eating the dark chocolate peanut butter cup.  Maybe, I should skip the death part, and indulge in this heavenly concoction of caramelized bananas, brown sugar, peanut butter, whipped marshmallow, orange zest, and exquisite dark chocolate.  By the way...I liked it.  I liked the R Bar.  Major understatement!
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2012,2/10/2012,146,179,4,6,3>Latteland is a favorite of mine for a few reasons.  One, they make a great latte, and if I just want a shot of espresso, theirs is always just right; perfect amount of pressure on those grinds!  Two, the staff here makes you want to come back.  After my first visit I felt like a regular.  After only three visits here, I didn't even have to tell them what I wanted.  Now that will make someone loyal!  Three, they are pretty convenient to the building I work in.  I actually pass three other coffee shops on my walk there, but Latteland is well worth that bit of extra effort.  Great coffee, amazing staff, and an extra shot is free on Tuesdays!!! Yeah, I'm extra buzzed on Tuesdays.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2011,2/9/2012,17,72,3,4,4>I think we have just found our favorite Italian eatery in the KC area.Tonight, we tried Cupini's for the first time.  I had never hear of Cupini's until today's (though I have driven buy it unawares) Muncharoo email which contained an offer.  Since we were looking for a deal on dinner out with friends, I suggested Cupini's and bought the deal.  I am now tempted to buy out my limit on the coupon...This place has great Italian food at a good price.  Between the three of us, we managed to get 2 pastas, 1 sub, 2 desserts, 1 order of garlic bread and 1 soda for under $30... and that was before the coupon was applied!  So, if you don't have any coupons, no worries on the price.  Plus, they have some daily deals that look promising.So what did we get?  Our entrees included the Italian Club, Lasagna (does not contain any of the ground pork that many Italian restaurants use), and Seafood Ravioli. The Seafood Ravioli appears to have won the entree round as the favorite at the table.  Dessert included the Carrot Cake and Zuccoto (my first).  The Carrot Cake beat out the Zuccoto as top dessert, I could buy one of those cakes for an event... so yummy.I also eyed some of the fresh pasta, bottled sauces and raviolis in the fridge that you can buy, take home and prepare yourself... but alas we had after-dinner plans and the heat in the car would have cooked it for us!We plan to return soon to dine in and buy products!
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2011,2/8/2012,117,166,1,10,4>I can't believe I've never been here before! OR that I waited so long to try chicken and waffles!! Man oh man, have I been missing out!!3 pieces of chicken and a giant, delicious, butter smothered waffle runs you about 9 bucks. And let me tell you, it is worth every single penny. Three of us ordered the chicken and waffles, and none of us were disappointed at all. One ordered a burger and said it was equally delicious.The environment is a little strange (but decently clean still), but the overly friendly staff makes up for any awkward feelings. Seriously, they are the NICEST employees ever. Also, there is a sign out front that simply reads "GOOD FOOD." Honest and straight to the point, I love it.
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2011,2/7/2012,92,76,,11,6>I won't talk about the authenticity of ABC Cafe, because it seems that's been covered. What you NEED to know: the place is a tiny little storefront, it's insanely cheap with huge family-style portions, and they have some of the best (and biggest) pork pot stickers I've ever had. They serve dim sum all day, though I have yet to try most of those small plates.As an example of the cheapness, I have to steer myself away from constantly ordering the ginger and onion salty chicken. It's $8.88 for a huge chicken with a delectable flavor that reminds me a lot of Hainanese chicken rice, a Singaporean/Malaysian dish. If you like ginger, scallions and garlic, this is a great dish at a great price. So many other great things here, from simple stuff like chow fun or wonton soup to the more adventurous (to some) seafood congee and beef tendon stew, and all for a great price. I'd venture to say this is the best Chinese restaurant I've been to in the KC area, for authenticity, selection, quality, and price. I'll probably never go back to Bo Ling's again... sorry.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2011,2/6/2012,56,203,2,6,6>Oh boy. Please leave your inhibitions and pretenses at the door, but please bring your enthusiasm and a designated driver if possible. If not then please put Yellow Cab's phone number in your phone.The Riot Room has arguably, Kansas City's finest craft and specialty brew selection.  If you still want an old standby like PBR or Miller Lite, they have that too, but if you're a little bit picky and want a higher quality malt beverage, this is the place to be.The venue books a lot of up and coming good bands mostly in the hipster indie and the blue collar louder rock niches.  The deck out back is a perfect place to lounge and to see and be seen.  Beware, it seems like many of The Riot Room's customers are smokers and they are not bashful about lighting up. If smoke bothers you then you might want to hang inside.I will say at peak times the bar staff, while very friendly, can become a little bogged down and lines will form around the round bar. At the same time this happens at a lot of bars at peak times.  I recommend coming out a little early and having a few drinks already in you so then the wait isn't as bad.I will say this is one of my favorite hang outs in Kansas City. If you decide to stop by, please hang on and enjoy the ride.
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2011,2/5/2012,95,192,3,6,6>This is an awesome service in Kansas City! My husband and I have received these meals several different weeks and have been more than happy with the quality and variety. For less than $100 we can get enough meals for us both to take lunch and have dinner for the work week. Can anyone say, AWESOME!We both have said that eating the food gave us more energy and we felt wonderful running on this high quality food. I love their mission and their story and of course supporting a local couple while making our own lives less stressful is wonderful!We will continue supplementing these meals into our meal rotation. Thanks guys for filling a hole in the Kansas City market.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2011,2/4/2012,80,254,1,5,6>How awesome are Chef Tio, her staff, and JULIAN? Seriously, places like this make me enjoy KC  even more! This review is long overdue, so let me capture my most recent dining adventure at Julian. It was a dark and stormy girl's night out. We were finishing our cocktails at Manifesto and heading to Julian to eat. We were (naturally) running late. My phone rang... It was the hostess at Julian making sure we weren't lost or having trouble finding the place... yes, yes, we are on the way... When we arrived we were cheerfully greeted by our hostess and then by Chef Tio, who greeted me by name and showed us to our table. The place was packed, it was a good thing we were expected. We started with some wine and appetizers. I highly recommend the sweet potato and goat cheese terrine. It was luscious. Make sure you take a bite with all of the dish's components. You will "get it". I felt that Chef Tio really "honored" the potato in this first dish. I honestly can't remember what my favorite dining partners ordered, but everyone was delighted with their food. I had the pleasure of trying the pork shoulder, which was excellent. Served with delicious mashed potatoes, the flavor was superb and the portion size was satisfying. Because Chef Tio's desserts are so reasonably priced, I must gluttonously admit that we ordered... well... SEVERAL. My favorite was the sweet potato cheesecake (a theme is developing. I must love sweet potatoes. Who knew?).  This dessert was fabulous. Delicious. Seriously good. I also have to include additional commentary in this review, which speaks to the attitude and character of Chef Tio herself. While Chef Tio is probably considered a local "celebrity", and has most definitely been rising in the national culinary scene, it is evident that Chef Tio has remained grounded and is focused on serving and pleasing her guests. It's not often that you receive a thank you note from a chef, asking for feedback, good or bad, about your dining experience.  Chef Tio, and her restaurant, JULIAN, are one of a kind.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2012,2/3/2012,160,211,7,5,5>I love lingerie.  That's right.  I'm not saying I love to WEAR it, and I'm not saying I don't.  That's my business.My girlfriend also loves this place, and we both love the semi-annual sale.  As a heterosexual male that dates women that wear underwear, I have been to my fair share of Victoria's Secrets shopping for the ladies.  This one takes the cake - the shelves are stocked, organized, and abundant.  Even after a few days, the semi-annual sale still seems to have enough deals to make the trip.  Similar stores in St. Louis would be wiped clean after the first six hours.  Not so with this place.  Thank you, OP ladies, for not being as deal crazy as our Eastern neighbors.We managed to get a pile of stuff for her, combining comfies with sexies and everything in between - talk about making my birthday shopping easy!  Just let her loose in there and everyone is happy.  Great place!
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2011,2/2/2012,50,83,4,6,7>Ive had a lot of cupcakes in my life (obviously) and this was hands down the best one I've ever had. My wife fell in love with the decor immediately because she was wearing the same colors, but we were both surprised by the cost. It was much less expensive than we thought it would be, and tasted better than we could imagine. The girl at the front desk was extremely helpful (and patient) as we asked her about every different flavor of cupcake. We will definitely be making trips back here every time we visit the plaza.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2011,2/1/2012,182,367,,6,4>Wow - I have to say that the owners and staff here impressed me more than any other place I've ever been.  On a previous trip, I'd been less than please with a dinner that was sub-par.  After sharing the experience with the owner via their website, I was personally contacted by the owner and offered a meal on the house to make up for the previous bad experience.  On this second visit, I tried the grilled Ribeye ($16.99) which had a great grilled flavor, served in a savory pan gravy over a heap of creamy potatoes.  My BF got the Chicken Oriechette- the chicken was a bit sparse, but he loved the spicy sauce.  We started with the mozzarella sticks, definitely the best sticks I'd ever had!  The server Rick was amazing and offered great advice on wine.  I loved the personal service and attention to detail!We'll definitely be back - it's now one of my top dinner choices.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2011,1/31/2012,75,225,6,13,5>This was a perfect experience.Another reason for me to love Kansas City since moving here a month ago. I was impressed every step of the way. I had expected a somewhat low-budget establishment because of the very reasonable prices, but it's situated in a nice neighborhood and everything from the waiting area to the massage rooms were very very nice.When Josh came to greet me, I was already comforted by his soothing voice and demeanor. I knew I'd be in good hands... and I was right. Beyond the technique and training, there was just something extra about his movements. Really, some kind of magic. His strokes were graceful and artful, but he was also very precise in hitting all the right spots. Josh knows the body better than anyone I've been to (I've been getting massages monthly for the past couple years).This was the best massage I've ever had. I recommend it to everyone (just leave room for me on the schedule!).Time to loaf around the apartment. I'm too relaxed to do anything else.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2011,1/30/2012,226,187,,9,5>This was my first time here, just happened to be my birthday today so I ventured down here to meet up for lunch.  First off, very cool interior and atmosphere.  They have changed the layout as much as they could, including adding an open kitchen.  The service was friendly and attentive.  A few servers were on hand, all female, all attractive.  Always a bonus! The food was surprisingly good.  I had a salad and we split a pizza.  The pizza was more than enough for three people.  The crust and toppings were very good.  I guess I had in mind that this is a chain, so the food might lack a little.  I was wrong, this pizza kicked ass.Love the 80's music playing in the background, the open air options for seating, and the food.  One strike of a star for yet again, a typical wine list.  I wish more restaurant managers and owners would venture out of their comfort zone when putting together the wine list.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2012,1/29/2012,101,281,3,10,9>Oh, so secretive and so delicious.  Only way to make reservations here is by texting.  You won't find a sign outside.  Rather, you have to use the back entrance of the Rieger Hotel and type in a door code to get in.Descending an old stone stairway, you'll find a dimly lit and intimate room with candlelit tables.  A drink menu inspired by one of KC's best mixologists is provided.  It's all about the ambiance.  This place is one of the city's best kept secrets--and that's exactly how it's supposed to be.  These drinks aren't something the bartender can simply pour and serve.  Nope, they require patience.  It's well worth the wait. Fresh ingredients and infused liquors.  Nothing on the menu is boring or mundane.  Yes, the drinks are pricey, but you'll only need a couple and they will most certainly be some of the best drinks you've ever had.My favorites are the Beautiful Red Bell and Winter in Buenos Aires.  Seriously, I don't think you can go wrong with any drink here.  This is a must do if you are in the area or if you're looking to impress a date.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2011,1/28/2012,157,291,2,3,3>This place has a LOT going for it, and after one visit, I'm definitely a fan! First of all, the menu is pretty damn decent for what is basically a sports bar. There are all kinds of options, and I love that you can get a buffalo burger instead of a regular burger (for a slight up charge). I think the real star of the menu, though, is the pizza. You can go the traditional route, or you can go with something like the Shrimpy (which I did). People, they have shrimp on a pizza. (And chorizo, roasted peppers, avocado, and jalapeno sauce) OMG. The bartender told me that I'd be craving this pizza, and 3 days later, I am. The other pizzas sound pretty good too. They're all brick fired, made fresh (Gluten-free pizza is also available), and there are a wide variety of nontraditional toppings to choose from, if you like to be adventurous. And I do. My husband had the Florentine pizza, which has chicken, prosciutto, spinach, artichokes, and a lot of gooey cheese on it. No red sauce, this one has a creamy sauce, and it was also really good, if a bit cheesy for me. He also had a Greek salad, which he enjoyed. The pizzas are very reasonably priced, and one of the smalls will more than fill you up. I suggest stopping in for dinner with a companion, or two, and ordering a couple of different pizzas so you can taste a bit of everything. But hey, a lot of the menu looked good, and I hear the mac and cheese has few rivals. Another thing this place has going for it is a good bartender. I'm a bit biased, as he used to be our bartender at another Northland location, but Grant does a great job of keeping your drink full and making sure you have everything you need. He's the kind of bartender that will quickly learn your name, remember you the next time you're in, and have your drink of choice waiting for you as you slide onto a bar stool. At a neighborhood joint like this, that's the right kind of bartender to have.Lastly, All Star Pizza & Pub is not only a great sports bar, but it's also a place that really focuses on community and highlighting youth athletics. I think it's pretty cool that the owner wants to promote what's going on locally. The location is a little bit out of the way for non-Northland residents, and it can be a bit difficult to find (it's in the Tuileries Plaza near Em Chamas), but I suggest making the extra effort if you want a decent meal in a laid-back environment. I think I'm going to be a regular here in no time.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2011,1/27/2012,150,237,1,8,3>$1 Pilsners?! YES, PLEASE! My coworkers and I drove by this place last week and we made it our goal to come this week. So glad we did! The portions are just right and you don't feel heavy or overstuffed when you walk out. The eco-friendly feel is very chic and urban and you can't help but feel calm when you see the decor. Very good prices for being a "fast food" place. Quesidillas for $3-$4, burgers for $4-$6, sides starting at $1.70. One personal gripe - the use of UN is a bit obnoxious...I get it, UNthis, UNthat, UNyou. At least their marketing worked =)))
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2011,1/25/2012,45,115,4,9,5>There is a reason why Oklahoma Joe's BBQ would be my last meal on earth...I've always liked BBQ, but I didn't LOVE BBQ until I came here.  I was raised on a farm, so I am definitely a meat-and-potatoes kind of girl.  This exceeds all expectations, and is the kind of BBQ that will change your life.  Forever.So, what's good here?  Everything I've tried is amazing!  The Z-Man is my absolute fav.  It's the kind of sandwich that invades one's dreams, and has power over humans to make them seek one out when the craving hits.  It's a sliced beef sandwich, a bit of cowtown sauce, and melted provolone cheesey goodness topped with two onion rings.  A.MAZ.ING.  During Lent they had a fish version of the Z-Man, which was also quite tasty.Another wonderful sandwich is the Carolina Style.  Pulled pork (or brisket or turkey) and spicy slaw on a bun.  Who would have thought to put cole slaw on a sandwich?  Not me, but talk about an inspired combination.  It's messy, but nothing a fork can't handle.  Oh, and the spicy slaw can also be ordered as a side (or pint if you're as addicted as I am).  Again - cayenne in cole slaw!?!  The spice is perfect, and jazzes up an old favorite.FRIES: Warning - you'll never get the same pleasure out of drive through french fries after trying these.  A perfect combination of salt and spices come together to make these the best fries in the universe.  Huge portion - one bag is more than two people should eat.Now, If I have BBQ loving guests in town and I don't want to cook, Okey Joe's Smoked Chicken is the perfect to go item to feed a crowd.  If you get several Smoked Chicken Dinners, they come with a side dish and Texas Toast, which is a good way to save a few dollars and take advantage of the sides.  The chicken itself is tender and moist with just the right amount of smoke.  I'm not a fan of smoked meats in general, but this is the epitome of perfection.Their ribs are also very good, but I'm ruined for life when it comes to restaurant ribs since no one makes ribs as good as my mom's.  That being said, this is the one place I would consider getting ribs from...if I could get past the Z-Man.Now before you run out the door to try this amazing BBQ, read this:  If you go at peak times (and even some in between times), be prepared to wait in a line which wraps around the outside of the building.  Expect it to take you at least 1-1.5 hours to get your food.  If the line is just barely out the door, the wait is about 45 minutes.I (almost) never wait in this line.  When I know I want some BBQ, I call and order carry out.  They stagger the orders, so that you come in at a specified time and usually only have to wait a minute or two to confirm and pay for your order, and then 5-8 minutes while they prepare your food (none of this "You're food's been sitting on the counter getting cold" business).  If I know I want to pick my order up at a peak time, I'll call a few hours before in order to make sure I get to pick up my food at the time I want.  And you get a feeling of superiority walking out with a box full of food past the 100 or so people waiting in line...The service - both at the carry out line and in the main dining area - has always been excellent.  They have someone going around to ask if you need anything and when you're finished will bus your table.  At the carry out line, I've never had a bad experience, and never been shorted food (I always check).  The person working the register is always pleasant, and super efficient in uniting you and your BBQ as quickly as possible.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2011,1/24/2012,34,59,4,4,5>Great!A lazy post st paddys day evening found blondie and I looking for some interesting eats. Westside local was exactly what the doctor ordered.Based on reviews, I was expecting uninterested and slow service. Nothing could be farther from the truth!  On a busy Friday night, we bellied up to the bar rather than wait for a table. The bartender was great and gave lots of information about the menu items and food preparation.... I love that!In summary....Everything said of the deviled eggs is true. The tomato fennel soup is good, but Id whir it up a bit and kick in some additional. The arugula salad is amazing with the matag bleu bits, roasted grapes and pumpkin seed brittle.  However...... The quinoa is the closet rockstar on the menu!!  It's a rollercoaster of flavor!  Roasted squash, cherries, haricot verde, Brussels sprouts, shaved Parmesan!  Forget rollercoaster, this is a pinball game going on with your tastebuds! Add a perfectly cooked piece of salmon (yes, perfectly medium!) and your tastebuds are doing the dance of joy!Next time, I'm trying ...umm... Everything. This is a place I will return to till I've tried it all.P.S.  Because we were at the bar, several of the servers talked with us while waiting for drink orders and they were all very friendly pleasant engaging folks. I can't imagine getting poor service here.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,1/23/2012,70,92,,6,5>I'm not sure it's possible to love a gym more without being addicted to steroids. I frequent the 2020 Washington location and appreciate the following things about this gym:-no contract-cute decor-affordable rate-open 24 hours-TONS of classes and they're filled with awesome people at a wide range of fitness levels (my favorite classes are the zumba and spin classes)-never crowded (seriously)-attractive members who are fit but not meatheadsSome of the equipment is older, some of the equipment is newer but they pretty much have every piece of equipment I've ever been interested in trying out. I've never felt uncomfortable here and that's important to me. Everything I was looking for in a gym I found at Scott Fitness.Postscript-- Scott Fitness also has a bunch of trainers available. I meet with Cheryl once a week and I'm not exaggerating when I say that she has changed my life.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,1/21/2012,195,325,7,9,7>It was just beautiful inside.  Candies and flavored popcorns...free samples... I even tried some, germs and all.  I've only had Topsy's popcorn... so I was shocked to find that this red popcorn tasted like real cinnamon candy -- not just food coloring.  Holy Crow!  This is what flavored popcorn is about people.  Yum!
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,1/20/2012,23,129,6,17,5>Since discovering the New York Dawg Pound, it has been on my "to visit"  list.A cloudy Sunday lunchtime was the perfect time to go.  Sign says they open at 11 on Sunday, and we were there about 1125. Not being familiar with their ordering process didn't seem to irritate the help like it does in some other establishments.  In fact there was several other people getting the coaching encouragement of what I took to be the owner.We selected the Brooklyn combo that comes with one dog, one side and one drink.  You may think you are super hungry when you arrive and may consider the Bronx combo with two signature dogs, unless you are a very ravenous eater, I would advise against it. You will get plenty with just the one.On our order today was the "doberman" with kraut and spicy mustard.The mustard was just right, a little bit of kick and tang without setting you on fire.  The dawg was wonderful! Juicy and tasty, definitely not your run of the mill dog. The Kraut was very good quality, crisp and flavorful. The other combo was  a "Yankee Poodle" which has  bacon (yes Marie it has a strip of bacon on it), fried egg and cheese sauce.  The fries were hot and very good, mildly seasoned. Could have used a few morefries  in the order, but that was irrelevant.  I saw the server weighing the bags of fries before presentation.I have never been to New York, or even really know what  a New York dog should taste like, but I was intrigued with the setup and the menu.  So if this is New York, I will order one when I ever get there. Top Notch! Everything we had was worth recommending.The place is very void of decoration or frill. concrete floors, self serv drinks, a pretty no-nonsense operation.  I was amazed at the variety of the clientele that visited while we were there.  It ran from the mini van full of kids with the soccer mom, college "dudes" that looked like they were still working on Saturday night, to a stiff-nosed, smartly dressed older couple that got out of a Lexus.  So this tells me that it appeals to a wide variety of folks. My only knock on the place is its location, kind of all by itself..so you have to make the effort to journey here, but in hindsite that would be worth a return.  The visit to the cash register is not for the faint at heart.I can hear some of my circle saying, $7 for a hot dog!!??Well yes, but after sampling what they had to offer, I'm going to think of it as $7 for a trip to New York...that is a bargain in anyones book.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,1/19/2012,292,268,6,10,9>How have I not reviewed Glace yet?  Seriously, it's not like I just discovered it or had it for the first time!  Assumptions I guess...........I think it's pretty damn cool to have a local, hand-made chocolate store in the city that creates some beautiful and delightfully unique tasting chocolates AND then having a sister store selling ice cream in those exact same flavors.  Christopher Elbow reigns supreme!My favorite ice cream is not found at Glace, but a business that starts with an M has my heart.  That's just a personal preference of creaminess and taste.  But I would never fault Glace for that because what they do they do extremely well.  They do *unique* and *different* really well and I love unique and different.  My personal favorites are Fleur de sel Caramel, French Lavender and Strawberry Balsamic.The space is super sleek modern and staffed by some extremely friendly people.  It's good to note that they do sell pre-packaged pints that are easy to grab as a great gift to bring to anyones house as a fantastic host/hostess gift.  Who needs another candle anyway?
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2011,1/18/2012,159,346,5,6,6>Good grief!  I am in looooove. Please add Taj Palace to my food crush list.I had a horrible Indian food experience about 10 years ago and haven't been back.  My squeeze loves Indian food and has patiently waited for me to get over my "thing".  The wait paid off today.Oh my....it's been about 4 hours since I had the lunch buffet.  I am still loving what I had and really can't wait to go back.   I don't know what I had before but it was trash compared to today.  I had a little bit of everything off the buffet during lunch.  The Chilli Chicken, Tandoori Chicken and Chicken 65 were heavenly.  They had the perfect blend of spiciness and goodness.  I surprised myself by loving the Chholle Saag.  I am not, not, not fond of spinach but this was one of the most seasoned and tasty dishes I have had in a long time.  I paired it with the onion chutney....AMAZING!I appreciate having a pitcher of water left on the table.  I can't get enough water during a meal.  The wait staff was gruffly attentive.  The price seemed to be ok to me considering I left pleasantly full.I have been converted over to the Indian side and that's just fine with me.
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2011,1/17/2012,50,87,4,5,6>Good food, cheap drinks and a friendly & attentive bartender ... these are truly a few of my favorite things.  Bilski's has all three, in spades, and that makes me a fan of this "divey" Merriam sports bar.I'd had Bilski's on my radar for awhile, but just hadn't found myself there until a few weeks ago.  KC was deep in the grips of the worst heat wave in over 20 years and, that night, nothing sounded better than a tall frosty beverage - Bilski's delivered.  The tasty burger with crispy fries I also had were a nice bonus.I was a little surprised that the inside of Bilski's is as big as it is.  From the outside it has the looks of a much smaller bar, but there are actually quite a few tables to sit at, as well as a large bar that has full seating along two sides.  Given the choice, I almost always prefer to sit at a bar, but it's good to know that Bilski's has options.Also, having been back a few times now, I realize that my first visit there was on a particularly slow night.  At any time there were no more than 10 of us in the whole bar.  I didn't mind this, and it gave me a chance to talk with the bartender and some of the other regulars that were there.  Since that visit the crowd has ranged from lively to very lively.  Still, like most neighborhood bars, the people at Bilski's are friendly and the mood is very relaxed - even on busy nights.  Bilski's, with everything it has to offer, has easily made my list for great neighborhood bars.  I'm glad I finally gave it a try and will be back often.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2011,1/16/2012,102,158,4,5,7>By all means, if you have the desire to experience a part of Kansas City that makes you feel like you are in a bigger, cosmopolitan city - go to SKYLINE.  I suggest you go to Skyline even if you already HAVE a stylist, don't need a haircut, or even if you live no where near downtown.  For the simple purpose of SEEING the space alone is worth anyone's time.  But seriously, find a reason to make an appointment.  If you don't think you need a cut, meet up for a consultation, buy some products, have your hair styled.  And appreciate the beautiful view, & excellent service that awaits you.This salon will meet the needs of those picky, "upscale" type clients who maybe usually only get their hair done out of town, or in the suburbs.  But it at the same time can meet the needs perfectly of anyone else.  Just communicate what it is you are NEEDING, & Skyline will fill the order.  It is a great combination of as Joi put it in her review "personalized, pristine service" meets artsy & urban.  You have to see it to understand.The salon itself is BEAUTIFUL.  And the philosophy that is clear to me once you visit a few times, & talk to folks who work there is encouraging & inspiring as well.  The furniture was crafted by a local artist.  And as you gaze around the space, you will encounter various products, artwork, etc featuring local artists & businesses.  So you can have it all here -- something "fancy" in the sense of great service, in an amazing space, with all of the special treatment anyone could ask for, AND you are also being exposed to & offered the chance to support many local artists and businesses in our community.  Skyline is right on the bus line for the KCATA public transit. I've taken the MAX ,  & the 57 bus there & back, which is a great option.My personal experiences at Skyline have been through visits to the salon with more than one friend (as well as my partner) for hair cuts.  I have also been in the salon to shop for products (as well as gifts since the other items they have on display are PERFECT for that).
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2011,1/15/2012,0,35,4,10,2>I had been hearing a lot of good things about this little middle-eastern grill in a gas station.I actually drive by the Shell station with its "Gyros & More" banner almost every day in a rush and finally found time to stop.At the cashier's suggestion, I upgraded my falafel sandwich order to a falafel platter.  For $1.50 more, the sandwich came with two sides and extra pita. Most restaurants would charge that much just for extra pita!I had to get my eats to-go, because there was a baby bouncing on my hip and Papu's does not have any highchairs in its small, tidy seating area. Luckily, she conked out in the car and I was able to dig in as soon as we got home.The sandwich's namesake falafels were exactly as they should be, crispy on the outside, crumbly on the inside (and not dripping with grease). The pita, a thick flatbread variety, was warm, moist and delicious.The first side dish, a tabbouleh/salad mixture, left me a little cold. The flavor was fine, but I found the combination of tabbouleh and lettuce a bit odd. I am probably just spoiled; my mother makes a mean bowl of tabbouleh that is very, very hard to top.  The side of hummus was fantastic. It came garnished with feta, olives, and some kind of hot chili sauce that did a number on my sinuses.I had put my leftover hummus away the fridge, but while writing this review I went back downstairs to finish it off!With their mouth-watering food at fabulous prices, Papu's will definitely be getting my repeat business and deserves yours too.Note: Papu's is now open Sundays and evening hours. I hear that the Shawarma is ridiculously good. And be sure to ask for a side of the hot sauce. See photos and more on my Tumblr blog: The Family Unit (link under profile)
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2011,1/14/2012,467,1371,,13,4>So, living a few minutes from downtown Overland Park and driving through it all the time, I don't miss when we lose a business or when we get a new one.  In the space that belonged to Crave (for approximately 5 minutes, which is about how much longer the cupcake craze is going to last) is a brand new Salvadorean restaurant.I mean, get this, in the heart of Johnson County there is a new Ethiopian restaurant about 300 yards away from a new El Salvadorean restaurant?  Across the street from one of the oldest Farmers Markets in the city?  Yeah, we're pretty cool.That being said, I don't think this place has been open more than 10 days and I did a bit of digging to find a review and found one in the Star:kansascity.com/2011/10/3Read it, at more leisure.  For now, here's what I liked and loved:Liked:That my friend and I walked in at 8pm and despite the fact that they were about to close (as all restaurants in Johnson County on Sunday do, as a matter of fact), they stayed open for us, and took another family who came in after us.  To know that they are still trying to transition from their full-time jobs into running this full-time, I know that off-time is precious and I appreciated that.The restaurant was clean and well kept-up.  The decor was simple and not kitschy.The menu was uncomplicated.  No pretense.  Just the Spanish names with full explanations and pictures, even.Loved:My panes rellenos.  This is roasted marinated chicken in a french roll with lettuce, tomato, radish, cucumber, with mayo and a spoonful of chicken broth over the whole thing (like a sandwich from Mother's in NOLA).  He asked if I wanted escabeche (pickled cauliflower, carrot, and onion).  Is it more authentic, I asked.  Yes, of course!  And you arrange that over the top of your sandwich - which is well constructed enough to pick up and eat, but I preferred to cut with a knife and fork.My beef pastel(es) (the plural).  It's corn flour dough stuffed with ground beef and vegetables, then lightly deep-fried and served with tomato cilantro salsa.   Let it rest, it's hot.My horchata.  It was clearly freshly made, unlike the corporate stuff you'll find at most places.  Really washed down my food well.Would have loved:The fruit empanadas.  But I was stuffed.Now go.  They even have breakfast!
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,1/13/2012,76,154,3,4,5>LETS GO ROYALS! (this is where you clap xxxxx) I like the good ole, take me out to the ball game feel.I do like this stadium! I love everything about it. things like...the fountainsthe party deckthe fieldand the food....aahhh speaking of food, yum-o! Strouds, Gates, Topsys, Jose Peppers, and the good ole fashion hot dog, nachos, popcorn, cotton candy, and peanuts!Its always a fun time at the ball park!
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2011,1/12/2012,30,97,,12,6>I feel like a jerk for not trying this place in the 5 years living in Midtown because the Jerk Chicken is out of this world. The Steamed Cabbage and Red Beans and Rice that come as sides were amazing.  I am still craving some more steamed cabbage, it was that great.  The Women running this place are Jamaican and I am pretty sure they were speaking in Creole.   I will be back plenty more times, I really think this restaurant is a hidden gem of Kansas City.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2011,1/11/2012,57,252,3,4,4>Girls Night Out meant a long dinner for 4 at Trezo Mare in Briarcliff Shops this last Saturday night. It was a great experience with only a few minor glitches. Glitch number one, we didn't get a booth. The hostess said all their booths were spoken for but we saw many left open (including a perfect corner booth) all evening. It would have been much more comfy and private than the table. Ordering was difficult because everything sounded wonderful! The table ordered two appetizers. The chicken artichoke dip and fried calamari. The dip was pureed. Ew. It lacked in flavor which we remedied with salt, but it was still strange. I was hungry so I did eat some, but I wouldn't order it again. The calamari was the app hit of the table. It looked like mozzarella sticks and came with a light marinara. How you get a calamari into a 4 inch long rectangle I don't even want to know. I've only had fried calamari twice and my first experience was much better, but the rest of the table LOVED it. One friend and I ordered the crab bisque with our entree. I cannot pass up crab bisque when I see it offered. Pierpont's has ruined me for all other crab bisque! I didn't like it at all! One friend said, "It's not warm enough." Another sampled it and said,"Good but a little salty." I must say that after 8 sips I just couldn't handle the salt anymore. It was overwhelming and a real disappointment. That was glitch number 2.  I ordered the chicken fettucini with smoked tomato cream sauce, bacon, and spinach for my entree. It was really great. I didn't see any bacon and the spinach was stirred in uncooked and hadn't wilted either...hmm, glitch. The sauce was so good! We tasted each others entrees and they were all yummy. Chicken Saltimbocca was my favorite. The chicken was super tender and the warm smell of sage and cream took us all to our happiest Thanksgiving memories. The Wood-Fired Chicken came with a fabulous red pepper buerre blanc and gorgeous asparagus. The grilled flavor paired with the sauce was great. Shrimp Diavlo came with fusili a.k.a. rotini or cork screw pasta. The pasta was cooked al dente and the sauce wasn't too spicy. Since we were in the party mood we ordered desserts. I ordered the cheesecake with chocolate sauce at our waiter's suggestion only to be told by a completely new waitress that they were out of the sauce and would berry compote be ok? The cheese cake was ok. The crust was fantastic because I love it when it's not some gross graham cracker/nut catastrophe. I prefer a shortbread or spongecake crust just like I had in New York City. I'm spoiled for that too, now. lolI didn't taste the other two desserts ordered but they looked wonderful. One of my friends finished my cheesecake for me and thought it was good too. The coffee was good too, even if there were a few grounds in the bottom of the cup. Fortunately I looked before taking the last sip.I would love to go back, order the Chicken Saltimbocca and Chocolate Bar dessert.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2011,1/10/2012,257,96,6,7,7>Crossroads is that cool, laid back place that happens to have awesome service, a great seating area and well, fabulous coffee. I love stopping by in the morning and when I have time, I relax with my Purple Haze. Yes, a short but sweet review. All you need to know is that this is the place to get your coffee.  Hands down...the best.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2011,1/9/2012,53,126,,12,6>Everything everyone has said is true, $10 for one of the better haircuts I've had.  (Wednesday is ladies day and the cuts are cheaper) BUT, it took forever!  They are students and so very slow and deliberate.  Anything they mess up the instructors will fix (hence the amazing haircut, it was the instructor not the student - but how else do they learn).  But I'm used to a haircut taking less than an hour and I think I was there for 2!  So if you are broke or want a really high-end salon hair cut super cheap and have a ton of extra time this is the place for you.  I will probably be back but will certainly allow more time. Everyone was super nice and i have no complaints about the salon. They also have tons of specials and I even got a card for a free haircut for any first time cuts - which I gave to my husband.  They also do beard trimming!
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2011,1/8/2012,46,405,,8,4>First, Mestizo will not be the place for a typical fan of KC style Mexican food.  The menu is radically different than most other Mexican places in KC.  The menu reminds me a bit of Zocalo on the Plaza but the execution at Mestizo is orders of magnitude better than Zocalo.I dined with a group of colleagues over dinner and we all really enjoyed our meals.We started with queso fundido, guacamole and chips/salsa.  The fundido was really good, not the best I've ever had but I would order again.  The salsa was above average and had a bit of a kick.  The guacamole was fresh and had high quality ingredients but was a bit mild for my taste.  Several people ordered the nightly special, duck breast.  I was skeptical at 1st but I tried a few bites and the dish was really good.  The duck itself was very mild and the marinade made the dish very flavorful.I had the street style tacos and corn chowder.  The corn chowder was basically a corn and potato soup.  It was good, a bit sweet.  The tacos were very tasty as well but they are super-tiny.  Even smaller than a typical street-style taco from Guadalajara Care or Fridas.We shared several desserts and they were all good.  Churros with ice cream, molten chocolate cake and bananas foster.  They all vanished quickly so the table must have liked them!The tab was about $50/person with drinks.  For a business meal, that is a fairly inexpensive tab.  I'll be coming back...
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2011,1/7/2012,21,97,7,8,5>Is this the Best Sushi I've Ever Had In My Life?  Nope - it's totally passable, yummy sushi.  Normally, a place like Friends would be a three star restaurant.  What pushes it to five?  Three things that end up making all the difference in the world: 1. Happy Hour - their Monday and Saturday tradition of discounted rolls and sushi, gosh, the prices are unbelievable for what you get.2. Amazing service - every time we've gone, the waitstaff has been so sweet, so knowledgeable, helpful and cool and nice.  Just a really nice, well-trained staff.   3. OMFG THEY DELIVER.  I can count on one hand the number of places I've been able to find in KC that deliver since I've moved here.  Friends delivers their unbelievably inexpensive, perfectly good sushi to my HOUSE so that I don't have to leave, and can eat sushi while I watch True Blood or read comic books in my pajamas.  Thank you, Friends.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2011,1/6/2012,516,731,4,9,7>Long story short: Yes!!  I can fulfill my Asian food/ingredient cravings whenever I want!!  Well, kinda out of the way, but yeah...Long story long:I sure did pick a good time to move out to Kansas City.  Yes, the weather was a little hot, but at least I wouldn't be moving out in the snow if I had waited to start school in January for spring semester (which my mom wanted me to do).  TWO Trader Joe's just opened up earlier this summer.  Ok... I guess that's it, at least off the top of my head.But another thing, a large Asian market!!!  I was first told of this from a family I know that lives in Lee's Summit.  They told me about a 99 Ranch like Asian market in Overland Park that just recently opened up.  There's apparently another Asian market not too far from there called Oriental Market (which I happened to go there on a separate occasion and reminds me more of a Mitsuwa Japanese market).Walking in, I could smell some Chinese herbs, which I'm normally not a fan of, but that to me signified I was in the right place.  They've got a small "food court" stand selling take out food on one end.  Their produce section is still a little lacking, but considering they just opened, I'll give them the benefit of the doubt that it'll only get better.  They also have live seafood, which is mainly lobster, crab, and a couple of fish.  But a live lobster and crab tanks tell you the place is legit.  The prices seemed a little steep, but at least if I decided to splurge on fresh lobster or crab, I know where to go.Walking up and down the aisles, they seemingly had everything that a 99 Ranch market offers, which means if I ever am in the need to cook Asian food (which actually isn't THAT often), I know where to go.  Yes, this is kind of out of the way for me, as it probably takes a good 20, almost 30 minutes one way to get there.  Ok... still maybe closer to 20, but you know what I mean.On the other end of the store, they've got a wide variety of cookware, pots and pans that are typical for Asian cooking, like bamboo and metal steamers, woks, spiders (large meshes spoons), as well as plateware and such.  They even have the two compartment hot pot pots!!! sampan.org/wp-content/upThey also have butane camping stoves (which I bought because I have an electric range at home and I HATE cooking on electric), as well as water heaters and rice cookers.  Again, a one stop Asian market stop!!!
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2011,1/5/2012,70,56,7,7,6>Just 2 reasons why you should run, not walk to El Camino Real-1. for $5.95 at lunch you can get 2 tacos, rice and beans.  2. the tacos al pastor - (and cue the porn music cause I'm about to get graphic) seasoned pork cooked on a spit that has a fresh, luscious pineapple grilling above it, dripping it's sweet juices all down the succulent pork causing crispy, carmelized edges to form.  Both the meat AND the pineapple (why did I never think of this taco combo???) are sliced off and put into freshly rolled corn tortillas fried on a greasy grill and delivered to your table w/ helpings of cilantro, diced onions and homemade pico.  Hopefully, you're on your way out the door right now.
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,1/4/2012,47,283,3,8,5>The zoo! Who doesn't love a good zoo?The KC Zoo is really quite nice. The Africa section in particular is neat, with the animals in a more natural setting- you can see the giraffes from the lion and rhino sections, but fences and wide areas of open space separate them, so it's not *too* realistic. The new polar bear exhibit was neat- I was so happy to see the environmental message about habitat loss and climate change, which is actually spread throughout the zoo.  The rainforest section was also cool- neat mini-monkeys from South America and capybaras. Oh, and who doesn't love orangutans and red pandas? So cute!The zoo also has beer and veggie burgers! I was so excited to see that they were thinking of veggies and adults. A cold beer near the kangaroos was such a treat. On days with a heat warning admission is half price, and you get a free tram ride, which made our experience so much more pleasant on a 96 degree day. They also had misting fans set up throughout, which kept us all cool. We didn't try the Africa safari ride (like a ski lift over the African animals) because we have a squirmy toddler, but it looked like fun.Most of the animals have a zoo keeper talk at some point during the day, and many of the exhibits had docents on hand to answer questions, showing the dedication to education. There were also lots of spots to sit and just watch the animals do their thing, which was pretty cool. I especially liked the shaded rocking chairs on the wooden porch near the kudus.Sure, this isn't quite Brookfield (in Chicago), Omaha, or San Diego, but it's also more accessible (less walking, easier to tackle in a day), less expensive, and set in the trees of Swope Park. Lovely!
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,1/3/2012,118,260,3,5,6>Longboards is one of those places where when you're trying to decide what sounds good, one person gets that look and you both know, yeah. Hell yeah, Longboards.  Then you both nod in agreement and get that silly little grin knowing you're going to get something really good.The food is touted as island wraps but I've spent a little bit of time on Pacific Isands and missed wraps.  That doesn't matter though because they are freaking delicious.  They've got spicy options, not spicy, kid options and, by substituting their smoked tofu for the various meat options, vegetarian options (and vegan if you leave out the cheese). I've never had a bad experience at Longboards.  The staff is always friendly and quick to check on you to make sure you're happy with everything. It's not fancy but it's not a dive either.  It's not a date place unless it's like the 8th date and you're on the way to concert or something.Definitely worth a try.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2011,1/2/2012,521,843,,10,7>Sometimes I wish I could give something 4.5 stars, but seriously, the food and service deserves 10 stars, and I'm torn, between four and 5 stars. The server, who might have been the cook bent over backwards for me. This is for the cafe, which is delicious. As for the market, I glanced in and around. Impressive selection that will beckon my call when I have more time. Lot's of Middle Eastern specialty food in this small, but well packed grocery store. Even Middle Eastern soda in cans, which I find fascinating. I find all sodas from foreign countries fascinating. The employees of both the store and the cafe are charming, friendly, and I love exploring different cultures. Strolling up and down the aisles gave me a sense of being somewhere else for a second. I chose Shahrazad Cafe cause I have read Rob M.'s review, and I love baba ganoush and falafel. The cafe is small, and then I read a Yelp' review, and fond out it used to be a Quizno's. Don't expect a beautifully decorated cafe. There is one part of the wall that has an aged area, where there used to be an arched painting or wall decoration,and the wall paper is coming off on the corner. Take out, for me, in this area is never an option as this is way too far from home.  I chose to eat in the cafe, despite the wall in need of good repair, maybe it is being painted? I can ignor the wall, cause wait until you hear about the food, and how good it is.  I asked if I was to sit anywhere,and the man at the counter was very polite. He was very quick to take my order (easy for me, baba ganoush,and falafel appetizer). I ordered water, and he bought out a bottled water, and didn't charge me for it. The bottle of water was a blessing, cause I was on my way to Zumba class, and I had forgotten my bottled water.The falafel was delicious. It had the correct spice, and was completely Middle Eastern, not Americanized Middle Eastern.. There are 8 on the plate. It had a type of sauce but I don't prefer falafel with any sauce. The falafel was about the size of golf balls. It's difficult for me to describe how good they actually were. You'll have to try them yourself, for $3.99.The baba ganoush was equally as good, with fresh pita bread for dipping. The server offered me more pita bread if I needed it.He was attentive, but not overly. I thought service was good.  I had enough falafel to take home for a yummy snack tomorrow.  Hopefully, next time I'll be able to visit the market a bit longer.
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2011,1/1/2012,530,119,8,7,9>Do you like Hot Dogs? Do you like Hot Dogs that are based upon the flavors made famous in some of America's Greatest Cities?  Do you like driving around the hidden byways of Missouran suburbia looking for a Hot Dog Stand that serves some amazing takes on them?  Well, if you're up for that last challenge, I highly recommend Big City Hot Dogs.I'll be honest, the 4 stars is just for the Dawgs.  It's not for the location, the decor, or the overall ambiance of the place.  In my years of eating charming foods in less-than-charming places, you go with your gut, and my gut always says, "If the bite fits, chew it."I'm currently the Duke there, if that tells you anything.  Since I first tried it, I've been there once a week, mostly to flee the scene of my current dayjob.  Thank goodness there's a tasty tube-meat treat mere minutes away, in the sub-rurial blandiosity of Grandview, MO.Seattle style with Cream Cheese.  Atlanta style with Chili. Of course, Chicago and Coney Island style, but what you have to try are the Kansas City style dogs.  TWO of them.  Why?  Because the flavor profile of KCMO deserves it.  My personal favorite is the BBQ Dog : 1/4 pound frank, wrapped in bacon, smothered in chopped onions, blue cheese crumbles, and BBQ sauce.  Holy smokes that's one delicious dawg!  My chewmories are making me drool onto my corporately-sanctioned desktop as we speak!  And it's only 9 AM!Every dog I've bitten (Ha!) here has the same attention to quality : fresh ingredients (like CRUNCHY onions!!!), perfectly grilled lengths of meat cylinders on fluffy buns, peppers  you bite into and reap the perfectly spicy compliments of that fiery condiment....oh man, I gotta go get one, and soon.  And I already went on Monday!!!Anyhow, like I said, be prepared for a strange drive to get there, and when you see the little red and white shack in the parking lot of the Dollar Store up on the Bluffs of Grandview, you're concerns will waft away on the fragrant clouds of meat-scent when you open up that picture perfect wiener in front of you.  Yes, I said wiener.  Now, bite.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2011,12/30/2011,136,37,3,11,5>How have I not been here sooner!!?? This place is SO good.We went in around 7 on a Friday evening. Not many people dining (they say they do the most business around breakfast and lunch). The host and server were some of the most polite people I have ever met! I ordered the 3 piece fried chicken dish with corn, mashed potatoes, and bread. My husband ordered chicken and waffles. (When we lived in L.A. that was our fav thing to go out and eat!)My meal was AWESOME!! My husband's meal was just as good. I think those were the best waffles I've EVER had!Our bill was $17. Two meals and drinks..crazy!!My meal was only $4.99!This place is a must! You'll never want to eat fried chicken anywhere else!
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2011,12/29/2011,28,62,3,4,3>A solid 4.5 stars, methinks. And a warning to the attention deficit: you can get lost in this place for hours.I've been to Halcyon a handful of times, for a variety of reasons. The first was to see a band play a free record release show in the back room. They were so loud that after striking one note, a few frames hanging on the wall above the vintage couch hit the ground (no kidney-shaped coffee tables were harmed, though). The room was packed with more old music equipment and furniture than it was people, but everyone had a pretty good time. And they have a Howard the Duck poster on the wall, so there's that.The second time I visited I had a better opportunity to explore the ever-changing stock they have of things people could have otherwise thrown away or stored in a flimsy cardboard box in their attic for the next two decades. Halcyon offers a pretty wide array of styles that ultimately clashes in an unavoidable mish mash of novelty items, clothing, and toys among the multiple rooms inside the business. There's no precise method to how things are displayed, only a general theme flowing from room to room.Upon entering, one sees a small section of local music to the right, some vintage clothing of varying worth and sweat stains to the left, a few cases of well-organized, albeit over-priced records past that, and continuing on, one happens into a nerd-friendly area of toys, books, VHS tapes, cassettes, CDs, and old Playboys (I chose not to omit that part of my exploration). At any given time, there is a shelf in the center of the main room containing a dozen or so Star Wars toys from the original trilogy (as if there were any other worth mentioning).At this point, one would venture on and walk through a poster-covered hallway littered with arcade games and beer memorabilia (I'm certain there are no less than three things containing the Schlitz trademark), and come to a fork that leads to a narrow room, both walls of which are covered in vintage (there's that word again) stereo equipment on the left - on the right a large, open room with music equipment and furniture, which places us at the genesis of this story during my first visit."Something for everyone" is a pretty throw-away term these days, but I defy anyone to leave this place empty handed after browsing for an hour.
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2011,12/28/2011,43,55,7,8,6>The boyfriend and I don't eat meat unless it's from the sea. And with a name like PotPie, he was understandably skeptical of our options. Even after repeated nudges from me to check the Yelp reviews ("BABE! Everyone says the mussels and the scallops are amazing!"), I'm pretty sure he was expecting Marie Calendar's. He admitted he was wrong. And I reveled in that.So PotPie... First: Make a reservation. We were able to get in on a Saturday at 8 pm after calling earlier that day. And it's a good thing because the cozy restaurant was totally packed when we arrived. Second: Don't expect a lengthy menu. It's brief and displayed on a large chalkboard. The selections change based on what's available and in season. Third: Order a drink. Both the cocktails and the wine were top-notch.Fourth: ORDER THE MUSSELS. I'm serious. They are life-changing. And plentiful. We devoured them and sopped up the tasty broth with fresh bread. And then we took our spoons and kept right on going until the bowl was empty and we were in a blissful mussel/broth coma. And maybe this makes me a weirdo, but even the butter that was served with the bread was awesome. Fifth: If the entrees don't float your boat (vegetarians, I'm looking at you), go with a salad and soup or the spinach and brie tart. After gorging myself on mussels and buttered bread, I wasn't up for a big entree. I opted for the goat cheese and beet salad and the tart. It was still more than I could possibly finish, but OMG so good. The tart was nothing like I was expecting - more of a pile of sliced, melty brie mixed with spinach and garlic inside a pastry shell. I happily shared it with the boyfriend and he just as happily gobbled up his portion. Sixth: The bite of scallops and risotto I sampled from the BF's plate were awesome. So should scallops be your thing, these babies were plump and perfectly seared and seasoned. Seventh: Order another drink. You know you want to. Eighth: Save room for dessert. We didn't, but after hearing about the bread pudding and cheesecake options, I immediately wished we had. Conclusion: Make a reservation for PotPie immediately.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2011,12/27/2011,74,1211,4,6,4>Yes... it is a 5 star value... but for now a total pain in the ass to visit because of the insane crowds and checkout wait. It is quite stupid, in fact. The crowding reminds me of a newly opened Wal-mart in a small town, or an E Leclerc store in France. That is not a good thing.Aside from the silly crowding TJ's is just a what a grocer should be. Branding is not an issue. Quality and price are the issues. TJ's products are obviously vetted for quality and the prices are fair. That is why people love this place. A secondary reason is that they staff adequately, and mostly with people who have a good attitude. It is sad to say that this is not the normal practice of retail these days. Five Guys and Chick Fil A are two other places in the same center that also get it right. Ward Center is going to benefit greatly from this outstanding service.
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2011,12/26/2011,146,38,,7,1>We were brunching on our initial "preview trip" to GRB. It was a Saturday and I was shocked at the crowd that was there considering how new the place was and given its somewhat remote location. I figured it would take a while before people started thinking about going to the West Bottoms during the lunch hour. We got the last seats in the house, including the ones at the bar.Breakfast menus were no longer being handed out, but I picked on up and saw a thoughtful list of meals, from the simple and healthy like steel cut oats or ruby red grapefruit with caramelized sugar, to the heartiest of warm breakfasts like the Farmer's Plate, corned beef and potato hash and cornmeal pancakes. The lunch menu, though, is thoughtfully breakfasty, as well. Clearly management realizes folks like me may stumble in past noon still seeking their first meal of the day and a cup of hot coffee. How accommodating.We somehow avoided the many sandwiches, including grilled cheese, a hamburger on Wolferman muffin, turkey and ham, corned beef, chicken salad and ham salad. My wife got the Vegetable Tartine and I the Creamtop Buttermilk Biscuit and Fried Chicken.The tartine was a healthy eater's dream: a large piece of perfectly browned toast with a bed of caramelized onions, shaved Brussels sprouts, roasted slices of butternut squash topped with mixed greens. One of those meals that, at first glance, you wouldn't think would be filling, but when done, you're completely sated and feeling good about your healthy decision.My chicken and biscuit, though falling on the opposite end of the health spectrum, were equally satisfying. The bottom half of a perfectly golden, soft biscuit was dog-piled by a big piece of fried, juicy white chicken breast, gravy and a perfectly cooked sunny side up egg. Lightly dressed mixed greens on the side. Delicious down-home indulgence. That's all I have to say about that.After finishing our meals, our attentive, friendly server kept dropping by to top off our coffee cups. We hung around and relaxed for a while, took in the comfortable surroundings, noted the generally pleased expressions of the other patrons (among them John McDonald of Boulevard), watched Schulte pass from the kitchen area (sparkling stainless steel and white tile seen through a rectangular cutout in the wall back by the restrooms) to the bar and back with food and dishes, greeting all the guests with a familiarity like he knew them as established regulars and I thought to myself that this is how it should be. This is my favorite type of restaurant. Classy yet relaxed, unique but not kitschy. Whether upscale or affordable, this is what I'm always looking for in a dining experience.As with Happy Gillis, one could make the argument that the prices are a little on the high side (just a tad) compared to other lunch spots' sandwich prices and portions. I don't totally disagree, but I'll knowingly pay two or three bucks more per entree  for food and atmosphere like this. I can't afford it every week but it's a great treat and worthy, in my mind, of a three napkin rating.I'll return soon and provide an update on other items from the menu. But I'd say Genessee Royale Bistro is off to a great start with a solid, proven concept that I'd happily travel a few miles, over a river and through a dark and vacated stockyard to enjoy.
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2011,12/25/2011,76,219,4,4,3>A great place, and a great experience.  Fun to people watch, being a person being watched, and get some good fruits/veggies on a Saturday morning.  Cons:  Not pet friendly!  We have to leave our little girl at home, or one of us must stay out in the 'free zone' with her, which detracts from the experience.  Then again, if it's taking my wife hours, then I can go get coffee and ogle the desserts and some of the nearby shops.  So maybe that's a plus?Another con:  The ride for kids in the little cars following the lawn mower??  CUTE!  In concept, anyway.  If there could be a more loveless, non-kid appealing lady driving the train, I don't know where that person is. Perhaps one of the women who has professed their love to Ted Bundy post-incarceration?  I think my nephew was both thrilled with the ride, and unsure of what to think of the woman driving.  So sad to be that conflicted at 3 1/2.  So I walked along-side him to assuage any anxiety, give me a workout, and watch for any stalkers.  Or maybe _I_ was the one who looked like a stalker.  Whatev.Oh, and I guess the ride COULD traverse a little more territory, or cover some more interesting ground.  But I guess safety and all of that.  Still, it's hard being a 3 year old pimp out here.But I digress.This market is really great, and we love going!
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,12/24/2011,91,26,,7,7>I've been visiting River Roll about 3 times a week lately, not because I have children or am a school teacher (which I don't and I'm not), instead I frequent River Roll because I am a roller derby girl. With that being said, I am not at River Roll when it's open to the public, so I can't rate or judge the facility based on service. However, I can say that River Roll is quite clean! Their snack bar, tables, lockers, cubbies, restrooms and sales counter are actually immaculate for an older skating rink. I've been to other rinks where the restrooms are out of soap and toilet paper (= bad news) at the same time! When out on the rink floor, be weary of the dust/dirt and other residues which make the floor a bit slippery. Otherwise, River Roll has a lot going for itself. Please take advantage of everything River Roll has to offer - namely the derby bouts!
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2011,12/23/2011,255,475,3,6,5>I don't even like to read. Well, let me re-state that. I like the benefits of having read something, but can't seem to sit still very long with a book without feeling like I am forgetting to do something else or tempted to fall asleep. Anyway, I thus find it funny that I am giving a library 5-stars. Here is why:- Though it may look small, this library is very thorough and chock-full of books, media, kids resources, computers, work stations, magazines, DVDs, books on tape, etc. - The facility is VERY, VERY clean, organized, and beautifully decorated. - This location is chock-full of things to do: read-alongs, tutoring, classes, trivia, contests, etc. Never a dull moment!- The staff are SUPER sweet and helpful. - It is BEYOND easy to check out materials here. First of all, if you want any book within the larger metro system, you can simply log-into the library's website via your library card and request any kind of material (I usually get books on tape because, as you already know, I dislike reading, but they also keep me company during my work commute). Within a few days I get an e-mail stating that my material is already at my requested location waiting for me. When you arrive at the library, there are a few shelves just for your material on hold arranged by requester's last name. And if that isn't amazing enough, you don't even need to go to the checkout desk to take them home - there are self-check outs that will e-mail your receipt if you prefer rather than wasting paper. Seriously, light years away of the libraries of my childhood. Oh, and speaking of e-mails: you can count on an e-mail to also remind you when your checked-out material is due, a service for which I am seriously indebted!- Great location, lots of parking, great hours. Did I mention that I don't even like to read? Five stars, amazing library, you!
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2011,12/22/2011,67,229,,3,5>This is one of my favorite restaurants in Kansas City. The interior of this former railroad building is so cool and retro--huge vaulted ceilings of rough hewn wood beams, brick walls, etched glass, giant posters of the famous Austrian coffee company Julius Meinl--I just love everything about it. I am a huge old black & white movie fan (I watch TCM all the time) and it seems like the type of place you could imagine seeing Peter Lorre or Marlene Dietrich passing secrets to allied spies in pre-WW2 Vienna. The soundtrack definitely adds to the ambiance. It's all jazz and big band music from the 30s and 40s. While I was there I heard The Ink Spots ("If I Didn't Care" which you will immediately recognize if you've seen The Shawshank Redemption), Billie Holiday, Doris Day, The Pied Pipers, Dizzy Gillespie and others. I loved it *so* much. The food and service were both top notch. Our server was so charming and knowledgeable about the menu (both food and drinks), yet didn't hover or makes us feel rushed. It was just the type of service you'd expect from a really experienced server who knows what they are doing. The food was just delicious. Like, lick the plate clean delicious. I really loved the entire experience of dining here. As I left, I noticed outside there were some umbrella covered tables and lights strung up over the patio. I bet that would be a magical and romantic setting on a beautiful and warm night. I can't wait to go back and find out!
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2011,12/21/2011,553,763,,7,4>I have been back several times for facials, which include microdermabrasion.  They continue to do an amazing job.  I joined their facebook page because they are always offering special deals.  I purchased an eye cream and received a free Latisse!  Speaking of special, i tagged along with my mom for a treatment and Brooke came out into the waiting area and asked me if I wanted to come back and do a light peel while i was waiting.  The service was complimentary!  It is nice to feel appreciated as a customer.I have been back for the Vita Peel twice.  It is a medium intensity peel (not the strongest they offer) and it is a good one to do if you you don't want any down time.  You will get some light peeling about three days after the peel, but you can manage that by choosing a specific day to do the peel and using a SkinMedica lotion to keep things moist.  When you book your appointment, they can discuss all this with you.  I like to do the peel on a Friday, so I don't get flaky until Monday or Tuesday when I am at home.  I plan to do the strongest peel this winter when it is super convenient to sit around the house.I have only done one laser treatment and I have not done any inject-ables.  I do want to mention that both my sister and my mom have done laser hair removal at Monarch and are completely happy with their services.  My mom only has a couple more treatments before she is done and my sister is scheduling future treatments.  My mom is pretty sensitive, like me, so she would never go back for more unless she was happy.  She is even taking her cousin in for a treatment in a couple weeks.Once a year they have a customer appreciation event around October.  I love this event because you can talk to their staff about treatments.  You can also register for free giveaways, which is how I got started at Monarch.  My new plan is to get the boyfriend going.  Peels are important for guys since their skin is always neglected.  The days of dudes ignoring their skin are over.  Men, throw away the bar of Irish Spring and get a real skin care routine!  Buy a gift certificate and push your man through the front door.  It helps your case when the lovely ladies at Monarch are relaying the message!Read my other reviews.  I don't throw around five stars often.  This place has something special.
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2011,12/20/2011,56,100,,4,3>Your teeth need a treat so get here for the Zucca chips. These are thinly sliced zuccini quickly browned in olive oil with a light sprinkling of sea salt. A pile is served to you in a bowl for sharing. These chips are not greasy and they are somewhere between soft and crunchy in texture. Not soggy, but when you chew them your teeth will be amazed that something can be soft And crunchy.The menu is not traditional Italian fare but a more contemporary spin on pasta, pizza and salad dishes. I can recommend the salads and pasta from experience but I've never tried the pizza selections.Recently I had the Bucatini which was braised beef short ribs, roasted cherry tomato, roasted red peppers and garlic! Tasteeeee!So far, all of my experiences with the service have been great. The prices are high so expect to pay for the quality of the food and service.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,12/19/2011,45,45,3,7,5>I don't think I have enough words to describe how much I love these ladies! I had just had a baby 7 weeks prior to my session with these two amazing women. I think like most moms might feel after having a baby there were times I wasn't feeling so pretty, confident etc.... Well not after my visit with Vixen Pin-Up photography.I felt amazing and these two went above and beyond to make sure I felt that way. I couldn't have been happier.  You girls rock!!!So If you want some amazing pictures done of yourself this is the place to go!
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2011,12/18/2011,30,269,,8,3>There are lots of nice places to have lunch in this town, but only a couple that allow the patrons to indulge their love of art at the same time.  Rozzelle Court is my favorite because the dining area is within a magnificent sun drenched court yard and surrounded by rooms and rooms of some of the most precious art treasures in the world.Happily, the food at Rozzelle Court lives up to the glorious surroundings and makes this the perfect place to have lunch with family or friends.  A typical daily menu will offer a couple of entree luncheon choices that come with side dishes and a roll.  There are also sandwiches, soups and salads and several tempting desserts.  The menu changes with each new day and the emphasis is on what is fresh and often seasonal.  My friend Rosemary and I both decided on the half sandwich and cup of soup combo when we were there today.  The California Club was stacked high with fresh tomato, lettuce, bacon, ham and turkey and dressed with avocado spread on a lovely wholesome multi-grain bread.  I ordered a cup of fish and shrimp bisque and Rosemary got a vegetable and white bean soup that was very hearty and that she loved.  My cup of bisque was creamy and very good.  I nearly always will try something different when I visit Rozzelle Court and the chef often surprises with new combinations that I have not encountered anywhere else.Service is handled cafeteria line style with everyone loading the dishes they order on a tray and then pouring their own drinks and carrying the trays to tables arrayed around the center of the courtyard.  The three steps down from where the serving line is set up are always a little awkward for me to maneuver but there are helpers who can carry your tray for you, if that is necessary.Some of my favorite memories from my life are wrapped around visits to the Nelson-Atkins and eating with loved ones at Rozzelle Court.  So I give this wonderful place Five Big Stars.
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2011,12/17/2011,57,364,2,4,3>At my lactose-intolerant-friends urging (and she WAS driving the car) I gave Mud Pie a shot. Consider this carnivore impressed. My scone was moist and flavorful and my latte was smooth and creamy. I took a cinnamon roll home and could barely get a bite away from my teenaged son. I really had to think about the fact that there was no milk or dairy in any of it, you can't tell.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2011,12/16/2011,23,44,9,9,13>Good gawd!  No one has reviewed Epsteins!Well, lemme tell ya, you're missing out.  They won't feed you here and you won't get your happy hour buzz on, but have you ever been in a time machine? Nuff said.....but, none the less I will say more.Located here since 1930, Harry's is operated by the grandsons of Harry and I believe a grandspring has wormed his way into this dusty operation.  The place is primarily a wholesale operation that distributes hand tools, military surplus, and macho chatchkes around the world.Though ho-sale, they are open to retail walkins, as well.  Get your butch on, along with a dash of archeologist, and stroll the isles of this old line operation.You can anticipate discovering things along the lines of five foot bolt cutters next to diamond cutter kits, periscope cleaning kits standing next to a blacksmiths anvil, Italian officers deluxe field dining setups next to tooled and engraved saddles sized to fit a schnauzer.For years I have treasured a stainless steel Soviet military flask from Harry's.  Pray tell is there anything more appropo to keep your vodka handy?
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2011,12/15/2011,28,132,,6,2>After having a perfect night last night at Room 39, I thought I would write an update.  We got a beet, chorizo, and goat cheese amuse bouche brought to us.  Husband got Ribeye.  I got duck.  We each started out with a salad and opted to get the morel mushroom appetizer.  It was one of the most delicious things I've ever eaten.  Sliced morels, onions, pecans in its own mushroomy broth, I was trying to discretely and politely use the bread to sop up every bit of that broth once the morels were gone.  It was So good.  Our entrees were both outstanding.  We got lemon panna cotta for dessert which was also sensational.  Our biggest issue last time was the server, who wasn't that friendly, which made it so that I couldn't give a perfect 5 to Room 39.  Our server this time was great.  She was very attentive, and even the manager kept coming over to see how we enjoyed each course.  An altogether perfect evening.  Perfectly delicious.
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,12/14/2011,30,102,4,10,8>Alex is the man! After reading some good reviews, I brought in 4 watches and a gold bracelet all for different repairs. The broken bracelet clasp is a one of a kind that he had to do a custom job on to repair. The watches varied from taking out links, replacing crystal, and fixing broke bands. He had all this done the FOLLOWING DAY! Had everything shined up and all times set. He's my go-to man for jewelery and watch services!
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2011,12/12/2011,12,16,2,38,16>Definitely a hidden gem and not at all what you'd expect from their date, strip mall location. Most of me wants people to know how fantastic it is so it'll stay in business for many years to come but I'll admit that there's a little part of me that wants to keep it and it's cozy atmosphere all to myself.Food: AMAZING fried rice. I'm a huge fan of fried rice so I have some high expectations and theirs absolutely lived up to it. Crab rangoon was delicious, the seasoning on our chicken and beef dishes were outstanding and everything was served piping hot. I don't have a single bad thing to say about their food-- the best I've had since moving to Kansas. Service: The staff was extremely friendly and helpful without being too intrusive. There weren't a ton of people there when my boyfriend and I went but our waitress came by often to refill drinks and make sure we didn't need anything else and (who I'm 90% sure was) the owner came by once or twice to make sure we were happy as well. Atmosphere: The only word I can think of to describe the overall atmosphere/decor is pleasant. It was spacious without seeming too big, lighting was bright enough to see but not so bright that you couldn't have a romantic date there and the whole place was very clean. Overall: Definitely try this if you're looking for great Chinese food in a pleasant atmosphere.
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2011,12/11/2011,7,31,3,26,14>* Now my review: I had taken my 3 dogs to Gia for grooming for a little over a year, when Gia left to start her own business I followed her, but continued to patronize her former employers shop for dog food, toys, etc. Gia is simply the best, most straightforward groomer in the area: she is not scared of my big Rott-Labs at all: in fact they melt in her hands. It's nice to have a groomer that has "seen it all" and can deal w/ all of it. Even my 110 "Baby Rott" who is strong and chaos on wheels; my Alpha Male Rott who thinks everything is a chance to prove how tough he is; to my tiny terrier - who actually does rule all of us. Yes, they are my children!* Gia takes fabulous care of my babies. She is the ONLY one I will let dog-sit when I travel. (I didn't travel for work before - as I had no one I trusted w/ taking care of my dogs the right way - yes I am a high maintenance customer :) But with Gia, I know my dogs receive the BEST care - when they see her coming, they knock me down to get to her...tails wagging, and crying w/ excitement. It's like they are telling me to "go already." It's a godsend knowing whether they are getting groomed or being dog-sat over night, they are Happy, Safe and loved - how I care for them: with love and kindness. Thus, I can relax. (Even though I do call to check on dogs throughout the day :)My 3 dogs will be back again, for their fabulous grooming and kind and loving care of my dogs: You Can't pay for this Kind of Care !!!!!!!!!!!!!!****************************
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,12/10/2011,23,76,2,3,3>Forgive me if someone has made this comparison already, but Urban Table reminds me of a locally owned, just slightly more rustic (or maybe just less pretentious) Dean and Deluca.  A mix of retail, counter service and table service that can be a bit confusing to a first timer.  I've been back a few times now, but I still not for dinner.  Everything I've had tasted extremely fresh and of great quality.  Example?  You know the sad little fruit garnish that was made out of yucky fruit from the back of the Sysco truck and can come on the side of pretty much anything at pretty much any restaurant?  I've never had one that was more than pathetic.  At Urban Table, theirs are made fresh, from actual fresh fruit, that tastes like fresh fruit, and might even feature something beyond under-ripe melon and over-ripe grapes.  The breakfast potatoes are divine and the coffee is really good and refilled often.
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2011,12/9/2011,50,183,3,6,3>Wow, talk about nice people. Excellent service, very friendly. Had a nice chat with a guy who I assume is one of the owners, and of course I'm always thrilled to talk about food. This place is definitely an asset to the neighborhood. My only gripe is that when I showed up and ordered kitfo, the extremely friendly lady (another owner, I assume) told me they didn't have any. I'm going to give her the benefit of the doubt and assume that they had actually run out of that particular cut of beef, and they weren't just afraid to serve me raw meat. So, unfortunately, I can't rate them on the dish I consider the standard bearer for any Ethiopian place.Of course, this isn't just an Ethiopian place. It's also a Haitian restaurant. I haven't yet tried any of the Haitian dishes, but they looked like what you'd expect: pork, seafood, beans, rice, and plantains. Which is to say, probably delicious!Anyway, what I have tried are, for starters, the beef sambusas. Sambusas (and samosas, although I prefer the thinner, Ethiopian style pastries to the thicker, doughier Indian ones) are one of my favorite appetizers, and the ones here are the best I've ever had. Hands down. Crispy, beefy, and perfectly spiced. As delightful as the sambusas themselves were, they were taken to the next level by the pungent, garlicky green chutney they are served with. It is absolutely to die for. It was so good that when I ran out of sambusas to dip in it, I began scooping it out with my fingers. I am not proud of this, in fact I am somewhat ashamed, but at least I had gotten them to-go. Nobody was there to share my shame, except my cat, and it's not like cats have shame.I ordered the beef shiro, which came with stewed collards (pretty good, I've had better), lentils (pretty good), atiklett (a stew of potato, cabbage, and carrot: this was top notch atiklett!) and the shiro itself (delicious, but not as spicy as I had hoped). In terms of tummy satisfaction, unfortunately, the shiro did not stack up to a good kitfo and I was somewhat disappointed.I'll be back. Oh, definitely. They just better have kitfo next time!
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2011,12/8/2011,148,216,3,6,8>How can you beat 2-for-1 bottles on Sunday and Monday?  I mean,  you order a bottle of wine and they give you another bottle for free!  To take home, even!  That's worth the trip right there.But the pomme frites with truffle aioli and a cheese platter were the perfect accompaniment to our tasty Pinot Noir.Our waiter was extremely helpful without being pushy or over-attentive.  He explained some of the fancy cheeses to us and recommended a good Pinot Noir in a very helpful and non-snooty way.  He let us chat away into the evening, only stopping by to refill our glasses.Overall, an extremely pleasant visit.  I love it when I can go to a restaurant and leave feeling good about the whole experience.  I only wish it had been about 5 degrees warmer, or I'd have brought the dog and sat outside to enjoy the great fall weather.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2011,12/7/2011,146,555,3,6,5>I like KCI or MCI which are it's actual call letters. I have flown all over the world and this is my home airport.It is little and easy to get in and out of. It is far enough outside the city you don't have to hear all the air traffic and you can get direct flights to a lot of locations. You do have a bit of a drive to get there from JoCo about 30 mins. Give yourself extra time in the winter because of ice and snow.The fact that it is small and you can drive right up to one of the three terminals and drop the person off or pick them up is great. If you have to park the first 15 mins are free which is nice, most airports charge no matter how long you are in there.There are a few fast food places inside the terminals. BK, Starbucks and Chili's. A place to buy gum and a read.Security is pretty quick so you really don't have to get there an hour early but we usually do, I have missed to many flights to risk it.The only down side, which really all airports have is once you are through security they can charge whatever they want for a drink or food. We usually bring food in with us and buy a drink on the security side. The restrooms are clean and baggage claim is a breeze.It is not as hectic as LAX, JFK, BWI, ORD, DIA, CDG (France), OKA (Japan), etc. It is just a nice little in and out airport. No frills just brass tacks and that is fine by me. Free WiFi is a big plus love that.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2011,12/6/2011,36,117,1,6,3>The Flea Market reminds you of Westport how it once was.  Or maybe how I remember it.What's true, anyway, what happened or what we remember?Yes infamous serial killer Bob Berdella worked in that booth adjacent from your table.  It's best not to think about what he did while you're eating what is probably the best burger in Kansas City.Decent tap list, though it would be nice to have some of the johnny come latelys like Lagunitas, even some Free State offerings.A good place to people watch.  Some folks who can't quite pop their collar at Kelly's or look so re-runnnnnned rest with a pint and their dinner, crooning into a karaoke machine as they try to move fast enough so disappointments don't catch up with them.Come for trivia.  Donate five dollars to the sharks that sweep these systematically.  Credit card?  You do not got it.  Cash only here.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,12/5/2011,202,441,3,7,5>Bangkok Pavillion is my absolute favorite Thai restaurant in Kansas City!!This place is wonderful in every way. My dining companion and I passed on the buffet, and offered striaght from the menu. I decided to order the strangest thing I could find which resulted in Level 2 Red Thai Duck Curry! (which came with rice) This curry had pineapple and tomotoes with the duck and was incredibly delicious! My friend shared her spring rolls. Every bite was like biting into a lovely vegetable garden. Thai food comes in levels of hotness. I got Level 2 and it was almost too spicy to handle! I can't imagine what Level 5 feels like!!Our waitress was delightful. We were stuffed by the end of our meal, but she came over with the check and offered us free dessert from the buffet!! How can you resist an offer like that!?!Despite being full, we decided to try dessert and thank goodness we did!!! We had some kind of glorious warm, brown sugar tapioca pudding which was absolutely amazing! I have no idea what the other dessert was, but it tasted like Fruity Pebbles!!I adore Bangkok Pavillion!
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2011,12/4/2011,222,511,5,13,5>Nostalgia at it's finest. Wether you're old enough to remember when they had soda fountains in the back of drug stores or just young enough to hear the stories of yesteryear, Fox's is truly a place you'd enjoy, especially if you have an affinity for the past.Walk in and it's your regular mom and pop drug store. Veer to the left and there you'll find a soda counter that's been around since sometime in the mid-19th century. You can either sit on one of the swivel seats at the counter and opt for one of the tables.On the menu is your basic diner fare. Eggs, pancakes, burgers. Nothing exciting. Everything's average except for the prices, which are also a relic of years past. A tenner will allow you to walk out quite full and then some.Everett, the guy that runs this part of the shop, is also a shout out to the past. An older guy, he takes his time to prepare anything. Don't go if in a super rush because it isn't going to happen. He takes his time preparing whatever you want. But it's worth it. You know why? The malts.100 stars for the malts! Not that I have malts often at all but I opted to try it here. Am I glad I did! Best effin malt ever! His slowness pays off here. The malts are hand made. He puts real malt balls in and mixes by hand, then puts it under a mixing machine for a few seconds. OMGSOGOOOOOD. Mine was chocolatey and creamy and malty in the way only the most proper of malts can be. You'll also get not just a glass full; he makes extra because he feels the whole tin should be filled in order for it to be proper. At $3.50 a pop, this one can easily make a meal for two or a dessert drink for 3 or 4 people. This is quantity + quality at its best.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2011,12/1/2011,112,59,4,7,6>Remember when Westport was a hippie hotbed? Well I do. There was more than one head shop and Broadway Cafe wasn't the only place to see crust punks and hippies hanging out with their scruffy dogs with rope for leashes. Those were the days. And that crew would have LOVED Sung Son, and with good reason.Inexpensive food that's fairly healthy, and exotic enough to keep you on your high horse about social issues and well, everything.This place has 44 reviews, 45 when I finish this one, so clearly people are going. But the place is always mostly empty when I've been there, which is weird. Maybe it's more of a lunch spot for weekdays, and I've most been there on weekends for lunch or a weeknight dinner. Who knows. But I feel like back when Westport was a more even split between retail and restaurants/bars, this place would have had a bunch of hippies chowing on bun and vermicelli like there's no tomorrow.In my opinion the weekend buffet is best, because it also includes the made-to-order bun and crepe bars in addition to the buffet itself. I normally hate buffets, and Vietnamese food is my least favorite Asian cuisine generally speaking, but this buffet lets me get a little of all the things I DO like, instead of committing to ordering only one thing.My favorites include their fresh spring rolls which I think are easily the best in Kansas City, as well as the cabbage and ground chicken salad, their currys are good, and I really enjoy the crepes, filled with sprouts and cilantro, that I then douse in fish sauce. Plus, everything fried is awesome, the battered sweet potato, crab rangoon, egg rolls, all pretty awesome. Off the menu I really enjoyed the vegetables in spicy garlic sauce, which is perhaps slightly more Americanized, but still very well prepared. I added tofu to it, which was really delicious.The staff is friendly and the space is clean and modern. I wish the buffet was still available for weeknight dinner, but the menu is big and covers everything you want. Even if you're not a hippie, you'll really enjoy visiting Westport to eat at Sung Son.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2011,11/30/2011,262,244,6,7,6>Post rapture, I decided to invest what I could into some mysticism and possibly some kick ass jewelry, cause, I always like to be prepared. Having been both warned and advised about this store, I knew it was time.  I must have a semi expensive jewelry finding magnet in me somewhere, probably implanted with that chip in my brain.  I bee-lined for the good stuff.  Claddaghs, skull rings, sterling silver, stones an such were in my sights.  A very nice but skeptical gentleman  helped me and showed me almost every display of rings on that side of the store.  I tried on everything and destiny led me to a big, beautiful, bad-ass skull ring.  I choose it for two reasons, 1) not sure which side of the rapture I'll be on so, dress appropriately and 2) go big or go home. The other side of the store were skulls, purposed for other reasons, (i.e. luck, representing a move into higher consciousness, owning a cool skull, etc.)  Additionally, incense, capes(!), books, banners, Buddhas, jewelry, chalices, religious and non-religious objects!  All at pretty reasonable prices.  I bought a jar(?) with a Wiccan symbol on it to keep my skull ring in.  I figure it'll cover all my bases that way. Another cool store on Broadway worth checking out.  Also, the jewelry side is a full service jewelry store, they can create things, size existing jewelry and even buy your old stuff.  They use local artists and are a unique local store.  Go there before the next time the world is supposed to end!
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2011,11/29/2011,366,998,5,5,5>I came back to try food and my first review was more of a placeholder than an actual review.  I don't like to keep drafts on my Yelp profile just like how I clear our my spam from my email every day to keep it clean.I had the Smokestack Burger ($9) with fries (additional $2.50) and a Schlafly Oatmeal Stout ($5).  It took awhile for our food to come out but that's because we had 20 or so people in our party.  The Smokestack Burger was yummy and I added all three ketchups on the table to it so I could try them out.  The three ketchups were Old School (which was plain ketchup), Smoked Chipotle, and Whiskey BBQ.  I liked Whiskey BBQ out of the three but it was close between that and the Smoked Chipotle.  The fries were good but were soggy since I took too long taking pictures of almost everybody's food. lol  My Schlafy Oatmeal Stout was pretty good and it reminded me a lot of Guinness.  Good food!
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/5/2011,11/28/2011,88,95,3,5,3>The Quaff is definitely a dive but a perfect representation of KC.  Located in historic downtown KC at the corner of 10th and Broadway you can bet when you walk into this seemingly unimpressive bar you are going to see a brilliant representation of every kind Kansas Citian.  Great little sidewalk sitting area that unfortunately is NOT dog friendly but a good place to sit drinking a Fat Tire, watching the city walk by. The food is your typical bar fare w/ the exception of a decently priced/cooked steak on Wednesday.When I meet someone visiting our fair city and they ask me "where can I go to get a real feel of KC", this is one of the places I ALWAYS recommend.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2011,11/27/2011,83,109,6,9,7>Fat Matt's is your typical crematorium turned bar named after a cat situation. Run by a very nice Wiccan, this bar is located along Sixth Street in the Historic Strawberry Hill Neighborhood. Given it's history, I sometimes expect (and maybe hope) that a ghost or two will make their way to the bar and order a whiskey or maybe a Mike's Hard Lemonade. In my many visits thus far, this has never happened. What has happened though is a good time and the consumption of many beers, which works for me.The bartenders are friendly and generally are willing to chat, especially on quieter evenings. One time when I walked over I found a "fortune teller" some kid made and dropped. This poor kid couldn't even spell the word black (it was written as "blak"). I showed it to the bartender and read his fortune. This fortune teller was somewhat x-rated so I won't reveal it's answer. The bartender was amused and accused me of making it ... which part of me wishes I had.The place doesn't serve food but bartenders will point you in the direction of some if you need it. There are some games to play if you're inclined and there is a jukebox. It's a great dive bar and it should be checked out ... multiple times!
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,11/26/2011,339,655,3,9,7>What an INCREDIBLE VIEW! You're on the edge of a cliff on a bluff overlooking the bottoms, the Missouri River, and the downtown airport. There is a neat statue of Lewis & Clark along with plaques (in English & French), too to signify that they explored the area. This park is dog friendly, but not enclosed (there is talk about making it a dog park). We enjoy long walks along the cliffs at this park and it's nice to go out there during lunch and watch the planes take off and to listen to the trains. You can also find benches, shade (under trees), water fountain (for drinking), and grills to use.For kids, the have a playground.Drawbacks:Stay away July 4th. It gets insane here with drunk people shooting off fireworks day and night, cars navigating narrow streets with illegally parked cars, and gangs.Also avoid evenings (or at least be careful). Criminal elements hang out here, though it's much nicer than it was a few years ago. Although the statue is neat to see at night (all lit up), I heard they also have cameras and speakers wired to the Police Station that can capture suspicious activity at night.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2011,11/25/2011,39,88,5,5,4>Hey sweet thang, can I buy you some fish tacos?!I just had to check this place out given the awesome reviews it got and I'm glad I did!  I've actually been there three times since then and plan to go back many more.  : )As soon as you walk in, you are greeted with a delightful aroma from the fresh food being cooked right there behind the counter.  The rest of the restaurant, although a bit small, was very clean and had a good atmosphere.The first two times I ordered the Cajun Fish Tacos. I love how they wrap a soft shell around the hard shell to keep the tasty goodness from falling out of the bottom.  Absolutely amazing flavor combination with Cajun Grilled Whitefish, Spicy Thai Slaw, Pepper Jack Cheese, Pico de Gallo, and a sweet & spicy Sriracha Honey Aioli sauce to top it off.  I also tried the California Turkey Wrap and the Buffalo Chicken Wrap which were both pretty good too.I really appreciate that everything is completely fresh, cooked right there in front of you with quality ingredients all for a decent price.
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2011,11/24/2011,55,20,6,8,8>A great disturbance in the Force has finally been righted, as the culinary Jedi behind Nica's cafe have returned with a fantastic new restaurant. The Lady and I were big fans of the old Nica's, and fortunately the great food and service has been maintained at the new locale. The new space is everything the old one was not: chic, romantic and friggin' huge!  First Fridays are sure to be big nights here, and the stage is screaming for some of K.C.'s dark, sexy rockers to perform there (hint, hint TLNC).I opted for the build-your-own mac n' cheese w/ pulled pork and candied jalapenos, which proved to be an awesome combo. The pulled pork was smokey with just the right texture, tender and meaty. Mushy pulled pork is a serious buzzkill, and in this BBQ town Nica's pork holds its own quite well. There are hundreds of potential build-your-own combos, and it pays to get creative with them. Don't be afraid of "mango onions" or other ingredients you may be unfamiliar with, they know what they're doing at Nica's.  The lady got her favorite: the Margherita Crepe, and it was just as she remembered. We finished as we always did at the old Nica's, with beignets. I was super excited to see my favorites, the berry and brie variety were still on the menu. The cocktail list was still being tweaked when we were there, but it looks to have some exciting, inventive drinks. Every aspect of Nica's shows the exuberance and excitement the owners have for the entire dining experience. Despite its newness, Nica's 320 is already our go-to dining spot in the Crossroads.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,11/23/2011,26,15,4,13,11>I'm kind of a prissy-pants about my morning coffee and I have traveled the world a fair bit and I am always happy to return home to Broadway Cafe.If you can put up with the midtown hoopleheads, trust fund art students, chain smoking bike hipsters and smelly "free-gans" hanging around, you'll find the staff knows more about making awesome coffee than you know about wiping your own ass.People who complain about this or that about Broadway Cafe either have been ruined by Starbucks or are simply morons: This is the one of the best coffee shops in the country and the staff have the awards to prove it. If you want mooch free wi-fi, go to McDonalds. If you want pro coffee, talk to the pros at Broadway. My wife and I get out coffee here six days a week and the staff have always been friendly, fast, competent and accommodating of my morning "particularities".  We consider our close proximity to Broadway Cafe one of the primary advantages of living in Midtown.Beware: if you get hooked on their espressos, your tolerance for average coffee (Roasterie comes to mind) will be forever ruined.Trivia: Pretty much every other well-regarded coffee shop and restaurant with good coffee in town buys their beans from Broadway.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2011,11/22/2011,49,133,1,7,4>I thoroughly enjoy First Fridays.  It can be different each time depending upon the time you go and the company you are with.  You can't go too late or many of the galleries close, but if you go too early some of the artists in buildings such as the Arts Incubator do not have time to set up!  My favorite part of First Fridays is that you turn a random corner either outside or in a building, and next thing you know you are in some secret area with live painting or music.  My favorite find was the year I turned onto 18th Street and found the street dancing.  It was such a great vibe.  They even let kids jump in, it really is cute.  It is between Birdies and the Arts Incubator on 18th.  Speaking of Arts Incubator, that happens to be one of my favorite stops that I always make time for, regardless of what area we focused on that time.  My favorite artist is in there, there are numerous levels and it is just always such a great vibe.  Though very stuffy in the heat.  :-/A lot of really fantastic restaurants are in the area so dinner and drinks followed by (or preceded by) art...well, it makes me a very happy person.All ages and types are out and about which I find fascinating and absolutely adore!I hope you have a chance to experience it at least once!  If you do and do not enjoy it...take a look at your company and try again.  It is definitely best to go with others whom enjoy actually looking at art.  :-)  I speak from experience.Don't be afraid to turn corners or open doors or go up/down stairs!  The buildings are old and you will find unexpected joys at each turn!Oh, but yeah, parking is a biotch.  Just get used to it.  Don't let it ruin your night.  You will be walking a lot anyway.  Leave the heels at home!
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2011,11/21/2011,25,82,3,4,4>The plan was to drop in at Beer Kitchen for a small bite, shared with my favorite foodie.  But Monday was closed for an Employee Appreciation day so we decided to walk across the street to appreciate Harry's.Appreciate it, we did.We shared a sausage pizza of a sort, which tasted just fine.  But more importantly, they actually have Boulevard's Smokestack Series - Tank 7 on draft!  That's an amazing find and worth the trip all by itself!Beware to those who haven't had this premium Boulevard brew:  Not only is addicting, but it's also going to buzz you much faster.  It did us.  Whew.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,11/20/2011,117,166,,6,3>I have added one star, because the owner very nicely messaged me to resolve the issues I had with my visit.The hours, are in fact, during "breakfast hours" but the way the hours are displayed on the door is rather confusing. They will be working on ideas to make it more easily read and understood. As for the price miscalculation, I guess I was overcharged by a new employee, which the owner kindly offered to reimburse me. I won't be accepting the refund, because I have been a new employee too, and I am sure I have made mistakes equal to that one. We all have, right?All in all, my dining experience here was still "just okay." But I would be more inclined to give it another try after the owner taking the time to personally message me about my experience.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2011,11/19/2011,80,254,3,5,5>I finally made it to Fazenda for dinner with a friend, and it was fantastic. I have been fond of Brazilian food for some time now, and love to indulge from time to time. The great thing about Fazenda, is that you can get your delicious Brazilian fix, without feeling like you have to stuff yourself silly because you are paying upwards of $40 a person.  I found Fazenda to be very reasonably priced, while still offering my favorites. There is a nice salad bar and then a hot bar with more traditional dishes. I always go for the feijoada, because what's a Brazilian meal without it? Their mashed potatoes are also delicious, made from scratch and whipped to perfection. Obviously, Fazenda has several cuts of meat, my favorites includes picanha, (of course!), as well as the top sirloin stuffed with provolone.  IT...IS....SO.....GOOOOOD!  Yummy melted cheese in perfectly prepared and cooked sirloin.Fazenda serves a couple of Brazilian beers and also Guarana, but what excites me most is the very reasonably priced caipirinha. Any other place charges at least $8.00, but at Fazenda, they are less than 5 dollars, and they don't skimp on the cachaca. I love that Fazenda is locally owned and operated, and the partners, Jeff and Cristian, really work hard to satisfy guests. Their love and passion for Brazil, the culture, and serving authentic food really shows. My only plea is that they consider opening a store closer to me. If it were closer, not only would I frequent it more, but I would definitely put Fazenda in my happy hour rotation!
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2010,11/18/2011,184,189,2,6,5>The newly renovated Rieger Hotel Grill and Exchange is a breath of fresh air for the new year. The space is warm and inviting and made for those that enjoy eating and drinking. On my inaugural visit with my girlfriend and her sisters we sat down for a nice lunch. We were greeted with warmth and seated in the recently remodeled dining room. The walls have nice art and the sky lights let nice natural light in to the room. The counter by the kitchen allows for diners to sit and watch the kitchen work which is a nice change from what some places are doing with "chef's tables". The first course was the Rieger Pork soup which has a wonderful portion of confit pork shoulder in a wonderful pork stock. The fellow diners had the trout salad which is to die for and the butter salad with goat cheese also very nice. I had the burger on a pretzel bun from farm to market bread company. Very well seasoned and the garlic potato chips were not overbearing. The Al Capone is a nice offering for vegetarian eaters and the Cubano is full of flavor. Of all the dishes the Tagliata was my favorite. The sliced flank was flavorful and the salsa verde was not overwhelming. The drink menu is extensive and the wine list is impressive and reasonable at the same time. Overall there is something for everyone here and if my first experience can sustain itself I will be back many times over. Next time... dinner
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2011,11/17/2011,2544,833,,7,5>I have to say, I've been going here for over a year now, and I frickin love it! The staff is always INCREDIBLY friendly, and they know my drink w/o asking. These people are verging into friend territory, i think they're so rad.They are quick, make a damn good product, and are local! Seriously, what's a better option downtown? Nothing that I can think of. And that, boys and girls, is the definition of "as good as it gets!"
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/17/2011,11/16/2011,109,469,2,6,2>had been looking forward to heading out here since we moved to KC in April. my husband and I both had fond childhood memories of going to the Ren Fest (he lived in Arizona and I also went to the one in Colorado a lot growing up).we headed out there on Labor Day with our eight-month-old. it was definitely entertaining, even though the entertainment wasn't that great. the food was...okay. my husband enjoyed his turkey leg, but later we both got an apple cider float to share and the ice cream was SO frozen that it took us ten minutes to even start eating it.I did love everyone (plus dogs) in costume walking around and I think our son did too. I think we'll wait to head back until our little guy can really appreciate everything.I'm so glad the Ren Fest is still going strong in KC, but I am also happy we went during a BOGO weekend.
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,11/15/2011,46,28,4,5,5>So it was a co-workers evening out. A few of us met up at Coach's for a few pre-drinks before the real heavy hitters decided to make it down to the 39th Street area for some fun times, stiff drinks, and good conversation at Gilhouly's. It also didn't hurt that one of them lived in the neighborhood so we could just park our cars there and walk on over to the bars. After practically shutting the place down, we decided to hop, skip our way across the street to the local liquor store to pick up a few cases to keep the fun times rolling. Done! I grabbed a pack of Pilsner Urquell to relive my Prague days. As it always happens after a night of boozing, we all grew hungry! Well what do we have here but good ol' Rock-N-Moroccan!! It starts pouring outside, and as the previous reviewer states, they do have a walk-up window to order. We notice the owner was starting to shut the place down. We kindly ask if he's done for the evening seeing as how they normally close at 3am on Fridays and it was about 1:45am. Apparently he was going to close up due to the rain, but before we could be on our way he opens up the actual restaurant side for us to sit in while he cooked our order bc it was raining! HOW AWESOME IS THAT??? He didn't have to and we most definitely weren't pressuring him at all. Yet he still obliged. My co-worker had been there several times previously. I took his word for it and ordered the Chicken Couscous! The owner always smiling the whole time he was helping us brought over our orders to-go. We went running in the rain back to the house and the smell of the food was driving me nuts! Once we got back, I cracked open a bottle of Pilsner and dove right into my food! The portion was enormous and it was probably some of the best food I have had in some time. It may have been the fact that I was drunk but the leftovers still tasted real good when it was reheated the next day! However, the hospitality and great service is what allows me to move the rating from a 4 star to 5!!! Oh and you know what else adds to this story? An officer that just got off duty was totally enjoying a Pilsner w/ us while we were waiting. Am I delusional? Probably not, but maybe yes.
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2011,11/14/2011,226,187,2,8,7>Prairie Village is definitely going through a cool, hip, uprising when it comes to new culinary experiences.  The newest addition, Story, is a great fit.We stopped in after cruising the PV Art Fair this past weekend.  The layout and decor is really different, in a good, modern way.  Our server was awesome.  She was attentive, fun, positive, and made you feel welcome.  The soft shell crab appetizer was awesome, as was the octopus.  Just the right portions, and the preparation was flawless.Our table ordered one of their signature Manhattan's, a strawberry martini, and a pineapple mojito.  The mojito was very refreshing on this hot evening.I took a look at the wine list and was impressed.  If you read any of my reviews, I'm kind of a stickler when it comes to wine and the variety a list offers.  Theirs is focused on small vintages, a refreshing sight.  I'm sure the owner and the GM, Sloan (formerly of Le Fou Frog), did a lot of research in preparing this list.We didn't stay for dinner, but will definitely be back!
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2011,11/13/2011,182,367,2,5,6>On my first trip, I enjoyed edible cocktails and bruschetta.  Sadly they were out of the mojito edibles but the amaretto, lemon drop, and port wine and hazelnut were very tasty.  They do a great job with the texture of the edible cocktails with more substance than regular jello shots.  It's just like eating your shots since each one contains about an ounce of alcohol.  Greatly enjoyed the unique combinations of bruschetta with my favorite being the goat cheese, cranberry compote and brown butter.  The selection of 4 ($15) is plenty large to share. Recently returned to The Drop for happy hour and enjoyed tasty food and drinks again.  The happy hour is pretty amazing with $5.50 cocktails, $5 wine and $2.50 wells everyone can find something they'll like.  I enjoyed good red wine but the cocktails looked good.  Friends commented that the Cherry Limeade was a bit too cherry, not enough lime and the Grape martini was VERY tart...but the Tres Mangos and the Lychee martinis were greatly enjoyed.The happy hour food was tasty and in large portions.  The meat and cheese tray ($6.50) came with four different cheeses and 3 salamis.  The fusion hummus ($4) is huge and the siracha on the side is a nice added spice.  The atmosphere is laid back, and on a weeknight the happy hour isn't too crowded.Good service, atmosphere and prices keep me coming back to this Union Hill hot spot.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2011,11/12/2011,151,400,,3,4>This place is just fabulous.  I originally ate there over 10 years ago, and have been a fan ever since.  I will drive into the city just to eat one of their delicious pizzas!  On my last visit, everything was perfect as usual, and Abby was a wonderful waitress. The people who own it are Italian (I think) and are really nice.  It's a clean place, has a nice patio area, and convenient parking both on and off the street.  I drove by many other 'local' pizza places to enjoy this one, and I'm so glad I did. The prices are VERY reasonable!!  If they had a gluten free pizza, it'd be darn near perfect!
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2011,11/11/2011,157,291,6,8,7>Wow, Red-X. Just...wow. Ok, first of all, read all of the other reviews that touch upon the randomness that is the Red-X experience, because they're dead on. It's almost like a local version of Super Wal-Mart. Or something. It defies explanation until you actually stop in for the first time.So, we were invited to a party last weekend, and realized that we needed to grab some adult beverages to bring along. It was the perfect opportunity to see what Red-X had to offer. We entered up front near the fried chicken area, and quickly oriented ourselves to where the liquor was, because if we hadn't, we'd probably still be in there looking around.The liquor area is huge. I was amazed at the variety of wine on offer, and even more amazed at the friendly employee who asked what I was looking for, and took me directly to it while talking about wine and the fact that they were going to change their layout so it made certain kinds of wine easier to find. Finding the wine I wanted, I was thrilled to note that it was on sale!! Does it get any better? Well, yes, it does, because there was also a small wine tasting going on, so I was able to try some Chilean wines while my husband got lost in the beer area. I also happened upon some dark rum that I love and don't see very often, so I snagged that as well.Because we were on a mission for alcohol only, I didn't do more than gaze around in amazement at all of the other products on offer. Seriously, everything from fried chicken to "vintage" (not really) decorative signs, clothing, hardware, plants, you name it. Apparently there's also a taxidermy display somewhere - doesn't surprise me at all.$100 and quite a bit of booze later, we finished up our shopping trip, vowing to make it back for next month's BIG wine tasting. It should be interesting.
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2011,11/9/2011,92,76,,6,4>I couldn't have asked for a better set of wedding cakes. They looked great, they tasted great, and the price was better than a lot of other vendors I looked at. Best of all, I pretty much told Lynne (the owner/cake maker) exactly what we wanted, and that was that. Nothing else to worry about. So, if you're a prospective bride/groom, here's what you probably want to know.Flavor: At our cake tasting, she gave us some delicious white cake to take home. She held an open house a few months later and loaded us (and anyone else who walked in) with a take-out box full of different flavors. For our wedding, we chose white, lemon, strawberry with raspberry filling, chocolate with fudge filling, and red velvet. Unfortunately I was only able to try the white and lemon, but both were moist, spongy and wonderful. I got glowing reviews from our guests as well. We also got some mints for the reception... melt-in-your-mouth delicious.Design: We asked for a pretty simple bridal cake design (see photo) and it looked great. The real star was our robot groom cake. Our theme for the wedding was robots because the hubs makes a lot of robo art, and he gave Lynne a rough sketch of what we wanted. You can see the photo, but it's exactly as we imagined it, even better in fact. I really wanted to have a cake like this, and a few other vendors either said it would cost us an arm and a leg, or they didn't know how to do it. I had some reservations when Lynne told us it'd be really easy, but it ended up looking amazing.Cost: Pretty average ($3-3.50/slice, $10 fillings/tier, delivery charge, refundable equipment deposit). I found, in my search for the perfect cake vendor, that a lot of places charged extra for things that Icing on the Cake did not charge for... transparency is a good thing. As far as the equipment deposit goes, we paid $45 for that, and after the wedding I discovered that my dog chewed up most of the cake pillars. However, after explaining it to Lynne, she still tore up the check and said she understood. Again, exceeding expectations, this time with great customer service.We were also given more than 150 guests worth of cake for no extra charge. Our groom's cake ended up being as tall as the bridal cake, so Lynne said she made the bridal cake a little higher. She also said she would make us a 1-year anniversary cake instead of us having to save our top tier for a year, which never really ends up tasting good anyway. In short, I would gladly order another cake from Lynne, and I'll refer as many people as I can to her business.
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,11/8/2011,45,115,2,4,3>Nestled at the bottom of a hill in Westwood is an amazing coffee shop.  The charm of the place will steal your heart immediately.  After a sip of their coffee, you'll have found true love.I'm a latte girl, and so I usually order a double vanilla latte with whole milk.  For those of you who like just a hint of sweetness in their latte, this place does it right, but for those of us who love an insulin high - go for double vanilla.  A favorite summertime, coffee-free drink of mine is their Peachy Keen.  It's an amazing smoothie with peach and white chocolate - To.Die.For.  In the wintertime they occasionally have Aztec hot chocolate, which has a nice kick of spice.  Although it will engage your taste-buds, it won't leave you running for the fridge to grab some milk.  I haven't had their regular coffee in a while, but I do remember it never had that burnt taste like some other establishments which will remain nameless.  They also have three blends of coffee beans: regular, decaf, and a nice, smooth organic roast.Parking is plentiful, but you may have to park up the street if you go at a peak time.  It's not uncommon to see a line coming out the door, but since the shop itself is so small that only makes sense.  The shop has a certain charm about it that is in character with the neighborhood.  Every time I walk through the door, I feel like I've been transported to another part of the world for a few moments.  It's not an ideal coffee shop to "hang out" at unless it's a nice day outside.  There is only one table on the inside, and a couple of bar stools facing the state line.  Nabbing a seat outside is the perfect way to pass a pristine afternoon.If the charm of the shop isn't enough to win you over, the staff will.  I have been coming here for almost four years, and I've never had a bad service experience.  After my first few visits, the staff learned my name, and even after my visits became less regular, they still remember it.  If you always order the same thing (unlike me, I constantly change things up), they will remember your order and make it just the way you like it.  The service is precise and not rushed.  It's not like a ::coughstarbucks:: where they make the process of getting a cup of coffee like an assembly line.  Without fail, the barista will ask a question about what's going on in your life.  This ends the trend of "awkward silence" while waiting for your coffee.  I've had many short, engaging conversations that have me leaving in a better mood than when I walked in the door.  (Seriously, I don't think I've ever had an entire conversation speaking with a British accent anywhere else).  Hi Hat gets 4.5 stars for the coffee, and 5 + for the service.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2011,11/7/2011,159,346,4,7,7>I get it.  Now I understand why I have seen the "out of donuts" sign more times then "open". These donuts sell out fast because they ROCK!I arrived just after 7am on Tuesday and the case was nearly empty. But the donut I specifically wanted was still available. The glazed Devils Food. The donut was amazing.  It was cakey and perfectly glazed.  I will have to try to get there earlier so I can score a Bavarian Cream filled Bismarck.  In my opinion, that is the Holy Grail of baked goods.
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2011,11/6/2011,50,87,3,5,4>Why am I a fan of The Foundry?  There are many reasons.First, the happy hour - everyday.  The Foundry's happy hour, with 1/2 price bar bites and $3 McCoy's pints, is from 4-6 everyday, including Sunday.  I appreciate that more and more places are extending happy hour specials beyond the work week and into the weekend and to find one on Sunday is brilliant.  Second, the beer.  Not only does The Foundry have McCoy's finest brews on tap (including the much anticipated yearly release of the Ursa Major Russian Imperial Stout), but they also have an large and diverse selection of other beers (both on tap and in bottles) that rivals most anyone in the city.Third, the food.  The food at The Foundry is not your typical "bar food" and includes a great selection of salads, sliders, tacos, burgers, pizzas and more.  The bar bites (which, as previously mentioned, are 1/2 price during happy hour) include such amazing options as:* Red Rockets (Kobe beef mini-corn dogs served with beer mustard and jalapeno ketchup);* Ninja Stars (blue crab, pineapple & jalapeno Rangoon with sweet chili Thai dipping sauce); and * TNT Tuna (cumin-seared rare tuna, Boston bib lettuce wraps, avocado, Asian slaw, pickled jalapeno and a rooster hot sauce).Finally, and certainly no less important, the bartenders.  If you know me, you probably know that I prefer sitting at a bar over sitting at a table much of the time.  Because of this, I have had much more interaction with the bartenders at The Foundry than I have the wait staff.  The bar staff at The Foundry are knowledgeable, helpful and friendly.  They always explain the daily specials, are quick answer questions and will let you sample any of their beers on tap before you've made the commitment of a full pint (or pitcher). So, even though not open for lunch, The Foundry is a great place to spend some time with some friends and has become my favorite spot to grab a beer and a bite in Westport.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2011,11/5/2011,176,193,3,9,5>I'm assuming you're reading this right now, in 2011 AD.  And I have to say that it's a pretty good place to visit with the weather being the way it is.Let's rewind a few years, though -- when it had been raining for days and the ground was soaked... yeah, romping through the mud and muck isn't quite that much fun.So, keep that in mind when you read this, future person.The corn maze stretches out over a few acres in the middle of nowhere (well, sorta -- it's actually pretty accessible from everywhere).  Parking is plentiful, and the atmosphere is just doggone fun.The most fun, however, is romping through the thing at night.   You'll definitely need a flashlight... and let's face it -- you're going to get lost.  This year, I had a friend with me, and while we navigated every twist and turn, it was still really for us to get lost.I'll second Troy P.'s complaint that -- sometimes -- the walls get trampled down and turn into shortcuts.  But... that's not bad -- it comes with the territory when you have a place where teens run amok.I'll also second the motion that - yes - GRAB COUPONS.  Their Web site has them.  Hy-Vee has them.  And -- if you have 5 people in your party, that means you can use 5 coupons.  So grab them.
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2011,11/4/2011,102,158,3,8,4>Wow.  I cannot believe I am just now remembering to review FUD.  I have been here a number of times, & can't say enough good things about the food at FUD.  Wow.  Yeah GOOD stuff.  And the thing is, every time I've gone, I have brought someone with me who is a meat-eater.  And every time, my dining companion has LOVED their food.Heidi knows what she is doing, & she is super passionate about the food she is serving.  The last time we dined there, I had recently realized I was having even more food intolerances than previously.  Heidi sat down with us, and went over the menu with me, helping me select the perfect dish, & figuring out how we could either alter what I had originally wanted, or just pick something new.  The funny thing is, even with a ton of restrictions on my diet, I can still order quite a few of the dishes at FUD.  At least once per week, I have a strong craving for the Jack Phish Nachos. I don't know where this comes from. But sadly it occurs during times that FUD is not open.  So then when they ARE open, I am faced with the dilemma of "do I order those amazing nachos that I've been fantasizing about at home all week, or do I try something new per Heidi's suggestion"??  OR do I order both , & end up with a gigantic to go container of nachos that tasted just as good heated up the next day (yeah that's what I did).The menu is 100% vegan, and primarily organic ingredients and locally grown items.  I can speak for the salads the "cheese" (cashew based HEAVEN), the entrees, the drinks, AND the desserts.  They are all amazing. I still need to try breakfast.  I am sure I will be hooked on that, too.Being able to confidently go into a restaurant and KNOW that I am not going to be "glutened" or "dairied" is a huge thing for me.  FUD is one of the places I can do this.  NOTE: I am fairly sure that it is still a CASH ONLY establishment.  So come prepared.  I only had a minimal amount with me last time, & had to skip the shake I was craving.  (there is always next time).
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2011,11/3/2011,0,35,5,7,4>In Southern California there are entire restaurant chains dedicated to perfecting the fish taco (Rubios, Wahoos, etc.). Those spoiled Californians don't know how good they have it! Here in the Midwest, a craving for flaky fish and crispy cabbage on a warm tortilla is much, much harder to satisfy.Luckily, Kansas City has El Patron, where a mex-food snob like me can get tacos that taste like an authentic slice of SoCal. Two corn tortillas are loaded with lightly battered fish and all of the trimmings, including generous hunks of creamy avocado. The fish taco dinner comes with a heaping plate of El Patron's wonderful, fluffy rice. Word to the wise: do not plan on splitting this meal; you will not want to share a single one of your scrumptious fish tacos!The decor at El Patron is a welcome departure from the dim lighting, decrepit booths, and themed tschotskes that ones typically finds in a Mexican restaurant. Instead, exposed brick and lofty ceilings create a sophisticated, urban vibe. Modern art on the wall and a lively bar complete the contemporary package.Tip: The nachos are superb, full of gooey goodness.The only thing that could possibly be improved upon is the salsa. El Patron's salsa can't decide if it wants to be blended or chunky. This identity crisis leaves the salsa with a consistency that is both watery and lumpy. I recommend the hot salsa, which has a respectable after burn. The mild salsa is completely bland (best for wimps and little kids).On a recent visit, my son warned us all not to double dip our chips. He need not have worried; my husband and I were both vying for the hot salsa and Elliott finished off the the entire bowl of mild by himself. He ate his chicken taco and rice with an equal degree of gusto and asked "Mommy, when can we come to this place again?"Son, you don't have to ask me twice.See photos and more on my Tumblr blog, The Family Unit (link under profile).
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2011,11/2/2011,467,1371,1,9,13>So, I've never owned my own pet outright.  Heartland SPCA helped make that process easy.  There are many adorable dogs and cats of all shapes and sizes here.  The hardest thing is trying to make a decision!  You'll want to take all of them home, even if you're a first time dog owner and you're still working through all those jitters.I took Zeke, a 25 lb terrier, and Juliet, a recently rescued-from-a-puppy-mill spaniel, and Charlie Brown, a puppy who was still getting used to being around strangers.  As I had a chance to walk around with them, play with them in the yard, and chat with the volunteers and workers, I was struck by how profoundly different "shopping" for a pet was than anything else I had done.  I'm a very quick shopper.  I either go in with a specific mission or when I see something I like I get it and move on.  Here, I agonized about the energy level of the dog, the size, the maintenance, our just-met-you-five-minutes-ago chemistry...I ended up adopting Zeke, who is now Buddy.  We are learning to live with each other and he is so incredibly friendly!  He's full-grown and even though it's only been 48 hours, we've already been on many walks together!  Cost was $125 for my medically current, neutered dog.  If price is a problem for you - pet ownership might not be in the cards.  I fully expect that having Buddy is going to cost me at least $1000 this year in food, vet bills, maintenance, etc.  And my townhome rent just went up $15 a month for my new roommate (pet upcharge).  All that being said, $125 for this little guy...well worth it!
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2011,11/1/2011,54,211,3,6,2>If I HAD to name my favorite restaurant in KC right now, Le Fou Frog would be it. This place never fails to satisfy.Dropped better than $100 on happy hour for 3 people this evening, and it was worth every penny. Gorgeous evening, perfect for sitting on the patio. John, our waiter, confessed to "waking up on the ornery side of the bed", and proceeded to entertain accordingly. He talked me into trying the Boeuf Bleu, a nearly raw strip of steak (a stretch for me, raw makes me nervous) wrapped around julienne jicama in a citrus vinaigrette. I sat there wondering if I'd have been happier with the vichyssoise and frites...until it came. Simply amazing-the perfect dish for a warm evening!The daughter was a little creeped out by her softshell crab sandwich-she didn't realize they just batter the critter whole and deep fry him-but it tasted like it was pulled right out of Chesapeake Bay, and she ate nearly all of it, with some help from Mom. Dessert was Mousse au chocolat for her ("I could just roll around in this") and what John called "this sort of strawberry shortcake kind of thing" for me...the name didn't do it justice:  soft, dense, moist poppy seed cake topped with lemon curd and strawberries...over a cold vanilla something-it felt frozen, but didn't melt-and believe me, I took my time with it!I'm not there often enough to be considered a regular, but the staff is always friendly and welcoming, and never afraid to make recommendations. While the noise level can get up there at times (and the semi pulling up to the curb didn't help), it lends to the happy, friendly atmosphere. The perfect place to spend a summer evening.
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,10/31/2011,30,97,1,8,7>For Review of the Thursday Buffet.  Holy Cow, Wow, best buffet I have had and easily the healthiest.  The food was so good, the worst part of the meal was getting full and having to leave.  The owners are wonderful and the food was awesome.Some HighlightsThe Faux Chicken Salad Sandwich - Tasted like a chicken salad sandwich, very light and had a hint of sweetnessThe Banana Dessert - Simple amazingThe Parmesan and Feta Pasta - This could be served at an Italian restaurant and people would love it.
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2011,10/30/2011,57,252,3,5,3>Yay! I'm a fan! I've always liked Chubby's, but now that they are close to my house I like them better. Yummy diner food in a fun atmosphere. They have a REAL JUKEBOX. The tenderloin sandwich is gigantic and delicious greasy goodness. It's a great place to take the kids!
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,10/29/2011,115,89,15,11,11>Have you ever been like, 'shit... It's 3 in the morning, I'm almost black-out drunk, but I could really go for a crepe?' Yeah, me neither. But in the rare event that such an occasion DOES occur, it's nice to know there's a spot that kind accommodate your needs. Tucked right in the heart or midtown, and inside of Gusto Lounge, Broadway Crepes is exactly what you think it is-- a crepe place- but man, they make a mean-ass crepe. I had the French Onion, with steak and mushrooms and caramelized onions and it was delightful. My wife had the one with Nutella, which is something I don't eat because I confuse it with Vegimite. She said it was really good, though. In fact, everyone we were with enjoyed their crepes. Further in fact, I was so impressed, I bought crepes for everyone in the bar. The friendly proprietors cut the crepes into 4ths so they could be distributed around the place. Drunk people like crepes. So if you're a drunk, or you just like crepes, or if your mom is a drunk and you don't know where to take her for her midnight birthday dinner, stop on by Broadway Crepes. Tell the guys behind the counter that Tangy sent you. They won't know what that means, but maybe they'll laugh. And who knows, they may just give you extra steak in your French Onion crepe (but probably not).
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,10/28/2011,292,268,6,14,9>Thomas Hart Benton was an American painter and muralist know for his fluid paintings of the Midwest.  His house is a hidden gem in the beautiful Roanoke neighborhood now ran by the Missouri State Park as a state historic site.  His house and studio are open to tour and it's a little step back in time.It's kind of a trip to show up and more than likely be the only person there AND then out of no where, a park ranger shows up and gives you a tour.  It seems all fancy and formal to have a man in uniform (ok, a park ranger uniform) give you a personal tour, but that's how they do it!  It's not as awkward as it sounds and if you're lucky, another small group might be there for a tour too.  The house is simple but dotted throughout with some of his work.  Him and his wife lived in this house from 1939 thru 1975. It seems like most of those decades are represented throughout the decor of the house.  I love that you can grab a recipe or two of his wife's when you pass the kitchen.....a free souvenir!  The studio is out back in what was built as the carriage house.   He died in this studio back in 1975 and they say it has pretty much been untouched since then. It's a pretty cool way to spend an hour or so of your life in a great neighborhood of KC.  If his work motivates you enough, maybe you'll find yourself visiting the Nelson-Atkins to see some of his best work displayed in person.
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2011,10/26/2011,34,59,4,8,5>You've gotta love waitstaff who asks "is your soup pleasant?"  versus "Everything taste alright?"Great first time experience here. Veal and portabello ravioli appetizer... Wow. Clam chowder with the perfect amount of bayleaf and thyme. Fettuccine frutti de mare.  Pasta, shrimp, clam, scallops in a bechamel sauce...double wow. Warning... You can't come here if you are trying to "be good" with a diet. The portion sizes are ginormous! Seriously... It was pasta for three hungry adults. And.... It's made with the goods. Butter and cream... There, I said it and I'm not ashamed!Dark wood, low lighting and white linens give this place a great feel.... Don't make us dolls look too bad either. Just sayin...The meal and impeccable service have started what I hope will be a long and beautiful relationship. Thanks for a great experience, Garozzos!
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2011,10/25/2011,46,405,3,21,2>OK, I am an admitted serial country club hopper.  I've been a member of 5 country clubs since my mid-20's and I have enjoyed them all.  I decided to give up the country club life last year when I turned 35; my junior membership graduated to a Full Membership and my monthly bill skyrocketed to almost $1000 per month.  When a country club exceeds their budget, they basically just add an additional charge to each members monthly bill to cover the loss.  This is called an assessment and drives me insane because as a member you are obligated to pay the assessment along with your monthly dues. Most country clubs also have quarterly minimums that you must spend on food; if you don't dine at the club enough, the minimum amount is just charged to your bill. I just wasn't receiving a grand per month in value, so I grudgingly cancelled my membership and vowed to play public golf courses going forward....That didn't last long... Maybe a few months... Thankfully, I found the new Brookridge Golf Club in the Spring of 2010.Brookridge was purchased by a new owner in 2010 and now the memberships are structured more like Lifetime Fitness or Prairie Life than a typical country club.  The junior membership age limit is 40 and the monthly dues are around $300.  There are no food minimums although the club does offer a pretty decent food and bar service if you ever wanted to dine or have a few drinks after golf.  The 18 hole championship course is one of the better layouts in KC.  Brookridge also offers a 9 hole course that is more than adequate for a quick 9 holes after work in the summer.  The club also offers a nice olympic size pool with diving board.  300 bones a month for the entire family, this is a heckuva a deal!It gets even better, most country clubs have large ball rooms that rarely get used.  In my 10+ years of country club memberships, I have never attended a country club ball.  Brookridge has converted the ball rooms to a 10,000 square foot fitness center with state of the art fitness equipment, weights, steam room, etc... Use of the fitness center is included with your golf membership.So, for most young golfers like myself, Brookridge is an extremely good value.  I just want to play golf, maybe swim in the heat of the summer and occasionally have a few drinks at the club bar.  If you want the big social events and black tie balls, Brookridge may not be the place for you.  I like to play 3 or 4 holes each night after work with my 8 year old son so Brookridge works out wonderfully for me.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,10/24/2011,23,129,,23,5>Thanks to Reed N for pointing out this hidden gem. His review sent me for a visit.  Located on K-32(Kaw drive) just west of 435, you might not even know its an eating establishment.  Take my advice and seek it out.I agree it may be a KCK address but to me it is in Edwardsville.The dining room is small but clean. A real home town diner feel.Staff was attentive and friendly. Now lets get to the food.  The smell of smoked meat envelopes you in the parking lot when arriving. The menu is posted above the ordering counter, with quite few options.We ended up ordering the Dinner Special where you pick your meats mix or match  pulled pork, beef, turkey, burnt ends or ham..Add ribs too for only $2 more. Burnt ends were outstanding.  tender and moist, with only the outer skin blackened...yet still flavorful. Dunked in sauce it was a taste sensation.Turkey was moist and smoky in its flavor.  Pulled pork was extremely tender and fat free, nice smoky taste.The fries were in a huge basket and screaming hot from the cooker.  Had to let them cool before you could handle them. We asked the owner if they cut their own fries, because they tasted so fresh, but she said they were not. One side with the dinner special was enough for two people. In fact there was so much food, we had to ask for a doggie bag.Both of us opted to sample the cheesy corn which had a ample portion of ham chunks,mixed in crisp sweet corn, drenched in a thick cheesy sauce.We were told this diner has been open about a year. I would definitely recommend any Barbeque lover to give it a try, especially if you are a western metro dweller.  A short drive keeps you away from the speedway cluster or the drive back into the city,  and gives you stellar food that rivals the in town big name places, at a reasonable price.  Enjoy the home town personal service of the owners making sure that you are pleased with your visit. We were.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,10/23/2011,21,97,4,6,4>In any other city, at a bar like this the bartenders would be total douchebags.  And this is why I adore KC - places like Manifesto.  The drinks are phenomenal and not overpriced considering how generously they're poured and how delicious they are.  The guys will take plenty of time to describe drinks, explain ingredients and processes. Love this place; love the vibe, the people, the decor.   But the drinks.  Oh, god, the drinks.  Particularly the gingery ones - YUM YUM YUM.
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2011,10/22/2011,76,154,4,3,3>SHAZAAAAAAAM this place is good!!! I finally dined here after seeing all the reviews, it's located at my old stomping grounds, on Holmes St, it's very understated on the outside, maybe because it's hugely stated in the inside with the food! I ordered the hummus.... Oh crud, it doesn't get better than that!! Simply magnificent!  Then I had the cucumber salad, holy schnikes! If you love vinegar you will love this! Lastly I ordered the BLT oh mamacita.... M M MEasily the best BLT I have ever had from a restaurant. Are you thinking, dang girl, you ate all that?? Dang skippy I did, you wanna make something of it?
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,10/21/2011,47,283,,7,5>Plants and veggies and music, oh my!This is a great market in the Brookside neighborhood. We try to stop in on Saturday mornings- but the great thing is that they are open until 1 pm, so you don't have to worry about getting there. We usually score a parking spot right on the street, and the market is easily walkable in a few minutes. The sellers are really friendly, and most weeks there is a band playing live music. One can buy coffee (beans or brewed) and snacks, so breakfast is possible while shopping. We've also acquired soap and plants here, making for a wide selection. I love talking to my farmer, and get giddy at the thought of high quality, organic, local produce that I can purchase right from the farmer, so this is really my kind of market.
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,10/20/2011,195,325,7,7,3>Goodness, I hope I'm reviewing the right place.  The sign just says "DONUTS" in huge red letters.  I didn't get  a reciept, but the address and location seem to be about right.  Anywho... I've driven past here so many times and I wanted to try their donuts, but they are always closed.  Today, (Sunday at around 1:30pm) I saw the neon "OPEN" sign.  I recklessly cut across traffic to gain knowledge of this place.  It's between Popeye's Chicken and Mr. Goodcents in the Stateline Shopping Center.  The place is kinda dark and looks like it is about to close down... maybe they were about to...I dunno.  Prabably.  I didn't see a sign for their hours or a sign for their name.  Sorta weird.What I did see was a sign that said "NEW" (I like caps and quotes, leave me alone).  Key Lime Donuts.  They had some other choices, but I fixated on the jelly.  I was really nervous because I told the guy (who came from the back as soon as I walked in... just for me, I was the only one there) that I needed a minute and he assumed his position at the register.  I prefer to have at least one other customer there to deflect the pressure away from me.I had lot of questions...mainly about the hours, but I freaked out and didn't ask any.  Ordered a Raspberry Jelly and Key Lime.  $3.24 was the total. No credit/debit cards...just cash and check.  Luckily, I had my milk bottle deposit money.  The raspberry jelly was not lamenated with glaze... just a nice basting (don't judge my word selection).  It was soft and dentable, not glass like and fracturable.  The Key Lime was powdered sugar coated and very soft.  The filling was bountiful.  I usually have to ration it because it is just enough to fill the center with most jellies... but not this one... it was overflowing with sugared goo... They were both delicious and really did taste fresh.  I will return if they are ever open again.
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2011,10/19/2011,516,731,8,9,8>4.5 starsLong story short: For being a little bit of a shack, damn those burnt ends were much better than at OK Joes.  Yes, seriously.Long story long:The afternoon my friend who drove out with me to Kansas City was flying back to LA, we decided to go for one last meal while he was here with our friend who lives in Liberty, and he suggested this place, saying the burnt ends are better than at Oklahoma Joes.  I just had the burnt ends at OK Joes earlier that week, and I thought those were pretty good, so it was mildly hard to believe that there was something better.Pulling up, this is really a hole in the wall.  It was almost shack like.  Not literally a shack, but it just kinda gave me that feel.Inside, just an ordinary dining room with several tables and chairs.  Their menu was off on one side.  This is the kind of place where you go up to order, sit down, and a couple minutes later, they call your number and you get your food.  Everybody working there is black, so I guess that's a good thing?A little smaller menu than at OK Joes, with just some ribs, chicken, a couple of combo plates, some sides and a sandwich or two.Our friend said the rib tips were pretty good too, so my other friend got the burnt ends with a side of onion rings and I got the rip tips with a side of fried okra.  Everything cost me I think about $13 or $14.One by one, our food was called and we sat down.I tried a couple of the rib tips and those were good, though sometimes it was a hassle working around the bones and even cartilage.  The fried okra was good too, being cut into  1/2 inch pieces instead of whole or larger pieces.  I took some of my friend's burnt ends and OH MY GOSH, these were I feel better than at Oklahoma Joes.  Yes, overall it was a little fattier than at OK Joes, but the pieces were larger and the meat was more tender.  Onion rings were good too.Man... finishing up this review at 12:15 in the morning was not a good idea... now I want some.  I may have to go sometime this week to appease the craving.
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,10/18/2011,118,260,4,3,4>If you're looking at reviews to see if La Bodega is worth going to, well, shame on you.  If you're just looking to see what every one else says about it, well, that makes more sense.La Bodega is that kind of place that no one who has been there could vote against when trying to come up with a place to go for the evening.La Bodega has small plates, larger meals, lot's of options in cold or hot, mild or spicy. They have a huge selection of beers, hard liquors, wines, sangria and really girlie drinks perfect for that first date. There's lot's pf people around to watch, you can eat inside or out, in a soft booth or hard chair around a table. It's great for a date night or happy hour with clients. The only downside is that if you love this place, you're not the only one. Don't expect to show up at 8-o-clock on Friday and expect to find a seat anytime soon. So, if you're shopping around for a place to land, hell, yeah, go to La Bodega, where have you been?
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,10/17/2011,521,843,4,14,12>I bought my mom to Mirchies. My mom would give it 3 stars, but I'm giving it 5. I had a craving for coconut rice, and coconut green beans,and only one place would suffice.I had the coconut rice and coconut green beans, with yogurt raiti, and naan. I had  a long debate with my self whether I would eat chicken korma, or coconut green beans, both, or what? My mom had shrimp curry, over brown rice, which I sampled. She thought it was a bit spicy. It was good. Not too spicy, but not many shrimp in the sauce.The green beans and coconut rice is totally worth the trip. I'm sure the price we pay here for food you would pay double that at fine Indian restaurants. That's why I like this place. I love Chipotle's.  Mirchie's is cool, like an Indian food Chipotle's. The staff was great. They let my mom sample everything. There is no other place like it. Oh and, the serving bowls with lids are reusable, and will be washed in our dishwasher, and used over again.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2011,10/16/2011,530,119,8,8,8>It's a Sunday, and it's hot; Its Kansas City, after all. It's the afternoon, and I'm hungry.  I'm on my scooter, traveling over the border (so to speak) from Missouri into Kansas, my rattle-can muffler brattling across the empty storefronts of the avenues of Armourdale, up over the freeway, down 7th, and up onto the sidewalk in front of El Camino Real.  I'm supposed to meet a guy name Tony here, for Tacos.After parking my bike, I walk in, taking off my sunglasses, tucking my gloves in my back pocket.  Tony's on the phone, a big spread of Al Pastor Tacos, grilled chiles, guac, onions, chips, salsa, pineapple, and an open bottle of Mexican Coca Cola.  There's futbol on the TV, there's Spanish in the air, kids with their families, and an invitation to sit down by this Tony on the phone."Mexican Coke, please", I ask the waitress, who soon delivers a soft drink the way it should be : Ice Cold, in Glass Bottle, Made with Sugar as if it were still the 70's.  He gets off the phone."What, you're not gonna eat?""I'll have some of yours," and take up a corn tortilla, patted fresh, just recently, spilling out with the juicy Pastor, the cilantro, the onions and pineapple, and mashing it down my gullet with a purposeful efficiency that belies its delicacy.  "Amazing," I say, mouth still full, ready to wash it down with the Mexican Coke."The best in around, my friend," Tony says, smiling and nodding his head, knowing he's created an addict of me.  It's his thing.  He does this as a game; gets is his friend addicted the same way he is.  And I thank him for it, weekly, at least.The rest of the day shall be shrouded in mystery, but it began there, as a rendezvous for a handful of scooter enthusiasts, who disappeared down the long, almost-empty streets of Kansas City, Kansas in a cloud of blue smoke, still refreshed and refueled by those Tacos and Mexican Coke.Let El Camino Real fuel your adventures...you'd only be up to no good, but this way, you'll be up to it with one fine meal making it happen.
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2011,10/14/2011,82,237,6,6,2>As you walk through the door you'll have to throw aesthetics out the window. This place has very little and looks like a mom and pop fast food joint serving sushi. If that doesn't scare you off then you'll have some of the best sushi in town. I've eaten at Ra, Nara, Moonlight and others. All overpriced and over hyped. I don't want to rub elbows with meatheads and pro-hos while listening to creed just to eat a rainbow roll.  I just want good and fresh and if you can deliver that I'm all yours. Maki is my favorite place and one of few that I'll eat sushi from. Their prices are lower then most and taste goes a long way.
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,10/13/2011,101,16,6,10,5>Jen Jen's is an experience. There is a fish tank full of soft shell crabs and lobsters. There is a cooler filled with cans of soda, Budweiser, Heineken, and Tsing-Tao. Every time I've been in there, it was mostly empty. A few booths were full, but not much else. Almost every time I go in, I'm the only WASP in the building. I love Jen Jens. Everything I've ever had there has been good. The fried pig intestine (?!?!) appetizer was amazing. It's the most "pork" flavored thing I've ever had, in the best way possible. Their pan fried pork dumplings are freaking great. They come with this mysterious white sort of sweet, sort of vinegar-y sauce; (my thought was that it's sugar water and white vinegar) My favorite entrée there is the Soft Shell Crab with Spicy Salt. It is, in all honesty, the best bar food ever, despite being in a traditional Chinese restaurant with a miserable at best alcohol selection . Jen Jen's ups the ante with their spicy salt treatment. Once out of the fryer, they cover the soft shell crab with sea salt and diced fresh jalapeño.  I literally scraped the plate clean, jalapeño and all. It's absurdly tasty. It comes with some of the best white rice I've ever had, ever. I realize that some foodie types will whine "What? There's no dipping sauce? They only give you fried crab and rice? This isn't a well rounded / balanced meal..."To these types I say: You literally have no idea what the hell you're talking about. This food is simple and good. It's not fussy "Neo-Chinese / Pan-Asian with a Midwest Sensibility". It's just great, authentic Chinese food. Secondly, The Pork Ribs in Peking sauce were phenomenal. I had went to another Chinese place earlier and had their pork ribs, and they were okay. There were a ton of bones, etc, and they just weren't great. Jen Jen's pork ribs had three bones in a plate that can only be described as "meat mountain". The sauce is very reminiscent of good KC Barbecue sauce. It's kind of sweet, but not too much so. It had some smoke flavor and some spice as well. The pork ribs themselves were absurdly tender and super moist. Honestly, Jen Jen's isn't one of my favorite Chinese Restaurants in KC. It's one of my favorite restaurants ever. Yes, they're not open for lunch, but when I'm hungry for pork ribs at 12am on a Tuesday, Jen Jen's has my back. Sure, their alcohol section is atrocious, but I don't go there for that. I go there to get full on little to no money on great, authentic Chinese food, and they've came through every time.
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2011,10/12/2011,43,55,4,5,6>So I didn't love brunch at Westport Cafe & Bar when I first gave it a try, but my dude and I had a FANTASTIC dinner there last Friday and I'm still thinking about it. First - the cocktails. They were amazing. I opted for the Whiskey Smash and the boyfriend went for the Old Fashioned. Both were spectacular and I had some difficulty pacing myself. We started with the escargot (delicious) and the baked ricotta with goat cheese and truffled honey (amazing). The only thing missing was more bread to soak up all of the deliciousness (granted, we didn't ask for more, so it's our own fault). Both of us ordered the scallops, but my guy chose to substitute the asparagus with truffled potato pureee and I subbed in the pommes frites. The frites were excellent, but the truffled potato puree? I could have licked the dish clean - rich and buttery and truffley and awesome. We ended the evening with yet another cocktail and left the restaurant in a state of bliss. Thumbs up for the decor (simple and chic) and the service (attentive but not overly so). We will be back. Because I'd like a Whiskey Smash and a side of truffled potato puree in my belly sooner rather than later.
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,10/11/2011,74,1211,5,5,4>So, I am always asking "What does $___ get you?"At a taqueria $6 gets you full and flavors galore.Here, $50 gets your appetite wet and flavors galore.Bargain? Nope. Don't come here for cheap eats and big portions. Come here for balanced flavors and twists on cuisine.Case in point, they have corned beef plate that is basically a deconstructed Reuben. That is what you will find here. All carefully prepared and presented.Even the side on a pork osso bucco dish was creative. A little piece of pretzel baguette toasted perfectly and hollowed out, turned on end, and "planted" with "shooting" asparagus tips. It was glued to the plate with a cayenne hollandaise sauce. Get the picture?Art. On. Plate. You. Eat. Art.May. Leave. Hungry.But, that is what the ice cream in the freezer at home is for, right?
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2011,10/10/2011,247,223,,5,4>Comfort food, served rapidly, using local ingredients, with an emphasis on meat loaf, mac and cheese, and lasagna.  With such a modest sounding menu, I was not expecting much, when I ordered the vegetarian lasagna.  It was really, really good.Ordinarily I'd give this sort of restaurant 3 stars.  But unlike many restaurants of this sort, Anna's Oven has wine and beer.  Lasagna without wine and beer?  Impossible.  So I added a fourth star for having wine and beer.Relative to what it is, Anna's Oven is very good.  But I"d be  happier if they'd broaden the  menu.  I'm not a big fan of meat loaf, and would be a lot happier if they would also offer shrimp or fish.
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2011,10/9/2011,150,18,5,4,5>Chocolate lovers rejoice!  Amore Chocolate Pizza is open at Town Center Plaza and rumor has it they are in the process of frachising, so soon enough there might potentially be chocolate pizza everywhere.This place is not for the faint of heart.  I can eat chocolate with the best of them, but I definitely overdid it on this particular afternoon.A client of mine had a baby shower at Amore and I made the mistake of not eating lunch prior to my arrival so I was starving.  The spicy hot chocolate coupled with the chocolate pizza was enough to send the least diabetic prone person into diabetic shock.While the chocolate treats are among the best in the city, I would encourage you to take it easy on  the chocolate.  If you are having the hot chocolate, skip out on the chocolate pizza - or, just bring one home with you for later.
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2011,10/8/2011,31,159,2,3,3>Supporting local business is important, and Happy Gillis definitely qualifies.  I love a Sunday morning breakfast date and the bacon, egg and cheese sandwich I had was awesome - my husband loved his biscuits and gravy too.  Prices are more than reasonable and it's a cute place.  I don't mind having to share a table with strangers when a place like this is crowded, although my husband is not a fan, other than that, we liked it and I'll certainly be back to try lunch sometime soon.
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,10/7/2011,67,229,2,5,3>I went to a show recently just to see Evan Kasprzak dance in Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat and words fail me at how *amazing* of a show it truly was. I was expecting to be wowed by Evan, but the talent of the entire cast was off the charts!! The entire experience was shockingly entertaining. I was kind of skeptical initially, but the minute I walked through the doors it really blew me away. The venue is beautiful and elegant (reminds me of the dinner shows at some Las Vegas casinos) with not a bad seat in the house. The servers were attentive, gracious and charming and the drinks were so very drinkable (lovely peach daiquiris). The food was just okay (some parts better than others) but who cares? You get to eat, drink, be comfortable at your own table AND they put on a show for you afterward. How much better can it get? I felt like a queen. I would definitely return and I would also bring any out of town guests here to show off this jewel in the crown of Kansas City.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2011,10/6/2011,255,475,3,4,5>Stumbled upon this restaurant after driving aimlessly around OP looking for a unique place to eat dinner during a Friday evening sunset. The unique inside of this place is a bit more exotic than its johnson County exterior... individual booths under private roofs, Ethiopian style, with brightly colored walls and TVs with local acting as ambiance. The place was oddly empty sans a few others tables of quiet diners and two waiters. Our waiter explained the menu to us - all is to be eaten by fingers/hand, no forks. Any meat entree comes with 2 of the dozen offered vegetarian sides; make a meal out of one of the veggie sides and add two others for a full entree. I first started with lentil sweet potato soup and barely left enough room in my lil' tummy for the rest of it - pure delicious, ate every last morsel. Our entrees came out in a fair amount of time and our water glasses never ran empty. The food was served communal style with several spongy doughy wrap things - Ethiopian type tortillas. At first it didn't look like a ton of food - yet I am convinced that that spongy stuff expands in yo' belly because we couldn't possibly finish it all! All my veggie food was EXCEPTIONAL, my Shimbera Assa (Baked and sliced ground, garbanzo bean dough, simmered in a medium spiced stew with onions, berbere, tomatoes, ginger, garlic and a touch of mustard and nutmeg...) tasted so delicious, so unlike anything vegetarian I have ever eaten before, I immediately spit it out assuming it was meat. Thankfully I was wrong - and it was DELICIOUS! My husband's lamb dish also quickly disappeared into the depths of his belly. At the end of the evening, we both ate to our full and had enough to take home for around $40. A bit more than we usually spend for 2 meals, but DANG - that food was delicious. I'm ready to visit Ethiopia.
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,10/5/2011,553,763,,7,6>This place rocks.They must be doing a bang up business because they spent a small fortune on the building and interior.  There are two sides, one for heavy duty plastic surgery and the other is for med-spa services.  I am hoping that the med-spa services will postpone any plastic surgery decisions for a while.I received a coupon for a free facial during their grand opening event.  I went back a couple months later to try it out.  My aesthetician (Brooke) could not have been more kind and helpful.  She added on a light peel, paraffin and even gave me a couple of samples on my way out.  I have had some amazing facials all over the country and I tell you, my skin has NEVER felt as smooth and soft as it did after this treatment.My second visit was for another facial, plus I had an IPL laser add on to zap some broken capillaries that that make my cheeks a little too rosy.  Brooke did both of these treatments,  then scared the crap out of me by letting me see my face under that purple/ultraviolet light.  If you are one of those people who refuse to wear sunscreen, go do this.  You will be gooping that stuff all over your face to avoid sun damage!Med-spa services (facials/peels/laser) seem pretty reasonable to me.  Injectables like Botox and Sculptra look right in line with pricing at other facilities.I am going back in March to do a Vita Peel that Brooke recommended.  She said I will have some peeling for a couple days, so if you see me walking around in my big Rachel Zoe sunglasses, keep walking- I am incognito!
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2011,10/4/2011,73,75,,5,3>I'm giving them 5 stars because the service was awesome, and they were super nice to my kid. For me that wins major points. Pizza was very good, my friend and I split a pepperoni and fresh garlic and of course there was more than enough left over.I need to go back and try some of their sandwiches next. For Kansas City's take on  "New York Style" Pizza, it was pretty damn good. Now, if I can only find a place in KC that can attempt a New York bagel...
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2011,10/3/2011,30,269,2,5,3>Okay... I'm going to put this part Up Front and explain why 4 stars instead of 5?The Coffee - FIVE STARS (six or seven if I was allowed to vote 'em)The Food - maybe two stars (although the brownies are still good) Service and Atmosphere - Always friendly and helpful in a cozy, cheerful space.We are coffee snobs at our house and think really good coffee is essential to our well being and worth the extra money.  The coffee at Benetti's is GREAT and our household buys all it's roasted coffee beans from Benetti's. (they will even grind the beans for you if you don't have your own coffee grinder)  The drink part of the menu is excellent with a good selection of coffee based drinks - hot and cold.  Plus there are good selections of tea, brewed by the cup or over ice if you want it that way.  And the fruit smoothies are very good and a really nice way to mix it up for a change, when you want something instead of coffee or tea.My hubby and I have stopped eating food at Benetti's.  When they first opened, they offered made-on-site panini sandwiches that were really good!  The pastry case had some excellent bakery selections as well as a couple of wonderful cakes and brownies.  Since the shop is small and has only a couple of people working at a time, it became too difficult to continue to make the sandwiches and they changed to other less appealing alternatives.  We tried most of them but found them nothing special.  So now we go in for the coffee, the tea and an occasional smoothie and still count ourselves LUCKY to have Benetti's in the Raytown area.
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,10/2/2011,89,150,2,5,2>This is one of those restaurants that you will go to and definitely come back to over and over again. Why?Besides the immaculate attention to their patrons and the Austrian retro decor, there is not one plate on their menu, that will leave you disappointed. It's an amazing place to take a date or a business lunch, and a group of friends who appreciate fine dining. We had the roast, the asparagus salad, the steak egg noodle salad (yes the menu calls this a salad and O M G) the original frank, the cheese and veal sausage.  All of them get 5 stars, and though pricey, you get so much more then good food, it is in it's entirety a great experience.
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,10/1/2011,28,132,6,5,3>I have been waiting for this moment.  Both with eager anticipation, and a feeling of ultimate dread.  Glace has recently opened in One Nineteen, the shopping center which houses the likes of La Bodega, Trader Joe's, NoRTH, and the Apple Store at the southeast corner of 119th and Roe.Eager anticipation because I like the other location as well, and now it will be closer.  Ultimate dread because it's now closer.  News flash: ice cream is not particularly good for you, and now this awesome ice cream place is CLOSER.  MUST.  EXERCISE.  RESTRAINT.As always they have the delicious flavors that are savory and delicious.  The nice thing about this location (at least for right NOW) is that no one knows its there, so I don't feel guilty when I asked for 3 samples.  No one was behind me, I probably could have even asked for more.  The woman behind the counter seemed to be friendlier than those I have encountered at the Plaza location, but this might just be because it's always been busy when I've been there and they've been rushing.  Husband wasn't as impressed, but I really love the different flavors to be found.  I got a lemon sorbet with a french lavender ice cream complement (it occurred to me after eating it, that I may have been craving Unforked's lavender lemonade...)  When husband tried salted pretzel, he said there was something off-tasting about it.  I didn't try it, so I'm only writing from my own perspective.  He can always write his own review, can't he?
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,9/29/2011,45,45,,6,4>Love this place!!Absolutely one of the best Sushi restaurants I have tried in Kansas City. The Sushi is very fresh and oh so yummy.  The only down fall is that it might take some time to get your Sushi but they have some great appetizers while you're waiting, I myself love the Tempura Vegetables.  They also have traditional Japanese seating in the back. They will normally give you the option on where you would like to sit. I prefer traditional. You can always sit at the Sushi bar as well, the Chefs are very friendly and will make anything you want.So if you are a Sushi lover like myself this is the place to go!
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2011,9/27/2011,35,196,2,3,2>I am a junk food junkie as my hips and thighs will tell on me.  I also love hot dogs.  Yes I know how they are made and when I buy them in the grocery store, I usually buy Hebrew National, so the quality that I measure a hot dog by is pretty high.A friend of mine recommended the Dawg Pound to me and I was in the area on Friday, so stopped by for lunch.  I ordered the BLT Dog.  I enjoyed it very much.  The hot dog bun was large egg bun.  The hot dog itself was not one of those puny dogs you can get at the gas station or even the ball park.  It was a big dog, a good inch in diameter, and it was hot and juicy.  A plain old dog would have been yummy.The toppings were FRESH.  The diced tomatoes and the lettuce were perfect and the bacon crisp.  I topped my dog with mustard and mayo.What I like is that ketchup is not really an option, oh it's available, but not on the topping bar by the guys behind the counter making your dawg.I completed my meal with YUMMY waffle cut sweet potato fries.  Those in themselves would be worth going back to pound to get.I will be back for more dawgs...they had some interesting combos on the menu...yes you can get your plain old dawg, or one PB&J...so for the adventuresome eater and the more reserved eater, this would be a great place to eat.
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2011,9/26/2011,34,39,2,41,23>The place is beautiful inside and they have some of the friendliest staff. To be impartial it was not crowded inside when we went so we were the focus of the staff at the time. We even got to meet the co-owner and he comes from a long line of restauranteurs, and shared with us some of the ways his food is prepared differently. For example there is no dark meat in the General Tso's chicken which is why it tasted so good, and was crispy and not soggy at all. The Crab-Rangoon was also awesome. it was full of cream cheese and crab and it tasted awesome, it was provided with a pineapple bases sauce and mustard sauce. Overall I would highly recommend trying this place for high quality Chinese food.
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,9/25/2011,113,57,5,6,5>If you are on a mission to get quickly intoxicated off basically what was a mini beer keg and throw crazy strikes for 3 hours to three days grace and nelly on a big screen projector, then this is the path you should endure.  Mission Bowl turns the lights down at 10 and transforms into a cosmic party. I am not a huge bowler but seem to have gone out on a high note here the few times I've been. I blacked out several times throughout the games, and seemed to come out above average so it must have been cool.  I credit the steady flow of affordable domestic, golden libations you will inevitably slam down your competitive gullet as the night progresses paired with shitty music mysteriously becoming your personal soundtrack. As usual, bring at least one sober player to beat you and drive you home.note: lanes are a little close in proximity so make sure you are cool with the people next to you as there is the slight chance you will enter their space on accident..
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2011,9/24/2011,23,76,3,5,6>Did you know that when they opened Pot Pie didn't offer a pot pie on the menu?  Well at least that's what the bartender told me.  Whether it's true or not, I have yet to try the pot pie because everything else scribbled on the chalkboard menu screams my name so much louder each time.  High quality ingredients plus people that know what to do with them results in the juxtaposition of masterpiece and simplicity that is Pot Pie.And you MUST have an espresso (not expresso) martini for dessert.
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2011,9/23/2011,146,555,1,6,4>Oh how I love thee. Jackstack is a staple for us. I should have written this review a long time ago, but just now getting around to it. We went back recently. We go here when friends and family are in town or call in and pick up on our way home.This last time we eat in we ordered my favorite app which is the Jumbo Shrimp. They are freakin' huge and so good. Grilled to perfection and just the right amount of heat on them. The onion rings are always a good choice too.I ordered the Poor Russ this time which is chopped up burnt ends on a bun and they melt in your mouth. Hubby had the Martin City Mayor, same thing with coleslaw on it. We had sides of fries and the BEST BAKED BEANS IN THE WORLD. Big chucks of meat in the beans. So Yummy. Hubby also had the cheesy corn.When we get take out for parties we will get brisket, turkey, ham, ribs and beans. The meat is always tender with the right amount of smoke and the beans. I already said were the best in the world. I also love the Salmon Salad. I know strange on a BBQ menu, but it is fabulous. It has a nice sear on it and the salads are huge. I never finish it and have leftovers for lunch the next day.Some people call it upscale BBQ and it kinda is. You go in and sit in a great resturant with great atmosphere. It is usually quite enough to have a nice conversation and a few drinks while eating your BBQ.The sauce is a KC Sauce. Sweet but not like Masterpiece sweet which is to much. I have eaten a the OP, Martin City and Freighthouse locations. They are all great. I have never had a bad service.Be warned though if you go on a Friday, Saturday or Sunday you will have a wait and it can be as much as an hour. So plan accordingly and enjoy.
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,9/22/2011,50,183,,6,4>If you ever patronized the restaurant that previously occupied this space, the first thing you notice is that it has somehow shrunk. It seems as though Beer Cave next door expanded, and the result is a much smaller room and a more intimate dining experience.The second thing I noticed is that the place smelled awesome. This was followed immediately by the reassuring realization that every table appeared to be occupied by Chinese families speaking what I presume to be Cantonese, as they served themselves family-style from a variety of delicious-looking plates.Despite the place looking pretty busy, we were seated immediately and given a few minutes to peruse the menu. Everything looked pretty good, and the menu featured several pictures of dishes. I like most guts well enough, but I normally only consume intestines as sausage casing. The picture of the fried intestine in the menu had me rethinking this strategy, but ultimately I decided to save that adventure for another day. Since there were only two of us, we decided to share some pork pot stickers and each get a bowl of soup rather than opt for sharing one of the huge entrees.The pot stickers were a bit overlarge, making them somewhat difficult to manage with chopsticks, but they were delicious. Rich porkiness surrounded by an alternatingly crispy and pillowy wrapper. The beef noodle soup was similarly sublime, with a somewhat pho-like anise scented broth and velvety beef tendon. The egg noodles made it clear, however, that this was something entirely different and, dare I say, better. I didn't try my friend's wonton noodle soup, but it looked amazing.Capping off this immensely enjoyable experience was a bill that was barely $17 with tax, for an appetizer and two sufficiently large bowls of soup. A most welcome way to end an excellent meal!
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,9/21/2011,123,113,,9,4>So my friend, Craig, insisted I try this place out.  I love sushi and I don't expect much from a midwest sushi place but I thought I would give it a shot.  All you can eat, $15.95 and then half off specialty items.It is their grand opening though so it was 20% off.  We arrived a little after Noon on Sunday - they open at Noon.  There were some people already seated and ready to go.  We sat in B3.  Our server was a young man with a pony tail.  He got out drink order right away - water.  He brought us menus and the sushi sheet to pick what we wanted.  We ordered about 7 rolls and Craig got salad and I got Miso Soup.  It took a little bit but soon it came out along with a plate of Crab Rangoon - complimentary!  Let me say that Craig was here on Friday night and the service was terrible.  The waitress was really bad - forgetting items, not bringing drinks, no crab rangoon, etc.So, this service was stellar comparatively speaking.  The miso soup was good although there was a ton of seaweed and I left a lot in the bowl.  Craig said the salad was good and had lots of dressing - I assume this is a good thing.  The waiter brought him a fork for the salad unprompted which he appreciated. Then came the rolls.  Delicious rolls - so many rolls.  I don't know what all we got but all told I think we had...9 or 10?  I had to stop.  I couldn't do it.  Craig powered through though and took one for the team.  Delicious.  They were lots of cooked fish - eel, crab, etc.  But they were all well done and pretty and delicious.  We had water filled as needed.  They did lose our order for a bit but I wasn't longing for more rolls so it was ok to have a break.  The food was plentiful and the price was right.Please stay in business!!  I will be back!  $14.20 plus tip and I was full all day.  I went home and took a nap.  Wore me out!Decor was ok - we had a nice view of an apartment complex.  Staff was friendly and not overly up in my grill, I approve!okaybye.Aimee
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2011,9/20/2011,202,441,,9,2>Having read that Black Dog is one of the Top 5 coffeehouses in Missouri and Kansas, I was thrilled to be visiting this popular place. As we walked in, there was an strange silence throughout the building. The creak of the door opening was enough to get glances from every patron of the coffeehouse. Blackdog has a very large selection of specialty drinks. The biggest of their menu boards is a list of their unique lattes. They have all sorts of tea and chai and a choice of atleast 4 black drip coffees. I ordered the Bear Hug latte; White chocolate and Irish Cream. The drink was different, but with each sip became more and more delicious. There are all sorts of seating available; mostly high tables for people to study. Magazines and newspapers cover the tables so you can *quietly* read and sip your coffee. They have a large meeting room that you can call ahead and reserve for free. Overall, I'm glad I stopped by. I loved my drink. I will come back if I need a quiet place to curl up and read.
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2011,9/19/2011,222,511,6,5,5>Best corned beef *ever* in KC.Before you say, "Oh Susan, you so crazy", let me back up to give all the deets. I've been in Tea Drops a few times. They're really one of the only places in the downtown core that you can go with your dog, thanks to ample seating on their patio. Downtown Tea Drops, much like their Westport location, is a great place for tea and coffee, though tea is their specialTEA. Ha ha.Corny puns aside, they really do make good stuff. After discovering their NY-style deli meats, I've gone back to try it. Seriously good stuff. The best in KC. For realz.How so? The owners are the former owners of D'Bronx (which pretty much explains why D'Bronx sucks - riding their old reputation). They know their stuff. Well, at least their NY-style Jewish deli stuff. Plus, the other NY connection they have is their boba (tapioca pearls). They get them direct from Flushing, NY.I love their teas and other drinks. My only complaint is sometimes the boba are frozen and you have to let them sit in your drink and thaw out. I wish they'd pop it in the microwave or something for 15 seconds.Note- They are open late on days the adjoining Rep has a show going on.
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2011,9/17/2011,57,364,2,7,4>I visited Hot Basil last night as part of a large party. Everything was served family style, they put together a special menu for our group. We had:Apps - Chicken Satay (my favorite of the apps), Hot Basil Wings (I'm not a wing fan but they were super yummy, just looked too good to pass up) and Hot Basil Ribs (also great).Thom Kha Chicken and Shrimp soup - creamy coconut and just a bit of bright spice, big chunks of chicken, shrimp and onions -- good stuff! Left to my own devices I would have just picked up the serving bowl and polished it off without a second thought.Laab Salad with Sticky Rice - a salad of spiced ground pork and cabbage? Sign me up!Entrees - (yep, entrees plural!) Whole Tilapia with Basil Sauce, Red Curry Sauce and Sam Rod Sauce. This was an adventure to eat, I was lucky enough to be seated across from a former Mc&S server so he expertly portioned the fish at our end of the table. I wish I had paid more attention to how he did it, that's a skill a girl could use. Occasionally anyway. The sauces perfectly complemented the tasty fish.Pad Kee Mow with Beef - Spicy beef with veggies and noodles. This was the hottest dish they served last night but it was so good I ignored the slow burn building in my mouth and had some more.Hot Basil Curry Duck - Tasty duck in coconut curry sauce with just the right amount of heat and cherry tomatoes floating in the sauce. For dessert we had Chocolate Moose Rangoon (this sweet cousin of Crab Rangoon was dusted with powdered sugar and served with raspberry sauce). The shell was light and crispy and the presentation picture perfect. They also served Fresh Mango with Sweet Sticky Rice, very good as well.We stayed back a couple of minutes after most people had left the table to get a couple of take home boxes (OMG, just too good not to have it again tomorrow!) and the server, who is also the chef, was explaining that everything they serve is made fresh in house. I have to say I LOVE to hear that. She also mentioned that if there is something that we've had at another restaurant that's not on the Hot Basil menu, just ask, they can make anything.The service last night was spot on too and that's saying a lot when dealing with a large party. Glasses were kept filled and plates came and went with perfect timing. What a great experience, we will be back!
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2011,9/16/2011,366,998,4,5,5>I finally ate lunch here and I don't mean cookies for lunch (although it's quite possible to do that here because the cookies were so good).  I came here with two of my coworkers (both foodies) to eat lunch.  The lady told us we could make our own sandwiches for $5.95 or we could order half a sandwich and a bowl of soup for $5.95 as well.  I opted for the half a sandwich and bowl of soup because that's what my coworker did.  I ordered a Turkey Sandwich, the Twice Baked Potato Soup, a Kiss Cookie, and can of soda all for $8.44 total.  We didn't wait that long for our food to come to our table.  At first glance, I didn't think my sandwich and soup would be filling; however, I was wrong because I was pretty full when I was done.  The Twice Baked Potato Soup was soooo good!  It was like a party was in my mouth with every bite because the bacon, onions, and cheese complemented each other very nicely.  I had to break off the string of cheese coming from my mouth a couple of times. lolI need to go back for some more Twice Baked Potato Soup but most importantly, the cookies!  I've been here with my coworkers just over a handful of times.  Awesome cookies in my opinion!
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2011,9/15/2011,88,95,3,6,5>I stopped in here one afternoon after trekking down to try a new restaurant.  due to the heat I needed to find a nice cool place to hang for a few minutes before walking the 8 blocks back to my office in the oppressive late July afternoon heat. I sidled up to the bar, ordered something cold to drink.  The bartender, Aaron, was very engaging and attentive.  It had been a while since I had been into the Bulldog and for some reason, especially following this visit, I couldn't remember why.  This is an Awesome local hang out w/ exceptional happy hour specials on food and drink.  I would highly recommend the Bulldog to anyone looking for a fun and relatively inexpensive place to while away the after work hours.
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/30/2010,9/14/2011,36,117,6,5,3>I stumbled in around 11:30 pm, pissed in meanings applicable on both sides of The Pond.This was the last stop on my buddy's birthday pub crawl,  and he was about to meet a special someone around midnight.  I was just keeping him company until she arrived---and what better to do that with than a half-off specialty drink.Apparently, on Tuesday night, specialty drinks are half price.  That's right, I had two hand-made mojitos (a little heavy on the simple syrup) for $6 total.And I don't even drink mojitos----but from my quick read of the menu, it looked to be the only option that didn't feature pink, blue or orange.I chased the mojitios with some Jimmy Johns.  God bless Wornall.
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2010,9/13/2011,339,655,6,8,6>This is my second favorite brunch place to go to in Missouri (and I'm VERY PICKY about breakfast/brunch).For drinks, try the Ninja and Rooster. I enjoyed the crispy home fries which were made without butter. The poached eggs really popped in my mouth (literally). We had great service at the bar. Why wait in line? SUCKAS. There was a long line outside. Who would think? A line in KCMO? So fare. You know it HAS TO BE GOOD!This was a much better experience than the 2 times I went to the cramped restaurant when it was in the City Market and you had to climb a lame narrow spiral staircase to the bathrooms. I'm glad I'm not handicapped! This is a much nicer location, love the staff, and love the food.I'm looking for another excuse to go here :) Shout out to fellow yelper Lauren O. It's always nice bumping into you and your family.Brunch anyone?
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2011,9/11/2011,39,88,3,6,6>Right when you walk in, it's got quite a cool vibe with low lighting, brick walls with unique art, good music, and hipster servers.  They have a cool little alley patio, but we didn't get to enjoy it due to the rain on that day.  Unfortunately, I never got to check out the original location, but I definitely like the new one.I have to say the menu was slightly confusing, but the server was very helpful in explaining it.  We decided to get the sliders and the tacos to get a little bit of everything.  The server also recommended a side of what I have to say is the best Mac N Cheese I've ever had, which is saying a lot coming from a person who barely orders mac n cheese because of how dissapointed I usually am. Although it was customizable with almost whatever you would want, we chose the candied jalapeno and chorizo mac n cheese.  Ammmmazing.   The sliders and tacos were really good too, but the tacos were slightly soggy, probably because I didn't eat them fast enough since I was scarfing down some cheesy, meaty, spicy macaroni.Towards the end of the meal, the owners stopped by the table checking on us and how the meal was which I very much appreciated.Overall, a very pleasant experience and very good food.  I can't wait to go back.
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2011,9/10/2011,80,254,3,7,5>My friend and I came to Elsa's the other day, as we are always down for a new dining adventure. Like previous reviewers have stated, ambiance is not the strong point here, however the joint is clean, and with a few decorations or pictures on the wall, it would be downright cozy! Service was friendly and warm, the jazz music was relaxing but a little loud, but let's get to it, shall we? The food was great. We tried an app and shared two entrees dining communal style. Our appetizer, the vegetarian sambusa WAS AWESOME. Repeat: AWESOME! The lentils inside were perfect, and the outside was fried to perfection. I will go back for the sambusas alone.  I had the beef tibs while my friend had a chicken dish. Both were seasoned and very delicious. We tried a few sides, gomen, red lentils (on the spicy side, yum!), and a chickpea puree that was FANTASTIC! Elsa came by our table to check on us, and after learning we were new to Ethiopian cuisine, she brought us a different wat to sample.  Bonus points! There were several beef, chicken, and vegetarian options on the menu, a pasta dish and a couple of fish options. I don't remember any goat or lamb dishes, but I may have overlooked them. As I recall, no dish was priced over $9.99, making Elsa's very affordable. I am not a huge fan of sour dough bread, so the taste of the injera was a little strong for me, but the experience of eating sans utensils was fun!This is a great little restaurant, and would be wildly successful if transplanted to, let's say, 39th street or the likes. I HOPE it will find enough business in its OP location to stay open long enough for me to become a regular.
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2011,9/9/2011,126,203,6,4,3>Margaritas has the best chips and salsa in kc.  first of all.  2nd of all, they have good mexican food, cheap and fresh.  I am a fan of margaritas, especially the one on the Boulevard.  So is my brother, and he is a mexican food specialist.  I like the naked burrito, their chicken burrito, and anything with chicken and their salsa.  But I am willing to eat anything they have.  They still have a fuckin smoking section too.  And I dont even smoke and I think this is rad. Its like walking through time.
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,9/8/2011,55,20,5,10,6>"That's the best meal we've had in this city in years." "I was just about to say that."That was the conversation between myself and the Lady after my recent birthday dinner there.  It's rare that both of us are equally impressed with a dining experience, but dammit Reiger staff, you nailed it that night.We started with an early happy hour which segued nicely into the night's meal.  The bar staff here lives up to their acclaim, cocktails were spanking good, and the gents behind the counter are charming conversationalists.Since we had perused a menu in the bar area, we already had a game plan for ordering our meal.  We were pleased when our server agreed with and encouraged our decision to split one of each course.  Erin, our server, was absolutely perfect.  She was attentive and engaging the entire evening, and was happy to answer every question we had (I ask a lot of questions, even if I already know the answers, I'm kind of an jerk that way).  The food was pretty much perfect as well.  The charcuterie plate featured chicken liver paté, and wild boar rillettes (particularly delicious and bereft of gaminess).  It and every other course we sampled was just damn good.  Throughout the meal there were signs that great care went in to the preparation of the meal, like the perfectly browned pearl onions in the rich and decadent rabbit pot pie.  Immediately preceding the Birthday celebration, the Lady and I had a day filled with nasty weather and bureaucracy.  Our dinner at the Reiger made all these nuisances a distant memory, and made for a blissfully memorable celebration!
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2011,9/7/2011,117,166,6,6,5>This past weekend, my family was in town for my college graduation, and they left it up to me to pick where we all ate dinner. Deciding for 10 people is quite the task, so I took the route of only deciding for my pregnant self. I wanted barbeque. No questions about it.I had never been to Arthur Bryant's, nor had any one else in the group. The final verdict was a mixed one. I personally loved it! I order the half chicken and fries, and ate ALL of it. The boyfriend got burnt ends and thoroughly enjoyed his, as well. I'm not sure what my brother and his girlfriend ordered but they loved theirs too. My dad and stepmom loved theirs too. Now, 3 family members (all of them are from Mississippi, let me remind you) they did not like it at all. Apparently Kansas City barbeque is toooooo different from Memphis barbeque for them to appreciate. So that's the run down. 6 loved it. 3 hated it. (and the 4 year old didn't really eat, but she liked the few bites she had)Sweet, smoky, tender, delicious barbeque. Arthur Bryant's got it.Also, their drink sizes are INSANE! a large drink is like the size of my head. Order small on the drinks.  and despite the grimy feel the place has, I'll definitely be going back. :) Which says a lot, if you know me. I avoid places based on their lack of cleanliness.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2011,9/6/2011,112,59,5,6,6>There's a reason they call me "Red". I've got really red hair. It's totally fake, but being pale and a quarter Irish means I have a complexion that carries it off well enough to get asked if it's real. No, I won't tell you what brand of hair color I use. A girl's gotta have her secrets. One secret I am not going to keep is how awesome Trés Beauty is. A certain local aerial artist tipped me off about them as she was lacing me into a corset at Dr. Sketchy a few weeks prior. I had mentioned I needed to pick up some extensions for my impending nuptials. My hair isn't quite long enough for the style I want and my stylist, Sha at Aspen Salon and Spa is going to make the extensions clip-in for the style.Anyway, so I called TB to see what their Saturday hours were, and ask them about extensions. The girl on the phone was really helpful and explained I may end up having them special order because they mostly carry black or brown hair. Not a problem, I've still got like 9 weeks to go. She told me who to ask for, and I felt much more confident about doing this.So, I was told real human hair extensions were really expensive too. So I was prepared to drop some cash, it's my damn wedding, after all.   I get to TB with my finacé in tow, who has an excellent eye for color. TB is in the Landing shops, which is really a tiny shopping mall. Nicey's soul food is nearby, and there's a Captain D's. So you walk into the Landing and straight ahead is TB. To the right is a police officer in a little booth who looks kinda bored. To the left is a jewelry/cell phone/ watch battery kiosk. There's other stuff too but we headed into TB.It's like...any wig you could want is there on display. There's nail polish for all your nail art needs. It's pretty wild. I asked for the guy I was told to, and he turned out to have lucious ringlets of black hair and a giant handlebar mustache. He was like if "Machete" worked in a beauty supply store instead of being an ex Mexican cop turned vigilante. With longer fingernails than me.Anyway, he knew I'd called the day before (apparently they don't get a lot of redheads in there) and had already pulled the red extensions they had in stock for me. I managed to find a match in a hair texture that works for me, and snatched them up for UNDER $30!!! SCORE!!!!So yeah, if I ever want a black wig so I can re-live my college days, I am coming here, for the prices, selection and service it can't be beat!
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2011,9/5/2011,49,133,4,5,4>YES, YES, YES, YES!!!!  I LOVE this place!!!  It is right by my office which is awesome, but the food itself is AMAZING!!!  I have tried a ton of the wraps as well as the chicken tacos and fish tacos.  Everything is great (except for the wraps with cold chicken...that crap is dry and bland, so opt for the vegetarian version or get a hot wrap where the chicken is cooked fresh).  There are a lot of vegetarian options which could easily be made vegan by opting out of the cheese!This place is absolutely amazing.  Go, go, go, go, go!Oh, and they cook everything made to order, so while it is fast, there can be a bit of  a wait depending on how busy they are.  That said, you can call ahead so if you are in a rush you don't have to wait around!Oh, and the owner is the cook and the same people are always in there working and are very friendly!I cannot say enough great things about this place!  I hope they franchise and spread into more locations!
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2011,9/4/2011,262,244,5,10,7>As fate would have it we met the self titled, "guy who eats at Smokin' Guns every day."  As we were deciding, he announced the thing he gets every day and that we should too.  In case you're wondering it was Burnt Ends and Potato Salad.  That's cool and everything but when it comes to BBQ I'm a sucker for the sandwich.  We ended up with the Pulled Pork sandwich special (w/fries and a drink) and the Smoked Turkey sandwich with a side of BROCCOLI CASSEROLE (the recipe alone needs its own font.)  Our total was $19.59.  J and I affectionately call this combo the Turk and Perk (turkey and pork) it is our standard move at most BBQ places.   I won't eat turkey that isn't smoked and this one definitely met my expectations.  The pulled pork??  Good.  Night.  Why does he always get the better meal?  (pouting.)  So we shared.  Side Note:  Get it on Bread unless you really like Buns.  We got both sauces, spicy and original.  We both agreed that there was something "off" with the spicy...the jury is out, we're not sure what it was but it didn't stop us from eating it.  The original is one of the best original sauces in KC (We usually lean toward anyone's spicy.)  For those of you who haven't seen the DDD episode the cashier informed us it would be aired on 5/30/11, not sure what time.  I'll keep coming here 'cause next time it's my turn for the Pulled Pork.
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2011,9/3/2011,2544,833,6,5,8>This place makes me want babies. OK, you want more of a review than that? OK fine:Walking past Reading Reptile, I noticed their front window had been converted into a play area with a George and Martha theme. No, not our first president and his wife (a hip, hip lady), but rather the two coolest Hippopotamuses a kid can read about. I grew up reading the George and Martha books, and they definitely make me swell with nostalgia. I knew we had to walk in.I noticed that right inside the door is a bookcase labeled "All Books $5". They were all a bit torn up, so I assume they were originally the display copies that kids got their hands on. Still, I think that's a fantastic offer that hopefully gets books into the hands of less-fortunate kids. There's a cupcake shop, and all of the different selections are named after characters from fairy tales. Impossibly cute, right?The customer service is fantastic. They REALLY know their inventory, and are able to make suggestions based on what you've already selected. The nice woman behind the counter initiated a conversation with me regarding her favorite childrens books that taught lessons without being patronizing, which I appreciated. I don't have a kid of my own, and that might not be in the cards. Still, my neice and nephew are going to be getting a LOT of books from me, just so that I have an excuse to shop here!
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2011,9/2/2011,226,187,4,7,5>After some day drinking and an evening BBQ, I got my Jerry's Bait Shop cherry popped when some friends headed out for a night of boozing and dancing.  This place is in a cool little section of Lenexa, right by some train tracks.  The setup is simple, a long bar, some seating, and a small stage area.  They have a large open air back alley that you don't see much of anymore outside of college towns.From what I'm told, they have live music nearly every night.  The night I was there, it was "Brothers Green".  Pretty awesome band actually, I'd check them out if you like jazz, blues, reggae, and hip hop.  Service was fast, drinks were flowing, and people were dancing.  Highly recommended for your dive bar fix in JoCo topped off with good people watching.
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2011,9/1/2011,182,367,,3,4>The new polar bear exhibit is awesome! With huge paws, Nikita is playful and really adds to the zoo.  At just $6, you definitely get your money's worth of entertainment.The staff was very happy to answer questions also. Really looking forward to the coming penguin exhibit. For those with limited mobility, the train makes getting between exhibits easy. Overall its a great place for a date or family outing.
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2011,8/31/2011,29,39,1,10,7>After months of listening to friends rave about 888 Market, we finally decided to stop by and check the place out.  I've never been to the large Asian supermarkets in other cities (though I thought about visiting the big international market in Nashville).  Probably the biggest, nicest place I've been to is the Asian grocery in City Market built several years ago, a marked improvement from the cramped, dimly lit City Market groceries in the days of yore.  While one misses the charm of these little groceries, one does not always miss the narrow aisles and lack of labeling.888 is even bigger than the City Market grocery.  The aisles are wide and easy to navigate.  We had little trouble finding what we were looking for.  The selection is somewhat better as well, with an even greater variety of goods.  The noodles, spices, and frozen goods are especially good.  The meat/fish, however, is not much better and lacks some of what you'll find in City Market, like crawfish and frog legs.  Nonetheless, we found live lobsters and octopi, and there were the usual odd bits one expects to find at any good Asian market.  Their selection of produce is also quite good, with lots of different varieties of chili peppers and mushrooms.  I was almost overwhelmed by the selection of noodles.While there we didn't get a chance to check out the food court, but we're definitely planning to on the next visit.  I think 888 warrants a few more.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/16/2011,8/30/2011,157,291,5,8,7>Every so often, my husband and I decide to forgo our usual favorite bars and go out exploring to see what we can find. Saturday night was one of those times, and when we saw that there was a place called Lost Bar reasonably close by, we were intrigued. First of all, I'd say it's safe to assume that we probably wouldn't have found Lost Bar without first reading Scott M.'s review, as it really is tucked away behind a strip mall, and there's really no way you'd even know it's there without some kind of insider tip. When we arrived at about 9pm there was a karaoke "contest" or karaoke-off going on, as well as a birthday celebration...in fact, I think every single person in the bar was there for the birthday party, as they all apparently knew each other. This is definitely a bar for local folks, and I got the feeling that it's not a place that frequently has random people just showing up like my husband and I did! Never mind, though! We were greeted by the friendly bartender and had drinks in front of us in no time. Lost Bar is small and smoky (oh yes, you can most certainly smoke there), and it really almost feels like you're drinking in someone's basement bar. We "opened a tab", which consisted of the bartender writing my husband's name on a piece of notebook paper, and keeping track of our drinks that way. There are literally 4 beers on tap, but a good selection of bottled beers and other liquor (including Jameson, to my surprise and delight). They also have two fridges behind the bar where they keep beer and shot glasses cold, as well as store some mixers and whatnot. I'm almost certain that they don't serve food, but I could be wrong about that. I'm also unsure as to whether or not they accept credit cards, as we decided to pay cash. (It's probably just easier to have some cash on you here, just in case.)Despite being smoky, the bar was clean (as were the bathrooms), the people were friendly, and the drinks were cheap (and good strong pours). I don't think we'll ever become hardcore regulars here, but we'll definitely visit Lost Bar again.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2011,8/28/2011,148,216,4,6,4>I popped in here to look for a new knife block and about peed myself.  Kitchen gadgets EVERYWHERE!  ZOMG!I wandered around in here for an hour finding 100 different things I don't really need (mango pitter? whisk with a pig handle?) when I finally had to leave to go get sustenance.  They have anything and everything cool, weird, and bizarre that you would ever need in your kitchen.  High end, low end...you name it.  I didn't even get through the entire store before I had to leave and it's not a very large store.  About the size of an average Claire's Boutique at the mall.  I left with a bitchin' new knife block, a mixing paddle with rubber squeegees for my Kitchenaid stand mixer, and some cute cupcake cups.I need to stay very far away from this place or I'll have to buy a 2nd kitchen to house all my crap.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2011,8/27/2011,38,50,6,4,3>Alright, It's been awhile and I need to write a review.I just left Woodside and thought I would pop in some place after failing to secure a last minute date on POF.  Poor me.I walked in at 9:26 PM and noticed as I was doing so it was empty and the Yelp app told me they were only open until 9:00 PM.  A gentleman greeted me and I asked about getting food.  He said I could get it to go.  Alright, that's fair I suppose.  I asked for a recommendation and  he wanted to know chick or vegetarian.  I said I could go either way,  but hey let's do Chicken.  He said the Chicken Tikka Masala was popular and I said cool.  Didn't ask about spiciness so I assume this dish has no degree of spiciness.  Too bad, I was really looking for that.  I should have said something.I took it home and it was quite good.  I have not had an Indian dish like this before.  Can't wait to go back another time and get something else.And the seconds for lunch will be great I am sure.Now, if I could just score a date to take, but that's a different problem...
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2011,8/26/2011,50,87,,5,6>You could drive up and down Wornall 100 times and never even notice The Piano Room. In fact, I probably have.  It is cleverly tucked away in a strip mall anchored at one end by a Price Chopper. The Piano Room is a lesser known, but well loved, dive bar in the collection of great dives that make Waldo one of my favorite neighborhoods to have a drink.  All in all, a great place.  It has cheap drinks, friendly staff and comfortable bar stools (often overlooked, but very important).  What more could you want?
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2011,8/25/2011,25,82,4,7,9>Disclaimer:  Didn't eat the food.    8:30pm on a Thursday, no customers to be seen, Palmer bartending as he has been for 30 years at Savoy, and Paul, the illustrious/unique/expressive manager, catching a bite in the back corner.  This is the ultimate Time Warp folks.  Our new friends that Savoy'ed us, described its state as that of Splendid Decay.  So true.I can see why this gets 1 stars and 5 stars both.  It's NOT for everybody!  My guess is that the food quality varies a bit but let me say this:Palmer poured a good drink and played historian, feeding us tidbits and rumors of a period long past.  And Paul gave us a full tour of the place when he was done, only interrupted by his need to play host for a few minutes for the only guest of the night, Mr. Gates.  Yes...Mr. GATES.He's a regular.  And brings his own sauce!Come in, chat with Palmer, engage yourself, expect a little 'dingy' here and there but let the art deco wash over you and just imagine what it once was.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2011,8/24/2011,45,115,4,7,6>Bijin provides an excellent spa experience, and is the perfect way to recover from a stressful week (or day, or month, or year...you get the picture). I have seen Rae at Bijin for over two years, and she does an amazing and painless job of shaping and waxing my eyebrows.   She also gives the best facials ever.  Not only is it relaxing, but she picks out specific masks for your skin type so you leave with better skin than you came in with.  Rae also has a gift for massage during the facial - so relaxing!  My skin is very prone to breakouts, and she was able to recommend a great mix of products that have greatly reduced breakouts and improved my skin.My only quibble is with the scheduling service.   Once, I booked a brow wax and facial with Rae.  I was told that she only had time for a 45-minute facial.  Since that was her only open time for a few days, I decided to take it.  When I arrived, Rae did my waxing service, but I was told someone else was going to do my facial.  I was shocked.  This was not what I had been told on the phone.  I expressed my displeasure to the ladies at the front, but they acted like it was my fault, and wouldn't admit that it was their error.  They told me that there was "no way" Rae would have been available at the time I called to give me a 45-min facial since she had been booked for weeks.  So, why not just tell me she didn't have time?  I would have scheduled for a longer facial on a different day....sigh.That incident was only one, but the superior and haughty attitudes of the normally sweet ladies behind the scheduling counter drops their customer service rating to an EEK!  However, the amazing services I've had at Bijin over the years, and the fact that I love Rae and can't imagine trading her for anyone will keep me coming back, and recommending Bijin to others.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2011,8/23/2011,0,35,5,4,3>The fortune cookies at BoLings should say "be careful who you go to Dim Sum with."My husband will eat anything once. He's always game when it comes to gastronomical experimentation. His fearlessness with the fork may have something to do with the fact that he has a diminished sense of smell and taste. So, something revolting is rendered merely unpleasant when he eats it.Not the ideal dim sum companion for someone like me who has relatively low risk tolerance at restaurants.When the big metal carts roll by our table, I always stop the ones that display simple and recognizable favorites: steamed shrimp dumplings, savory pork buns, crispy spring rolls, sweet cream buns and custardy egg tarts.I even like slightly bitter lotus leaf rice and sou pastries.My husband calls over the carts that carry strange, pungent dishes with unrecognizable ingredients.His choices invariably involve slimy seafood, fermented beans, or deep fried chicken feet.Dim Sum is a blast for kids and is best enjoyed in groups. Our son thinks that grossing Mommy out with the Phoenix Talons (fried chicken feet) is the height of hilarity.He loves Bo Lings lo mein noodles and devours an astonishing number of spring rolls for a kid his size.Go, eat and be merry - but be wary - don't let the gridiron gut of your group place the orders!See photos and more on my Tumblr blog, The Family Unit (link under Profile).
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,8/22/2011,46,28,7,10,6>"bzzzzzz. bzzzzzzz. bzzzzzz." I'm lying in bed. I look to my left. My cell phone is vibrating. It's my friend Liz. It's a gorgeous Sunday morning. I'm thinking, "mimosas! bloody marys!" Yes, I could definitely use something to hair this flippin dog hanging around after last night's tequila shots and brews. Liz has something else in mind. She wants pho. That's fine with me. Pho is nature's cure for hangovers. The odd part is, she suggests a Thai restaurant for a clearly Vietnamese dish.Interesting. She swears this place is amazing including the pho. I decide to take her word for it; I mean, the girl is half-Vietnamese. Plans are settled for us to meet up. As usual, I end up waiting near an hour in the parking lot for good ole Liz to finally arrive. And as per usual, Liz has some outlandish tale as to why she didn't arrive on time. What was the excuse you ask? "The ATM I went to ran out of money." Rigggghhhh Liz. I still love you.We enter Bangkok Pavillion. Immediately, we are greeted and seated. I'm already happy about that. Our drink orders are taken -- aqua on the rocks for two. On the weekends during brunch, there is a nice-sized buffet. I'm not going to lie. I've been to many Thai buffets and I've always left so so disappointed. Needless to say, my mind was pretty made up that it was going to be crap. Well slap me silly, I was wrong. I hate being wrong, but I was wrong. The buffet was filled with such a variety of items. There were curries, meats, papaya salad, noodle dishes including a coconut curry noodle soup that was delicious. I love papaya salad and they had it available in both Lao and Thai style. AWESOME! There was even STICKY rice! I think this was the first place I found that had sticky rice. And of course, I had to try the pho. There was a young lady dressed in traditional Thai clothing serving the pho. Most know that pho is basically a rice noodle dish served with beef broth, slices of beef, meatballs, all garnished with bean sprouts and herbs. The portion was small compared to what I am used to but it was a buffet, so if you wanted more of course you could go back. The broth was so flavorful. After two plates and two bowls of soup (the curry noodle soup and pho), I was well on my way into a food coma. After all of that, the dog I was trying to hair had completely escaped my mind. Where's Fido ya'll?
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2011,8/21/2011,56,100,,12,2>Ok, I'm goin' five stars. My first experience was excellent. This place is clean, everyone in there was friendly and I had a flavorful, enjoyable dinner for $4.50! Five stars, right? I realize that I should probably try more than one menu item before deeming an eatery a full-on-five but it was that good.I had the falafel sandwich. Tasty falafel in a pita with hummus, lettuce, tomatoes and very thinly sliced red onions. Hot sauce if you want...had mine on the side just in case.I'll be back.
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,8/20/2011,91,26,3,5,6>After moving closer to Morning Glory Espresso, I had zero excuses not to visit them. Upon my first visit, I was greeted, sold my drink, then thanked - nothing special... then I took a sip from my warm 20 oz of Roasterie deliciousness and fell in love. Having since returned, I have decided to broaden my horizons by partaking in a range of coffee and non-coffee delicacies, my favorite currently being a Chai Latte with whole milk. The combination of whole milk and chai seasonings creates an almost buttery taste that swells with each sip. *I am officially a fan* Now that Yelp has deemed me a regular of Morning Glory Espresso, the service has also greatly improved with each visit. The owner(s) are friendlier and open to conversation/recommendations. MGE is starting to feel like my local coffee shop! I would like to mention that MGE is not solely devoted to selling beverages, they also offer a great selection of healthy (and unhealthy) breakfast items: biscuits and gravy, steel-cut oatmeal, breakfast burrito, breakfast sandwiches (served only until 9am), breakfast bowls, and also smaller less demanding items like cereal, muffins and bagels. I've tried the unhealthy version of the breakfast bowl: bacon, eggs, potatoes and cheddar cheese - out of this world delicious! I've also tried a healthier item (which I quickly made unhealthy): steel cut oatmeal with raisins, walnuts, craisins, brown sugar, butter, maple syrup and sugar. I will be back for this $3 breakfast item any day! Be sure to check out Morning Glory Espresso for your beverage needs. They offer (according to a menu I took), 25 flavors for lattes or Italian sodas, 7 sugar-free flavors, soy alternatives, 20 varieties of tea, 9 flavors of smoothies - anyway can be pleased. *FYI* they are only open 6am - noon Monday - Friday and 7am - noon Saturday
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,8/19/2011,54,211,,6,3>The "Locavore" trend rages on and has made a successful landing in Parkville, MO. The board outside says they use meat and produce from farms nearby and Great Harvest (I think) bread made in Kansas City.The restaurant is in an old house just up from the main drag in Parkville, with separate dining areas made from 3 or 4 of the rooms. The decor is bright and cheery, with works by local artists adorning the walls-all for sale of course. The service was friendly without being overbearing.The standard menu is a half-sheet of paper offering a burger, chili dog and sandwiches on one side, and a kids' menu and sides on the other. Several daily specials are posted on old panes of glass mounted in each room, and include vegetarian and gluten-free items.I had a tasty and rather fiery bowl of chili, and my daughter had a club sandwich off the "Light Side" menu accompanied by some really nice sweet potato chips, which incidentally cooled the fire of the chili a little bit! We had enough room to split dessert-cheesecake with chocolate ganache underneath and caramel syrup-Yum!There's no liquor service at this time, and I'm not sure if they're open past lunchtime, but they do serve breakfast on Wednesday and Thursday. Based on what I had today, it's worth checking out!
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2011,8/18/2011,109,469,2,4,3>After living in Beaverton, Oregon, with several fantastic Indian restaurants minutes from our home, my husband and I were pretty content with the knowledge that we wouldn't find anything nearly as good here. Then we discovered Korma Sutra on a Saturday night. The restaurant was full, but we were able to grab one of the two open tables.We ordered the meal for two because it included the two main dishes (lamb saag and chicken tikka masala) that we were planning to order anyway. the meal also came with chicken samosas, soup and dessert. Along with the papadum and yummy mango chutney, they also brought a veggie pakora out for each of us. the samosas were good, but not as good as our other appetizers. The soup was pretty bland. Our main entrees were fantastic. They were spicier than what we were used to, which was fine with both of us.Then dessert, we not only got the rice pudding that was part of our meal, but they also brought us an ice cream treat and small cup of chai.I don't know if these extras are something they do all the time, but if definitely enhanced our experience. The service was also very good. They refilled my mango lassi (which I was persuaded to get but could really only tolerate one glass of) and poured the rest into a to go cup. Needless to say, we also had other leftovers which we devoured the next day.This definitely isn't food I can eat every day, but whenever I have an Indian food craving I know where I'll be going.
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,8/17/2011,30,97,2,4,2>It's been 7 years since i've moved to KC and this was the first pizza place i tried, so it will always be a favorite of mine.  I always get the St Louis Style Pie, the Provel Cheese on this pie works wonders.  I would describe the atmophere inside as kind of Hipster Family Friendly,  great beer selection and a great place to take family or a group of friends.  Eric the Magician and the Trivial Pursuit cards also add to the family/friend fun at Waldo Pizza.
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2010,8/16/2011,159,346,,10,7>I finally was able to try Habashi House.  I'm glad I did.I split the house combination platter and gyro.  I am in love with their tabouli.  I am not a huge fan of mint.  It was fresh tasting without being too minty.  The hummus is the creamiest I have ever had.  The garlic isn't too overwhelming.  I was surprised with the falafel.  It was so moist and very well seasoned.  The dolmas was served warm.  I wasn't sure if I liked it warm.  After two bites, I realized the warmth really brings out the flavors.The gyro is one of the best I have had in the metro area.  It was very, very flavorful but onions and tomato weren't prominent.  I like the pop of onion and tomato with my gyro.  I will ask for extras next time.  I was sticker shocked but in a good way by the prices.  You receive so much for so little money.  I am glad to have gone and can't wait to go back.
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2011,8/15/2011,115,89,27,15,10>It's an IHop for black people. That being said, you needn't be black to eat here. Or a fan of IHop. I'm neither, but I love Niecies. Tucked away on a gross corner of the world, Niecie's is a gleaming beckon of friendliness and deliciousness. Set up like a diner, but ran like a 3 star Michelin winner, this restaurant is everything that's right about KC. Chicken and waffles? Fucking yes. Greens? Slow simmered with fat onions and bacon hunks. I dare you to eat it and not love it. Fried chicken? As good, if not better than anything you can get at KFC or Popeyes. Salty, crunchy, amazing. Mac and Cheese? Eh... tasted a little prepackaged. But still piping hot when it came out... creamy and delightful. Previous reviews have mentioned the service-- are you fucking kidding? These crazy bastards put anyone else in town to shame. I guarantee it. It's amazing. From the moment you're sat, you're treated like royalty-- or at least a really wealthy cousin-- and it doesn't let up. And that's really impressive, because when I went, the chick in the booth behind us was cracked out-- dressed to the nines in a Taz shirt with soiled camo-cargo shorts-- and she got the same attention I did. (but don't be deterred-- she was the exception, not the rule. Aside from us, the rest of the place was filled with distinguished looking black guys-- maybe city council members wanting to get their chicken on)And that's pretty magical, friends. Oh, and you can have lunch here for like, $6. That's why every place in KC really can just suck it. You'll never beat Niecie's for value and deliciousness. Stop trying.
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2011,8/14/2011,292,268,4,7,6>What a gorgeous park.  It is such a lush and beautifully maintained park.  I don't know what this park doesn't have.  Seriously, it offers everything a park should offer and more.  Walking trails, duck pond, rose garden, picnic area, playground, tennis courts, open vast green space for picnics, kite flying, nap taking or ball throwing.....on and on and on.Any wannabe arborist would have a wet dream here.  The park houses some of the most beautiful trees you could ever hope to see.  Some are grand and proud, while others have survived many storms and have taken on a unique look of their own.  The shapes and textures of the trees dotting the park are special here.It's one of my dogs favorite places to take a walk for many reasons, but the biggest reason of all.....ducks.  His little daschund eyes light up as if he just saw the most beautiful platter of Peking duck being presented to him!  My favorite view is standing on the south end of the park looking towards the Plaza.  It's just lush rolling green hills dotted with trees and a diverse group of people using the park.  You can see the tops of The Walnut's condo buildings (some of my favorite residential buildings in all of our city) and some of the hard-scape of our city poking out of the top of the amazing green space our city has to offer.  It's a great space to escape, reflect and refocus your day in.Go take advantage of Loose Park, there are many reasons to, go and figure yours out.
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2011,8/13/2011,27,37,,9,4>If you forgot your herb guide book at home, don't panic. The staff is really helpful and knowledgeable about teas, herbs and supplements. It takes a couple of walk throughs to get your bearings, but once the initial "whoa" has worn off it's easier to focus. Herbs, Teas and supplements are easily identifiable and are separated for clarity. The black, whites and green teas are extraordinary, a little bit goes a long way, but when you drink lots of little bits all day, it runs out quickly. The Herbs and Teas are sold as a single herb/tea or in blends for common ailments. I highly recommend the tea of tranquility, white peach, the citrus (green or white, can't remember) Blueberry green tea, Rose melange, morning energy and heart smart are also family favorites. While I wasn't cured, the breathe deep did help. When I go back to the store to replace my favorite tea, I walk out with another that becomes the 'new favorite'. Minus one star because I have sensitive sinus' and the incense is very strong.
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2011,8/12/2011,23,129,3,14,2>Best new place in Lenexa!I recently tried Victors on a carry out basis.  Had received a mailer menu at my home, so we had a chance to browse the menu before calling.Wanted to try everything at once!  Sanity prevailed and settled on a small sample of the Chicago Deep Dish Victors Special, a thin crust All meat, and an order of cheese bread.Atmosphere very  casual. Greeted right away and promptly serve red.  In and out was 2 minutes tops. A+ rating for when I am in one of my crabby anti-people moods.when you don't want to interact with others.Upon arrived home, the bread was actually  sticks with a roll of gooey cheese inside them.  One order consisted of 5 large sticks with a good sized tub of hot marinara dipping sauce.  The sticks were enveloped in aluminum foil, inside the container. You wouldn't think that something this simple would impress me, but the sticks were still steaming hot when I got home, the cheese actually oozed out!  Why doesn't every other joint do this instead of shoving it into a Styrofoam container, where the lid doesn't latch. Cold by the time you get where you are going.The thin pizza took my heart, sauce was very tasty and not overly done.The meat on top was great, each flavor standing out from its neighbor.  The crust slightly crisp but still chewy.  Excellent.The Deep dish was also very good, a little too much sauce for me, but I know that is how Chicago style is.  All the sauce on top. The Victors special had an interesting flavor of cooked red peppers inside, which lent a sweetness to the mix, that was very nice.Definitely will return to Victors...hopefully for a dine in experience.  From the looks of Clark S's photos the spumoni cake is calling to me.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2011,8/11/2011,467,1371,4,7,7>Ah, the Plaza (pronounced plah-zah by out-of-towners or pla-za by locals).  No doubt it's quite lovely.  There's no escaping that ultimately, despite the architecture, it's a giant outdoor mall with roads running in and out.  But that too is an oversimplification of this place.I fly Delta a fair bit and I'm always AMAZED that people consider the Mall of America to be a tourist attraction.  I cannot, for the life of me, imagine going someplace to visit a MALL.  A mall is by definition a noplace.  A place that exists to exist and gives value in passing consumer fancies.The Plaza is able to transcend this failure of malls for three major reasons:1.  Lovely Spanish architecture.  The Plaza looks classy from a distance, up close, and from on high.  The lovely JC Nichols fountain and numerous fountains laid out throughout the area are well-placed and notable.2.  It's laid out in such a way that pedestrians aren't threatened by crazy drivers.  You can walk at night when all the stores are closed and have it to yourself.3.  It's a hub for events.  Whether it's Plaza Lights or the Plaza Art Fair or St. Patrick's Day, you can count on coming to the Plaza to run into old friends, meet new ones, make great memories, and enjoy yourself.And it's a fitting place to review for #400. :-)
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2011,8/10/2011,69,196,3,10,4>The drinks at Manifesto deserve five stars. They are excellent. I'm going to continue to go back just to get those wonderful cocktails. The combinations those bartenders come up with are just perfect. The atmosphere, once you get inside, is great, too. It's dark, and intimate, and exciting. There are no artificial lights. It's lit all by tea lights, making it difficult to read the menus - but really, that is not a big deal. The dark is easy to adjust to, and I wouldn't change it. What I would change is the dress code (or lack thereof). From the web site, I was expecting the place to be full of well-dressed people, so I dressed up more than I usually would. Imagine my disappointment when they first patrons I walked by were wearing baseball caps at the bar? If Manifesto is going to have that pretentious web site with posted rules, and that silly back entrance set-up, they should follow through by initiating a dress code. When I go back, I will leave my party dress at home. That being said, I really did love the place. I would caution that you should arrive in a group no larger than four. We had more, and it  was really too many. This place is designed to be intimate, and next time we'll respect the design.
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2011,8/9/2011,53,126,2,5,3>I was very excited when this new Chinese restaurant went in my neighborhood and I finally got to try them this week.  I am happy to say I will be back!  Here's the breakdown:  crab rangoon - $1 each, but good size and crab was visible in the cream cheese, tasty -but more than I usually like to pay and only come in a pack of 2.  Spring rolls - ground pork, a little greasy for me but my kids loved them and the dipping sauce was good, almost vinegary but an interesting flavor.  Hot and sour soup - not much heat which is fine with me, but others may find it rather tame, excellent flavor otherwise and lots of goodies!  General Tso's Chicken - my standard, it claims all white meat and that was very true and a nice surprise, lots of meat and not too much breading (which is my usual complaint of a tiny nugget of mystery meat surrounded by tons of fried bread) so I was very happy.  No broccoli just meat and sauce - but you can get just stir fried broccoli if you want separately.  Just enough heat for me and they also offer the choice of white or fried rice - since we were getting two entrees we got one of each and they were both excellent.  Finally was the mongolian flavor - we opted for beef, the meat was a nice quality - certainly better than most, not too chewy and the 'flavor' was excellent and reminded me of Mu Shu (which they also offer and i will probably get next time) lots of garlic and shallots.  It's take-out or delivery only.  We had it delivered, they quoted 25-30min and it arrived in 20min.  There is an extra $1.50 fee for delivery, but the food was hot and fresh when we got it so I was very happy.  It was $30 total but we had enough food left over for dinner again a few days later.  They also have a nice lunch special.  If you live in the area - I'd give them a try.  They are certainly the best I have found in my neighborhood and I will be using them as my go to Chinese take out from now on.
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2011,8/8/2011,46,405,1,7,3>EBT is an old standby for me when I am looking for a great business dinner spot. I've been coming here since the early 1990's and things have always been consistent: great wine, great food, great, professional service! EBT is in the UMB Bank building near 435/Stateline. The ambiance and service is decidedly old school, many of the staff have worked here for a decade or more. Many of the architectural details inside of the restaurant were rescued from the historic EBT department store that was originally built in the 1860's in downtown KC. Small parties can dine in the old elevator cages that have been converted to "private-ish" dining areas. The cuisine falls into the realm of Americana Steaks/Seafood. Definitely not a straight-line steakhouse, there are many creative choices that you would not find on the menu of an establishment like Plaza III. I ordered the seared Ahi Tuna served over Wasabi Noodles last time that I was there. The fish was fresh, the noodles were al-dente and the light sauce had a distinct wasabi kick. I am glad that EBT is around when I am looking for a change of pace. When I can't take anymore of 119th and Roe, I need a place to branch out and EBT is one of the places I can go to get a bit of distance from Leawood Yuppieville...
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2011,8/7/2011,47,283,3,4,4>Great breakfast, neat atmosphere, well priced.We tried the veggie biscuits and gravy, croissant sandwich, and rhubarb pie, as well as coffee. Everything was fantastic, and with portion sizes that filled you up, but didn't leave you feeling icky. The biscuits and gravy were a particularly welcome breakfast dish- so good! I liked the serve yourself coffee, because then I don't have to wait for or flag down a server. Likewise, ordering at the counter works well for people with kiddos who may not have the attention span to sit through an hour of brunch, making things go a bit quicker, or at your own pace.The decor and atmosphere were really fun- mismatched chairs and tables, old cases from what seemed to be the locations past life as a neighborhood grocer, and some of the shelving was used for groceries and local products- nice touch! The knit tomato hats worn by some of the staff were equally as whimsical.This place is so comfortable and has such a great easy-going vibe, perfect for folks who want to take it easy with a tasty breakfast!
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2011,8/6/2011,195,325,6,9,3>Who likes meat?  Marie Fantazma (stage name, don't bother stalking me... unless you just really want to), that's who!They gave the choice of how I wanted my meat... I went with more on the rare side... but the meat was more on the well done side.  Ah well.  I likey meat and I ate it.  Chicken drumsticks, bacon wrapped turkey, pork sausage AND turkey sausage, picanah, two kinds of pulled roast and cheesy meat.  Had to sample some of the hot and cold bar.  The beef stroganoff was not a usual taste but it was good just the same.  It was very tomato based.  Have to have some beans, rice and farafa. Mashed potato patty was super good. I overloaded the plate and had to pile some in take out container before I burst.  This what made it all so great.  They carver guy was so nice... he said he felt the sausage might have been too dry and he brought us two juicier ones on the house.  They had 3 different kinds of coffee, free of charge.  One was a sweet Brazilian coffee and it was quite good.  Passion Fruit mousse was an afterthought and it was delicious.  AND they gave me my last refill of tea in a 'to-go" cup!8.49/lbRefer to photos posted by Brian A. for reference.Plate 1 was 2.58lb = $21.90Plate 2 was 2.02lb = $17.11PS They were playing Jack Johnson and that's cool, but they could have sprinkled in a little "Girl from Ipanema".
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2011,8/5/2011,521,843,3,10,10>This explains it all: Mama Garden is owned by the same people who own Mama china. This is in the building that Fuddruckers used to reside, and I had my doubts as I watched it be remodeled. My son had eaten there a couple of times, and I heard good things through him.I walked in to a very calming, and serine atmosphere, about half full. It is very different from Fuddruckers. The designers must've turned the building upside down.The left is the tables, they are pretty. They have gold Chinese scenes on them. To the right is the buffet area. We were immediately seated, and our drink orders were given to the waitress. The buffet is to the right of the entrance.I question buffets cause East Asia Buffet on 40 high way and Sterling is gross, and therefore, that is the taste I  have when I hear "new Chinese buffet." Well, this one is clean, bright, the air is nice, and the waiters are nice.I was wrong. The buffet has those yummy dumplings like at Po's, except PO's is way far from my house, I mean, not a bit close. It has a hibachi grill in the back (like Mongolian Barbecue, almost with the same food, except tofu) The hibachi area includes shrimp, scallops, steak, chicken and all the veggies. The buffet itself it has the general Chinese food: crab ragoon which I don't' think are Chinese, but they are good; sweet and sour chicken, dumplings, spring rolls, egg rolls, sesame chicken, green beans, and General Tso's chicken,and ton's more. There's a sushi bar in the back. I don't fathom sushi, and it wont' ever be going in my mouth, so I can't say if it's good or bad. And there's a dessert bar, with cake, and cookies. Ice cream of about 8 flavors is available with toppings. The salad bar had fresh (yes fresh, cut) pineapple, and other fresh fruit, and canned pineapple. But the best thing there is the dumplings, and the fried bananas on a stick. Oh my gawd. I could easily be the vegetarian that is waiting to come out of me, by going to this place, instead of Sonic's. I forgot to ask if they have bubble tea. I didn't see any signs, but the fried bananas made up for it. For 2 of us with drinks, was $19.40, I think. You pay at the table. Good food.
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2011,8/4/2011,92,76,,10,4>The Blue Room is hands down one of my favorite hangout spots in Kansas City, though I don't frequent there as much as I used to in years past.The place itself is just cool. The atmosphere is laid back (but during a rousing solo you'll hear some hoots and hollers). Dimly lit, romantic, great seating arrangements, some fantastic musicians. A really fun place for a first date, a night out with friends, a romantic lover's evening, or even just a night alone to take in some quality jazz from local musicians on the scene.To name a few, Ida McBeth, the Jazz Disciples, Lisa Henry, Duck Warner... these are some of my favorite performers to check out here. But another reviewer was right -- the free Open Mic Mondays are the best way to get your feet wet here. You can see some really accomplished musicians as well as budding artists. I've seen a lot of really talented kids much younger than me, and I've secretly coveted their skills. Thursdays are generally free as well. The acoustics in this place are great, BTW.From what I understand, the drink prices are a little high. But I've been here a ton of times alone in the past as a broke college student and pretty much would order a water and give the waitresses a small tip. Nonetheless, I always felt treated kindly, even though they knew they weren't going to get big money from me. Great jazz in a relaxing, communal atmosphere... you can't go wrong.
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2011,8/3/2011,118,260,4,12,5>There are several undeniable truths about FüD:   * FüD is more like your friend's kitchen than it's like Applebee's   * If you're acutely aware of what's in your food, you'll have met your match with FüD   * FüD isn't going to be a 5 star restaurant for everyone   * FüD isn't always perfect   * There are some things I think FüD can improve   * Every non-vegan I've shared a meal with at FüD has walked away saying they'd be vegan if they ate like thatI know these things because I've been to FüD. a lot. Like, "had everything on the menu more than once" a lot. FüD's niche is local, organic and vegan food. There is essentially two menus at FüD. One for drinks and another for food. The food menu has options that include items ranging from a barbeque sandwich and a reuben sandwich to raw items like salads, a "Rainbow Taco" and an avocado sandwich. There's even kids choices like macaroni and cheese, nachos and a quesadilla. There should be options regardless of what you're in the mood for.Most protein seems to be provided by jack fruit, tofu, mushrooms or cashews. Before you ask, jack fruit is a very versatile fruit with very little taste when it's green but that gets sweeter as it ripens.  It's very high in protein and antioxidants and it's texture allows it to be prepared in dishes that would normally include meats.  FüD uses jack fruit in a lot of the menu items but most notably the reuben, barbeque sandwich and "Phish" items.The menu includes a number of items that are abstractly named (Dillanayz and Thrillanayz) and a few more that are more intuitive (TuneRahh, Grilled Cheeze, Eggy, and Phish). Most people shouldn't have any trouble diving into a dish without analyzing it too much. There are no ingredients you'd think twice about trying but I suspect some might appreciate more detail about what these items actually are. The drink menu is equally thoughtful with a huge selection of fresh juices and shakes. Again, everything is vegan but you won't be missing the milk.  Fresh and real trump fattening here.So try FüD. If you have questions, ask them. They're proud of what they've put together for you and I think they really like it when you ask. If you don't have a great experience, I'm pretty sure they'd be as sorry as you would be.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2011,8/2/2011,176,193,2,11,7>A-freaking-men.  A place that cuts mens hair well - at a very reasonable price... and isn't a national chain.Walk in, and the atmosphere is rockabilly funky -- right down to pin-up girls and the Vegas-style letter just hanging out in the stairwell.  The staff is quick to offer a drink (another big plus!), and are the ultimate in friendly.Jessica's my stylist, and even though I usually go for a basic buzz, she still treats me really well.  After my first visit, I got a hand-written (and addressed!) card, saying thanks for coming in.  I mean, really.  That's freaking awesome.The folks that run Chop Tops put a lot of love into the place.  And it shows.
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2011,8/1/2011,28,47,4,5,4>I'm giving WFM four stars as I'm feeling friendly and generous today and it does have some perks: -hours (it's Wed. 3-7) I don't have to get up at the butt crack of dawn to get the best items. -location -right off the trolley trail in a green space with lots of parking and shade. -crowd- it wasn't too crowded. I have to remind myself that this is a smaller market, it is not the city market nor will it be. I personally like the feel of a large farmer's market and you don't get that here. You do get 3-5 farmers selling food; farm to market bread (a lot of bread selections were available); 3-4 vendors selling other items like soap etc. It is what it is.
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2010,7/31/2011,530,119,6,8,7>"I'm just going to have Dim Sum..."Then the waitress lit up, like I'd mentioned a mutual acquaintance from way back. "How big are the Shu Mai?  Is this one fried or boiled? How many on this plate?"And with that, I'd ordered four dishes of Dim Sum, the likes of which I hadn't seen nor tasted since leaving Seattle.  It didn't come on a cart (watch it, dirty-bird), but the end results were the same: Delicious Chewmories.  And let it be noted: these are NOT just potstickers: this was the whole array of Dim Sum I'm used to getting in places like Seattle and New York...and right in my neighborhood, no less!!But I've gotten ahead of myself....The Dame and I were all dressed up with someplace to go, looking like we'd walked out of Mad Men itself (or perhaps in this case, "2046"...), picking the joint on a whim on the way to a night out."They've got the Dim Sum here", I said to her, starting to feel the heat of the sun blazing down the hip and hoppin' 39th St corridor.  She looked in the window, "Let's do it"; and we were inside.It's a cool spot, although for my taste, coulda been kitsched up a bit.  The smells were already causing my mouth to water, and I anticipated good things from the aroma, alone.Sitting down, the prices on the menu looked good (Cheap, like me), and the descriptions were short and to the point (also, like me).  When the waitress came over and we started our exchange about the dumplings, I almost bowled her over with my enthusiasm.  What can I say, I needed them, and how.And how could I not?  SO flavorful were these little nuggets of heaven; I just went from one steaming tin to the next, figuring out the best combination to savor them in, splashing and soaking them in the soy-sauce-and-chili-oil slatherpaste that I mixed up in anticipation of their pillowy goodness.Knowing this place is local, and that the stuff is SO FRESH and flavorful is just one more reason I am so happy to be living in the neighborhood.  Being able to saunter in channeling Tony Leung at my whim is something that I look forward to doing again and again, as their authentic Dim Sum has me "In the Mood for Love".
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2011,7/29/2011,7,52,3,8,3>Fit Gym recently opened up in the Northland Liberty area where the old Curves location used to be. It is a Women's only gym that offers a great variety of fitness classes from Zumba to Les Mills' Bodypump to Yoga to Spin. There are also treadmills, stationary bikes (great quality), elliptical machines available as well as weight machines. You can really get your sweat on in a super comfortable environment!  I've taken two classes there so far and I love it!   My class instructor has been so motivating and a great role model who obviously walks the talk. And the beautiful owner, Ms. Ann Supple...how could you ask for a nicer, down to earth, funnier and/or cooler lady?  Really, ladies...there is no reason to make excuses any more about why not to exercise. Don't want to see hotties in spandex? No problem, I've never spotted spandex worn inappropriately here! Don't like men grunting on the weight achines?....Guess what? No men!  Can't fit in exercise? WAIT..FiT gym is open from 5am to 11pm. You would rather be trained one on one? Well, guess what! There are fantastic trainers that work out of the FiT gym..my personal favorite being Mandy Froehlich. In all seriousness, FiT gym has opened up a new world to me...one in which I have access to all sorts of exercise classes, along with the camaraderie of like-minded ladies. Way to go FiT gym...here's hoping to many many years of success in helping the fairer sex get in to shape!
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2011,7/28/2011,143,29,10,8,12>I won't fill you in on the back-story of Julian, as many of my Yelp colleagues have, with satisfactory result, explained the history of chef Celina Tio and where she now stands inside the realm of reality television. I'm very happy she has the opportunity to elevate her business profile, but her recent fame has very little to do with the quality of my dining experience. I'll try not to mention it again. In the interests of maintaining a level of continuity among my reviews, I'll instead attempt to convey the details of a personal dining experience that more highlights the human elements of this charming Brookside establishment. This place has become the go-to "date" restaurant for Rachel and myself, as we are fans of the intimate seating, elegant place settings, sassy and informative servers, and of course, the quality of the fare offered. I'd been holding off on writing a review until tonight as I felt I wasn't getting the whole story. I try not to put words on a page until I'm ready. The scene is set. It's Easter Sunday. Jesus has hidden all of the candy from the children of Kansas City and reclaimed it for his own binging and purging purposes. It's around 7:30PM and I've just finished a particularly frustrating shift serving on the Plaza. I was reluctant to remain in public for a single second, but Rachel mentioned Julian and, well, it doesn't take a lot to swing my vote when food is offered.Upon our arrival, the place looked dimly lit from the inside. We couldn't really tell if they were still open or not, but that mystery was solved pretty quickly by an obvious Tuesday Morning shopper who opened the door and walked in as we approached. As we stepped inside we noticed no servers bustling about. No diners clanking forks or raising glasses. They were dead. It all makes sense. Most people go out to lunch on Easter, then hang around the house during the afternoon and evening, decompressing and binge-drinking about all the lies they've told their families for the purpose of avoiding a scene at Stroud's. Anyway, an empty restaurant is fine by me. In the absence of servers, one of the chefs was explaining to ole Brookside Betty the Sunday offerings. As it turns out, each Sunday is reserved for a three or four course family meal. Rachel and I were agreeable to this. Betty was not. She was to be joined by the drunken, bird-mouthed, Emily Post, who is well known throughout the Midwest for her appreciation of Red Label scotch and toasted-cheese sandwiches. The three of us listened to this woman argue with the chef about the course content for a good five minutes. All involved could tell it was going to be a bit of a bumpy ride, just how bumpy would only reveal itself over the course of the next twenty minutes. I ran out to the car to get a button-up shirt, as my t-shirt wasn't cutting it for warmth. I didn't see the old woman arrive, as I was rummaging around for clothes, but noticed upon sitting at our table next to the ladies that she was sitting on her own pillow and wearing fuzzy, purple, slippers. Two servers had also been rousted by this time. They poured our waters and worked out the course details with kind and precise fine-tuning while the old woman and her minion complained and made parrot-like, offended gurgles a mere four feet from us. After ordering two scotch-whiskeys, a soup, and a salad, complaining about everything and attempting to eat nothing, they parroted off some more unwarranted and offensive garbles about the place, then settled the bill and flapped out the door. Immediately the tension in the room was lifted and everyone had a good chuckle. I am a particular eater, and fish courses don't agree with me much. The chef was agreeable to modifying the single fish-course for me. I felt guilty, but they were more than willing. I told them anything would be fine and just kinda let them do their thing. As it turns out Rachel and I were both only a few degrees separated from the servers regarding social circles. We immediately established a casual and friendly rapport with them and they guided us through the meal with jokes and stories. This is when a restaurant shows it's true colors. We were the only diners in the place. The salad course was pleasant. It featured all local produce and excited the palate wonderfully. When the time for entree course arrived, not one, but both of the chefs delivered our plates table-side and explained the work they'd put into creating them. As a result of me being a non-fishy, the chef de cuisine created me a pork, lemon, and red-pepper sausage in approximately fifteen minutes. It's a rare occasion that a food will motivate me to actual euphoria, but following a single taste of this creative and heart-felt entree I giggled out loud. We enjoyed our way through the entrees and the dessert course with glee and settled up with a smile. Just as I suspected, right? I hadn't known the whole story. Julian is my favorite Kansas City restaurant.
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2011,7/27/2011,101,16,4,5,4>Longboards is most definitely one of my favorite places on earth to obtain food, bar none. No matter what I've gotten, it's all been great. Highlights include the Hawaiian Sliders, which come on manna from heaven (King Hawaiian Rolls),  have delicious pulled pork and chicken, and come with either chipotle ranch sauce or peanut sauce. If you're a man (or woman) of discerning pallet, you get both on the side. The Cabo Beef is the old stand by, but the specials are really what makes me keep coming back. A few days ago, I had (again) the 3 cheese mac wrap, which includes chicken, turkey, hard boiled egg, spicy sausage, and the best mac and cheese known to man, wrapped up in two (seriously 2) tortillas and pressed on a panini press until awesome. This wrap is a lumbering brute of  a meal, so order with caution. Or be sensible and save the other half for dinner. One of the most absurd (and awesome, honestly, as I'm a bit of a masochist) wraps I've had there was the XXX. It had chili, jalepenos, chipotle ranch sauce, chicken (I think) and the dubious 5 alarm sauce. I ordered this thing to go, and started munching on it in my car. I proceeded down North Oak, South towards downtown. About two miles down the road I had to pull into QuickTrip. My eyes were watering to no end as I kept forcing this delicious wrap into my mouth. I turned off my car, eyes still pouring, and stumble into QT. I make my way to the milk, buy two of the individual milk bottles, pay, and assure the guy at the counter that I'm fine. I go back out to my car, drink a bottle of milk, and continue to eat the XXX. It was so freaking delicious that I couldn't help but continue eating this thermo nuclear wrap. Maybe I like my pleasure with a bit of pain, but I would most definitely order it again when it comes back up on rotation. Speaking of which, I can't wait to try the "Bitch Slap" special, consisting of a Kamikaze dog smothered in 5 alarm sauce. It's two hot dogs, pulled pork, various other toppings, etc. If it is finished in under 30 minutes with only a small water, you get a free shirt.My only minute complaint is that lunch can get crazy in there. The Cerner crowd knows all too well about how delicious this place is, and will make the line to and sometimes out of the door if you go between 11 and 1.
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2011,7/26/2011,43,55,,6,4>Blue Grotto has quickly become one of my favorite places to dine with its great atmosphere, cool architecture (I love sitting upstairs and watching the chefs prepare the food in the kitchen below) and excellent food. I always start with the bruschetta sampler (chef's choice). One of my recent favorites was topped with goat cheese and artichoke hearts and was AMAZING. Everything tastes extremely fresh. While I'm sure everything cooked in the wood-fire oven is fantastic, I have yet to venture outside of the pizza. The prosciutto pizza is my favorite: a mix of sweet figs, savory prosciutto and tangy goat cheese (clearly I am having a love affair with goat cheese). A recent dining companion went for the meaty salsiccia - sausage, tomato, peperonata, oregano and mozzarella and barely came up for air while devouring it. During one visit, a friend ordered the margherita and loved it (hard to go wrong with a classic). The portions are generous, so there's more than enough to take home and enjoy for lunch (or breakfast, let's be honest) the next day. Just wash down the pizza with a glass of Murphy-Good Cabernet (one of my faves) and you will be in food coma bliss. Blue Grotto is my happy place.
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,7/25/2011,74,1211,5,8,6>Well helloooooooo smoke!At the advice of a fellow Yelper I went to this place for a business lunch and came away smelling like a campfire and belching smoke like an old locomotive.   : )The non-advertised, spartan, next-to-a-gas-station, KCK-but-should-be-Edwardsville location was right up my alley. Give me some meat, s'il vous plait. The trinity, for me... burnt ends, brisket, and my beloved pork ribs. BTW, this is artisanal, limited production Q. Don't go here set on one thing. They may be out of it. That is a good thing in my book.  The trinity came and worship began without delay. I ate like a factory machine. Like a farm plow. The ends were the best I have had so far in KC. Fresh carved. Lean in most cases. Actually burnt. Seasoned. Smoky. And tender. Damn... they are better than mine!!!Then the brisket. Again the best taste so far for me in KC. Tender. Smoky. And completely absent of fat. All meat baby! And both beef products retained the essence of the meat. Beautiful.The ribs might be better than Smokin' Guns, my favorite... until today. As a last rights meal choice, I am stickin' to the St Louis cut masterpiece called ribs that are served up here. Firm. Yet yielding and tender. Not too fatty. Smoky. Seasoned just right. Sides of cheesy corn and beans were good, but casual observers to my meat eating prowess. The beans will please those who like smoke and molasses.Sauce is a good balance of sweet and sour... but the translucent nature of it said sugar sugar sugar in my mouth. I like spicy sauce if I even use any. You don't need sauce here. Trust me. Brownie points for paper towels, and soda choices that include Diet Dr Pepper [I am utterly addicted].
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,7/24/2011,76,154,9,2,3>Everyone seems to have their opinions about MCI So all I have to day is there is no place like home, and I love our airport, it's nice and quiet (unless your in the southwest terminal) Easy to figure out.....so hey MEN!!!! Make sure you pay attention to which bathroom your going into!! I didn't care for the dude peeing in the stall next to me....the girls bathroom has a  picture of a figure with a skirt on. Oy!!
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2011,7/23/2011,126,262,,11,4>I have to give them 5 stars. This place will appeal to most ladies, they carry a variety of shoes, clothes, purses and accessories, new, used, and vintage. The owner is certainly nicer than the folks at Ditto or Lulu's as another Yelper mentioned. I went in looking for a semi-formal dress, which is hard-to-find, I didn't get one there, but purchased a vintage pin and the owner showed me some cool locally jewelry and art, then asked me if I had any clothes to sell her since she really needs my size! Anyway, I've already sent a few people over, hopefully I will be able to swap out some fall clothes there. She sells everything from mall brands to stuff like Burberry and Louis Vuitton, so this place has a wide variety.
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,7/22/2011,67,229,2,5,3>This place is like the holy grail for food delivery downtown. There are not that many places to choose from (c'mon KC, let's do something about that!) and since this place took over the old Cupini's location I have been a regular customer. Let's start with the basics. GREAT food. I have ordered everything on the menu at least once (ok, in the spirit of full disclosure, I'm waiting for the final item I haven't tried to be delivered for dinner). They make the best hummus I've ever had. The stuffed grape leaves are fabulous. Falafel, gyro and shawarma, all fantastic. The pita is extremely addictive! The soups and salads are all delicious with the freshest and crispest veggies. A huge surprise to me was the mixed vegetables (available on a pita as a sandwich or as a side). Most "veggie" options at restaurants are kind of lame, but these veggies were cooked perfectly and caramelized nicely to add a ton of flavor. There is only one item on the entire menu I didn't care for and that was the tabbouleh. It's *extremely* sour from the lemon and a little too heavy on the parsley. I am partial to the kind of tabbouleh they serve at Minsky's (go figure). If Zaina copied that type of tabbouleh I'd be in heaven. But, it's a very minor quibble. The food at this place ROCKS. Now, let's get to the customer service and delivery time. OUTSTANDING! Kathleen, the person who usually answers the phones and takes the orders, could not be nicer and is just really sharp and organized while taking your order. You know you're going to get what you ordered at this place. They've only left out one thing and it happened a single time. They immediately returned to the restaurant and brought my item to me. Awesome. Contrast this with other places where your order gets messed up in some way more often than not. Their quick delivery times make me really happy and it's just a really pleasant and easy experience ordering delivery from them and the product they are putting out is fresh, delicious and a great value. Many restaurants could learn a thing or two about how to please their customers and keep them coming back for more. Congrats Zaina!
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2011,7/21/2011,36,58,,6,5>I've been wanting to try this new spot for a while, since I was so in love with Reverse and wanted to see what it's replacement was like!  I knew they didn't do reservations and that the wait the past few weeks had been horrendous, so I arranged our Girls Night Out to meet there at 8 to catch a late dinner (and hopefully avoid some of the crowd!).  Unfortunately, there were a couple of tables quite camped out (apparently one group had lingered for 3 hours...I mean Hello!, if there are legions of people waiting and standing 3 feet from you, get up and get a drink at the bar!) so we still had to wait an hour for a table.  No matter, the 10 of us (hard to seat I know) grabbed glasses of wine from the efficient bartenders and waited patiently.  The wine was priced pretty similarly to other Plaza spots ($7 was the cheapest glass), but they were generously poured.  Due to the "campers" lengthening out wait time, the management brought out a whole pie of their Margherita pizza for us to sample to quiet our rumbling tummies!  I thought that was a pretty cool thing for them to do.  When we finally got seated around 9 pm, we ordered quickly and our food came out fast, hot and delicious!  The management/owners still felt bad for our long wait and rewarded our patience by opening up a bottle of champagne for us on the house!  The fact we had waited more than a minute was forgotten, thanks to their hospitality and generosity.  It was a great way to start out a fun night with the ladies, and I am sure we will all be back!
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2011,7/20/2011,255,475,3,7,3>On a random weekday morning a fellow veggie co-worker and I were super starving. It was only 10am. She suggested her favorite: Aladdin Cafe. We called ahead and placed our order, being told our food would be ready to go at 11:05. Being oh-so-very excited, we arrived at 11,  just as they literally unlocked the doors. The waitress was super accommodating and cleaned us a table in the meantime. At that point we were so smitten with the place we just decided to stay to dine. We both ordered the vegetarian sampler, which was chock full of goodies: Hummus, falafel patties, baba ghanouj, stuffed grape leaves, genie dip, krass pastry, feta cheese and calamata olives with a salad or lentil soup and all the fresh pita you can eat. Let me put it this way: I thought I would have enough to take home and eliminate the need to make dinner that night. Instead, I ate the whole dang plate up. I grew up under the culinary guidance of a Greek grandmother, so I have had a lot of Mediterranean food in my life. This meal was very solid. The best part: the FETA cheese. HOLY GOODNESS IN A CHEESE CLOTH this was the best feta I have ever had in my whole life. EVER. Next time I think I will just order a plate of feta and some pita to justify its raw consumption. 4 starts only because my lunch did cost me $13. That's a chunk of change. The interior of the location is very hole-in-the-wall-ish, which is endearing for some, but seemed a bit dirty to me in this case (did I mention that the owner lives upstairs?). Aladdin's also does catering. I may just order bulk feta from them from now on, come to think of it.
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2011,7/19/2011,20,44,3,5,5>My favorite eat in pizza place in Overland Park.  I suggest it to everybody who works near where I do (near Corporate Woods).  The pizzas are all good, very New York in style and delivery, with big slices and chewy delicious crust.  I take my new staff here for lunches and they're always impressed.I honestly haven't tried much.  I know they make pasta and gyros, but I've always gotten pizza. I eat here about once a month (less so since being on a diet).I also run into my uncle here from time to time (he also works nearby) and we get to share lunch together.My favorite part about this place though is the Little Italy vibe from the crew and managers.  They'll sing, sometimes in Italian, shout across the counter at their loyal fans/customers, tell jokes, and welcome you in the door like they missed you.  That's a big deal to me.Today I saw who I've always figured is the owner outside playing with his grandkid, talking to him in Italian like only Italian grandpas can do, and it warmed the heart.They have a lunch special that's a salad, slice of pizza, and a drink for about $6.  That's hard to beat.
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,7/18/2011,73,75,,8,5>I'm not the normal girl when it comes to clothes shopping. I know what I need, I get in and get out. I also don't like to spend a lot of money, so when I came across this little gem of a store in Westport I was as happy as my mom in Goodwill.Every time I go there I find something that fits me, is in style, and will not break the bank. I really can't say nicer things about this place. Thanks to them, I will never have to go into Arizona Trading Company again.
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2011,7/17/2011,30,269,,6,4>Hubby & I were near the Plaza the other day and hungry but didn't want to park in a lot and walk several blocks to eat, so decided to give Spin Pizza just off the Plaza a try. I'm glad we did. First off when you walk in the door you get the vibe of the place as a little edgy but they don't take themselves too seriously. I loved the industrial, not quite "finished" look with soaring ceiling, light fixtures draped over exposed beams and the raw wood - random cuts of 2 by 4s over the kitchen and counter area. The menu is pretty straight forward since they have mostly pizza (red and white sauce versions) with some creative combinations. There are also salads, soup and some sandwiches but since we were there for the pizza I didn't pay much attention to the sandwich selections. When we try a pizza place for the first time, we go with pepperoni and cheese and red sauce. It's Hubby's favorite pie and if we are only getting one pizza.... I decided to pair my slices with a Spinach Salad. WOW! What a great idea that turned out to be. Fresh baby spinach and a flavorful blend of glazed pecans, goat cheese, mushrooms, Italian bacon, caramelized onions and the sweetest roasted grape tomatoes made this a salad I definitely would order again. It's a good enough reason to go back to Spin Pizza even if I only got the salad! We enjoyed our pepperoni pizza too. The 12 inch pie was cut into six generous wedges. The outside ring of crust was puffy and had a nice chewy texture. The part of the crust covered with ingredients was very, very thin. It wasn't cracker crust because it was soft, not crunchy, but it was that thin. Hubby said when he first saw it, he thought we would still be hungry even if we finished it all, but it turned out to be more substantial than it looked and made the grade in taste and satisfaction. Our service was friendly and straight forward. These people have found a good and easy to understand way to take care of business. There are many more daring combos of pizza to be explored another time but Spin Pizza is going to be our place of choice when we find ourselves on that stretch of Main Street.
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2011,7/16/2011,28,132,2,7,4>Food was amazing.  After reading other reviews, I knew what to order.  We started with fried mushroom appetizer which was awesome.  The breading was so crispy and not greasy or soggy.  I got the Weiner Schnitzel, which I've wanted to order since I was a young girl watching The Sound of Music.  It was really good, and there was a lot.  It came with a trio of salads which I really liked.  Husband got the special after he heard the server describe it, even though he had been planning to get something else.  He got the Sauerbraten, and it was the star of the dinner.  It was SO flavorful and delicious.  The Weiner Schnitzel had been a more subtle deliciousness, but this was very in your face and awesome.  Lastly we got dessert, and we got the Apple Strudel which was also ridiculously good.The server we had was great.  She was able to suggest a good beer for my husband, and was very knowledgeable.  He asked for her opinion picking between Schweinebraten and the Sauerbraten after she described it.  She described each dish and explained that if he liked the more tangy flavors, the daily special would be good for him.  After reading reviews about the poor service, I was pleasantly surprised how great she was.Food was awesome.  Husband would say drink was awesome.  Service was awesome.  Ambience was great too (maybe a little chilly for me, but I'm always cold plus the big mirrors make the place look so open).I can't wait to go back.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2011,7/14/2011,113,57,5,5,6>The reincarnation of Blayneys demise has spawned a truly distinctive progeny ascending from the depths of the midtown motherland known as Westport.  From a structural lens, the blues bar formerly known as Blayneys hasn't changed too drastically.  However, with a closer look you find a transformed environment percolating with drunken infection; seething with endless opportunity to make a glorious mess of everything in your life.  To me, the staff here is comprised of some of the town's finest tenders of the bar which will likely enhance your experience while stumbling through the shadowy underground of this establishment now known as the Union. Also, decision making can be drastically altered here creating room for personal error and potentially gratifying experiences.  Depending on your timing, you might hear the magical reverberation of musical distinction bouncing off walls, suspending everything your eardrum has been familiar with and sending your alcohol soaked mind spiraling into pure oblivion. Some very good local acts have been known to play here and then work behind the bar, which to me can only mean one thing: intimate romance. To simplify this, it has gone from cigars and Guinness to heavy drugs and whiskey.  Arcade games can be found at the entrance of the patio spot for all the drunk nerds.Pants are optional here but mediocrity is not. Note A: This appears to be one of the better additions to night life venues in this somewhat wearisome district as of late.  Note B: With respect to Blayney's please see older review. It was a classy establishment ran by great staff and ownership. RIP Blayney, you were cool too but in a different way.
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2010,7/13/2011,184,189,,6,3>OOOhhhhh yeah this place is right in my comfort zone, very friendly staff, beautiful decor, and the food does not disappoint at all. Went in for the 3 course Thanksgiving lunch and went with the squash soup, traditional turkey offering, and homemade cinnamon/sugar covered beignets.The soup was like velvet and topped with a very nice drizzle of high quality olive oil. The texture was perfect and it came out hot but not scalding. 5 out of 5 here. John the owner came over and thanked us for coming in and wished us a nice holiday, very nice of him to do on such a busy day. The main dish came out and let me tell you it was spot on. The gravy was perfect and the mashed potatoes took me back to childhood with a little bit of refinement. The turkey was tender and full of flavor. The stuffing was perfect, the only complaint was the green beans were a little underdone for my taste but seasoned perfectly. The beignets were light and perfectly cooked a great way to end the meal. I would have loved coffee but by the time desert was arrived I was just too full. High marks for a Plaza classic, wonderful staff and gracious host. Couldn't ask for anything more on Thanksgiving, best part no cleanup! WIN!
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/28/2011,7/12/2011,23,76,4,5,4>Oh my heart wants to give this place five stars so badly.Here's the deal...you know those places that (unsuccessfully) attempt to revive the "Rat  Pack Chic" ambiance?  Well, this place isn't trying, but upon walking in the door for the first time, I immediately wanted to smoke a cigarette and refer to women as "dames".  The food was good, but not anything to send a telegram home about.  The server strongly recommended the fried risotto balls.  Now these words have a lot of potential on the tasty scale in my mind, but they were just okay.  Salad, steak and sides were okay, but I was willing to give it another shot.We went back for Sunday brunch after my husband had raved about the potatoes.  I could see that they also had potential, but on this day, were devastatingly over-cooked.  I almost chipped a tooth.  In the light of day, things like vinyl tablecloths with frayed edges and an apathetic server left me with something to be desired.I will go back because I want to love this place.  If for nothing else, the splashy jazz and champagne cocktails in the basement.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2011,7/11/2011,101,281,,3,4>I had a date on Easter Sunday.  Do you know how hard it is to find an open restaurant on this particular day?  It's worse than I had imagined.  The restaurant we had chosen to go to was closed, so we ended up in Westport at McCoy's.  I'm glad we did.McCoy's has more vegetarian options than many of the restaurants in the area.  I was very impressed.  I ended up getting some sort of Moroccan stir fry.  It was delicious and enough for two meals.  It was chock full of fresh vegetables and served with pita bread.  I'm actually excited to come back here again to try out some of the other veggie entrees.  Service was good too.
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2011,7/10/2011,57,252,,5,5>This is my absolute favorite restaurant in KC. I have not been to every place I'd like to go because Pierpont's calls my name. If you have ever had the bisque you know what I am talking about.My husband treated me on my birthday to dinner here with our older kids (11 and 9). We had the best time! I made myself try some new things and experienced a huge pay off. I ordered the Campo Lindo Chicken which comes with a mushroom ragu, perfectly cooked brussel sprouts, and gnocchi. If you think you don't like brussel sprouts, just wait till you try these. They are gorgeous. I added the ap, soup, and dessert to my chicken which created a 4 course tasting for me at the same price. Score! My appetizer was mussels. Everyone at the table ooo'd and aaaah'd when they were brought to the table. The smell alone will knock your socks off. They are perfectly steamed in a rich tomato broth much like a bruschetta topping. You get garlic toast points with it and the combination of all the flavors is insane. I got a little messy eating it and wished I had extra napkins but it was worth it. Even the kids thought it was great. My soup was, of course, the blue crab sweet corn bisque. I gave my daughter a few bites and my husband shared with our son. It must be in the DNA of humans to close their eyes when tasting a spoonful of this bisque. It's called "savoring the moment". lol My husband ordered the Lobster Thermidor and was bowled over by the complex, grilled taste. At one point he said,"Look away, I'm going to lick the shell." He didn't actually (thank you God!) ,but he wanted to. Dessert was divine. I got Creme Brulee with fresh berries. The blackberries were so fresh and sweet I couldn't believe it. Last but not least, I ordered a drink. My grandmother has talked about having a Singapore Sling in her day and Pierpont's has it on the menu. Gin, Cherry Brandy, Sprite, and one or two other things I can't recall make up the ingredients. It's delicious and dangerous. You don't really feel like you are drinking alcohol at all. It was only $7 too. What's not to love? Nothing.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2010,7/9/2011,50,183,8,4,4>What a weird and strangely charming little place this is. The interior is all  cheapo wood paneling, which gives the dining room a homey and relaxing vibe reminiscent of hanging out in someone's basement in 1976. The apparently newly (and nicely) renovated bathroom is totally incongruous with the rest of the space, and I really hope they don't touch the dining room. It's perfect. It is, in fact, exactly what I was hoping it would be.The same can be said of the food. I didn't really know what to expect before coming here, except unique tacos with ridiculously processed cheese. That's exactly what I got, and it tasted horribly, decadently awful / awesome. Sort of like biting into crunchy textured grease flavored with beef fat and topped with popcorn cheese. It's pretty awesome, although those tacos sit awfully heavy in the gut later.Because I like to try a variety of things, I also got a nacho pocket burger, which was exactly what I hoped it would be: a loosemeat burger with nacho cheese that would have been very appropriate in a crock pot at somebody's New Years party. Velveeta and Rotel? Oh hell yes. Unfortunately, I can't possibly see tamales on a menu without trying them. Don't bother. They're the weird sausage-shaped extruded kind and they're not very good. Flavor is alright, texture is way off, sort of like a slightly spicy cream of wheat phallus.In a perfect world In-A-Tub would probably rate about 3.5 stars, but I'll kick 'em an extra half star for being so darn weird.
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2010,7/8/2011,89,150,5,2,4>Dear Beer Kitchen,Thank you for making my Saturday Night. I sampled a little bit of everyones plate and rest be assured your making it on my "Best of Kansas City List". We had a vegan with us, and even she was pleasantly pleased, she had the veggie meatloaf and loved it.  The best part of the night was *** HELLO MAC AND CHEESE***, and how are you ***PARMESAN FRIES WITH TRUFFLE OIL***. I even ate brussel sprouts and loved them (everything is better with bacon). In conclusion, I have mixed feelings about you, I think I'm falling in-love but don't want this to turn into an obsession like I had with Blanc Burgers, let's try to keep this thing we have going on, a  healthy relationship, let us only see each other once or twice a month. And let me not find out your using a "synthetic product that combines a thioether (2,4-dithiapentane), one of numerous organic aromatics odorants found in real truffles, with an olive oil base" (wiki), because that would be considered cheating, and our relationship might become estranged. Love,Your New Admirer.
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/26/2010,7/6/2011,28,76,1,8,4>Adorable place in Pville. Small, intimate, definitely screams Italian ! I scarfed down a plate of Tortellini Franguso. Cheese Torts with a tomato cream sauce with mushrooms and sun-dried tomatoes. Pretty good.....just didn't hit the spot.....wanted to try something new...but... wish I had gone with my initial choice of Fettuccine Alfredo. My meal came with a wonderfully fresh salad and bread. Waitstaff were friendly and moseyed by often. Goin' back for the Alfredo !
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2011,7/5/2011,366,998,2,12,5>This Donut King is finally open as of today (4/25/11)!  I'm sure it opened up earlier but I didn't see it.  My coworkers and I spotted this when it was still being built.  We were all pretty excited and now that it's opened, we probably be stopping by every so often.  I came in after our lunch and ordered the cookies and cream donut (which was actually an Oreo donut) for $0.93 total.  It was delicious and a good treat to eat for my lunch dessert.  I'm going to come back to try all of their donuts! lolOpen 7 days a week5am-11pmDonut King also has a drive-through window for your convenience.Selection and Pricing as of April 21, 2011All donuts are $ .86 each or $8.60/Dozen plus taxCake DonutsBlueberryOrangeCherryChocolate and Vanilla iced sprinklesVanillaCoconutGlazed and Chocolate Old FashionedPeanut ButterDouble ChocolateTriple Chocolate CrunchOreoGlazed Devil's FoodChocolateChocolate PeanutCaramelGlazedPowdered SugarCinnamon and SugarPlainYeast Raised DonutsGlazedChocolate Iced RaisedSugarChocolate Long JohnsCaramel Long JohnsTwistCinnamon Sugar Twist(We will gladly fill the long johns for an additional $ .35)BismarksChocolate Iced Bavarian FilledChocolate Iced Whip Cream FilledGlazed Bismark with Strawberry FillingGlazed Bismark with Blueberry FillingGlazed Bismark with Raspberry FillingGlazed Bismark with Lemon FillingPowdered Sugar Bismark filled with any of the above fillingsFrench CruellersGlazedChocolateCherryCinnamon Rolls Glazed $1.69Vanilla $1.69Chocolate $1.69Caramel Pecan $1.99Apple Fritters $1.99Brownies $1.25Brownies w/walnuts $1.75Chocolate Chip Cookie Bars $1.25
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2011,7/4/2011,202,441,5,6,4>We arrived at Harry's about 5 minutes before Happy Hour ended. I know my coffee, but don't know anything about wine, so I simply told the waiter to bring me a white wine with fruity flavor. My drink was tasty and strong, a stronger wine than I'm used to. I don't know if that's good or bad when it comes to wine...? The service was friendly and prompt. Having already had a drink at Hamburger Mary's and now drinking this strong wine, I found navigating the narrow stairs to the restroom, in my sandals, to be difficult in my slightly tipsy state. I can't imagaine the trouble that drunk girls in heels may have on those stairs. Harry's is a great bar to relax and enjoy a glass of wine with good company, granted that you stay away from those stairs.
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2010,7/3/2011,553,763,2,8,8>Bored and sick of all the other bars in town, we made a stop here.  It almost looks closed from the outside, but once inside it was buzzing.  I was stunned by the cleanliness.  There was even fresh flowers on the bar!  Wha?We grabbed a high top and ordered up a vodka tonic and a lite beer.  Service is quick and friendly.  Crowd is super mixed.  On any given night you might run into anyone from anywhere.  Another night I drove buy and there were about 10 motorcycles parked out front.I like that this bar has a low profile.  It really doesn't have a theme, it is just a great midtown location to have a fun and easy drink!
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2011,7/2/2011,15,74,3,3,3>What a story...brum, bum-pt, I'll be here all night folks... My wife and I stopped in here on a Monday night and found this place to be a great addition to the KC restaurant scene.  We started off with cocktails (of course), Manhattan using rhubarb in lieu of traditional bitters and the Light & Stormy.  The Light & Stormy is dangerously good on a hot summers night and the clear winner of the two.  Anyway, from there we went to the Smoked Duck Empanadas which were delicious.  Braised short ribs (they were out of cheeks - forgivable it was a Monday) and the roasted strip steak with short rib croquetts (think short rib poppers) finished off our main meals.  Both were great but the strip steak and short rib poppers stole the show. We finished with a trip down the dessert isle ordering the doughnuts and the German chocolate cake (Caloric suicide, yes.  Loser in the deal, no).  German chocolate is the way to go. It's a new twist on the one Mom used to make. The wine list was surprisingly extensive with great price points.  A great server and a visit by Susan the co-owner topped off a superb evening.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2011,6/30/2011,41,66,,5,10>I'm not trying to brag, but I had a truly unique, Glacé experience today.  They held a contest over the last month to create a new flavor.  I was delighted when I found out that my flavor was in the top 3, and simply amazed when it was chosen as the winner!  Part of the prize was getting to make my flavor (Roasted Beet with Goat Cheese) with Christopher Elbow.  Well, that is how I spent part of my morning!I'm moving my review up to five stars for a couple of reasons.  One, I have been frequenting Glacé more often, and simply fall for it more and more each time.  Two, the decor that seemed so cold, and slightly off-putting to me before has been growing on me.  Perhaps it is the warmer weather we are seeing, or maybe I'm just in a different mental space than before.  And three, my experience today!  It was so much fun to see behind the scenes.  Everyone was so relaxed, nice, generous, funny, and I simply had a great time chatting, and making some ice cream!  Thank you again for such a nice time.  I will be back often - even if I have to wait in line for a while.  It is so worth it.
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,6/29/2011,339,655,5,7,3>Farmhouse,YOU HAVE BEEN REDEEMED!I shared the hanger steak and the chicken club along with the trio of blueberry and lemon sorbets.The hanger steak was just amazing! Very lean with some interesting spices, topping, oil, and marinated. Melted in my mouth. The fries were really good with or without ketchup. I think they finally got a good ketchup recipe and I enjoyed it.The chicken club was mouth drooling good. The chicken was big pieces of chicken breast with yummy aioli on some scrumptious bread.Piece of resistance? The sorbet trio! Glace, roll over. The bluberry and lemon sorbets were just so amazing. So sweet with lots of pieces of fruit in them.Debra, our server is always a pleasure. We enjoyed sitting on the patio watching the dogs go by and the weather.Cons:Lunches take TOO LONG! You should be able to feed your customers and get them out in under an hour. Got the 2 orders wrong. I have ordered red meat here twice and each time I have ordered medium and it comes out well done. Each time, I don't have time to wait while they redo the order so I eat as is. Very disappointing. Also, we ordered the sandwich without bacon, the waitress took the order, but the chef prepared it incorrectly.Anyhow, we will be back with smiles! Lunches are tough. I really need to get in and out in under and hour and I don't have confidence that can be done :( Else, I'd be spending more money here. HEAR ME FARMHOUSE? :) I also miss the duck burgers!
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2011,6/28/2011,138,90,3,7,5>This was hilarious. We were on our way to Dog Nuvo (as Duke and Duchess we make it over there plenty), but unhappily realized too late, with a carful of people no less, that it was First Friday. With no desire to fight for parking, much less wait in line for a seat anywhere, we ventured north to Hickok's. We'd read about it, and this seemed like the right time.It was busy but not packed, pleasant. Greg S. and the lovely Dana were seated near us. Circulating were girls in silver dresses, strange, who were handing out glow sticks, necklaces, and shots of Cuervo. I didn't show up to party, but I always say, I'll never refuse free tequila.Some of the portions were SMALL. Like the ahi nachos, crazy tiny. Not a meal. The fish and chips were decent sized. I ordered an a la carte shrimp taco and was blown away at how delicious it was. We'd probably go back, given similar circumstances, but wouldn't order fish nachos again.
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,6/27/2011,38,29,4,6,5>This place was awesome. In and out in about 10 minutes on a Monday afternoon. Got my giant chef's knife a new edge and now I'm a dangerous fool in the kitchen, be afraid. I also picked up a smaller 8" chef's knife for, I believe, $12 dollars, and I can guarantee it will stand up to knives 5x as expensive. It's not pretty, just a basic blade that would typically be used in a restaurant (like the one I was taking in to get sharpened, my brother the chef gave it to me since my Bed Bath and Beyond knives were complete shite), but damn if it doesn't get the job done. People were nice, interesting stuff to browse while I waited (which wasn't much of a wait). Go here and make your knives happy.
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/6/2010,6/26/2011,76,219,3,6,3>Yes, First Fridays is like cultures colliding in one fantastic, terrific and tragic moment (or several hours) - and like smashing atoms together, sometimes the resultant particles and energy are not quite what you want or expected.First, the good.  You have the ability to walk, relatively safely, through a cool area of downtown Kansas City, and see some TERRIFIC art.  There is often some live music (which truthfully has never really been that special), and of course, food and drinks abound.  In the right group, or with the right company, it can be a really great experience.And then, the occasional bad.  You have the frat boys bringing their latest mark to the city 'for some art', booze and, well, what happens after art and booze.  And you have those just wanting to drink and wander around aimlessly. Since we live in the Crossroads District, there are times when First Fridays simply portends an annoyingly loud and rambunctious evening.  And there are times when it's great to just be able to walk out of our condo and join the fray.  So there you go.
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,6/25/2011,80,254,2,4,4>I had been waiting for the perfect moment to try New York Dog Pound, and decided that before the Chief's game today would be a great opportunity. Upon entering, we were boisterously greeted by the owner (and former New Yorker) and asked if we were "first timers". He explained the menu and the combo meals. I was happy to see that they used Nathan's hot dogs, cause, well, they are my favorite.  Alright, so they have about 15 different combinations of "dawgs" but you can also create your own. I had the "bulldawg" (chili, cheese, mustard, onions) with kraut. The "dawg" was served on a poppy seed bun. They have several sides to choose from, I saw the onion straws and they looked great, and the owner actually offered us a sample of the sweet potato waffle fries. They were crisp and both sweet and savory, I would definitely make my dawg a combo next time so that I could have an entire order. I was having a sweet craving so I grabbed a little cookie treat from the counter. It was homemade, and definitely hit the spot! I think my tab was about 5 dollars with tax. I will be back. Yay Dawg Pound. Welcome to the neighborhood!
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2010,6/24/2011,117,166,6,6,6>A couple years ago, my college roomate wanted to go to Kaleidoscope for her birthday, haha. So we all packed up and went, and they wouldn't let us in because we didn't have a kid with us. Sad day. Well yesterday, I decided it was time to go! And I brought 4 kids to insure my entry! We all had a blast! There are different art stations to work on different projects. My favorite part was the puzzle making thing. You draw on a white cardboard thing, and then this lady puts it through a machine that cuts it into puzzle pieces. Badass!! I HIGHLY recommend taking any and all kids that you can borrow here! I had just as much fun, if not more, than all the kiddos.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2011,6/23/2011,112,59,,12,7>Going to the Rieger is still very much like going to a 5 star hotel, the service is so good. In fact I was very tempted to ask if there were any rooms available for the night but decided no one else would appreciate my wit.I took my fiancé here for dinner to celebrate his birthday, but the experience began at 4 pm during happy hour with Aurturo and Valdez. We were already familiar with Aurturo's skill at creating a well balanced cocktail from his stint at R Bar, but Valdez proved to be equally skilled, and a good conversationalist to boot.After enjoying cocktails and $2 Schlitz on draft at the bar, as well as a crunchy little bar snack to whet the appetite, we were moved to our table seamlessly. Having had time to study the menu in depth at the bar, we already knew what we wanted to order and share, and our waitress encouraged us to course out the evening, sharing each one as we went. So nice when a place doesn't make you feel like a cheap-skate for wanting to share an entrée. I will tell you what we ordered but be warned, the menu is going to change seasonally, as it should.We started with the charcuterie plate, with 3 kinds of what could be very heavy, oily meat, and an assortment of picked vegetables with a dollop of grain mustard. Head cheese, a shredded, preserved wild boar, and a paté. This was the very best head cheese I've ever had. The wild boar wasn't even slightly gamey, and the paté was smooth and delicious. More bread and toasts were brought without us having to beg for them.Conversation flowed, and the next course was the pork soup. Wonderful broth and flavor, and the cheese that topped it definitely belonged there. Hearty but not heavy.Timed perfectly to follow that was a butter lettuce salad, with thinly sliced apple, and goat cheese. It was fresh, crisp and bright.Next, the Pappardelle alla Bolognese, plus another little pasta "amuse bouche" (for lack of a better term) delivered to us, compliments of the chef. Few things make me happier on this earth than fresh pasta. This did not disappoint. The ground beef and pork were flavorful and well seasoned and the noodles were chewy heaven. I really have decided that the pasta course really IS the way to go. As much as I love it, I prefer a smaller portion preceding an entrée, rather than a "never ending" pasta bowl.I could tell the guest of honor was enjoying himself immensely, and we continued to discuss a variety of things, enjoying the anticipation of our final course, the rabbit pot pie. This is not a 59 cent Banquet ordeal, but a succulent mixture of chunks of tender rabbit, caramelized pearl onions, carrots and fresh peas, and whole garlic cloves, topped with the fluffiest golden brown biscuit ever.This really wasn't the last course though. Because even though I typically am disappointed by restaurant desserts (preferring to get candy at QT), we ordered two, because we learned a real pastry chef was involved with at least some of them. So glad we did. One was a banana and oozing toffee pie in a perfect crust with fluffy whipped cream and topped a jagged shard of caramelized sugar. The other was a special; a lemon curd filled cake with key lime ice cream and this crazy little seemingly freeze dried poppy seed biscuit. So...sort of a deconstructed poppy seed muffin, but so much more refined.Between the delicious food, the cocktails, the effortlessly attentive but not overbearing service, if the Reiger had rooms available, I'd for the nightly rate. As it is, I'll settle for getting back there as often as I can. Decadence like this can't be had for this price anywhere else in the city.
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/27/2010,6/22/2011,261,200,14,11,7>When is weird too weird? Have you ever watched a movie and when it ended you were kind of frozen? You were in a state of pause, or contemplation or maybe just WTF.  I'm not talking like after Shutter Island, but a mind EFF. If you haven't found such a movie I'd recommend Synecdoche, New York. You won't want to watch it again, but you will. If you want to go to a store that leaves you with a similar moment of WTF that you won't want to visit again, but probably will...Weird Stuff Antiques is at the top of the list. Calling this place an antique store is a major stretch. I'd say it's more like a bizarre collection of consumer culture throwaways. It's everything from practical (old bikes) to--as the names says-- just weird (giant signs from old businesses). When I entered the un-air conditioned-in-July retail space, a man sitting in the middle of the place reading a book asked me if I'd ever been in before. When I replied that I hadn't he said, "Well...there's absolutely nothing you'll need here." I don't know if this is his standard introduction or if that was a warning. Regardless, I soldiered on.  As I walked through the aisles of all things weird I started to realize this version of weird wasn't what I expected. I expected zany weird. I expected LOL weird. However, what I got was creepy weird. I was halfway expecting the soiled, throwaway 1970s creepy artifacts to come to life and start chasing me around the expansive place with knives. Again, this was a lot like a mind eff and less like "shopping." I'm sure I'll try to go back to Weird Stuff Antiques at some point in my life. Who knows... maybe I'll need to pull the trigger on that 8' Amoco sign I've always wanted. Somehow I'm guessing the building will have vanished like a Zoltar machine when I do return.
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,6/21/2011,262,244,7,7,8>In the middle of the summer when you're sick and tired of paying over $10 for parking,$30 for tickets, $50 for food and drinks and possibly watching the Royals self destruct, you've got to get over here and watch the T-Bones play.The venue is ALWAYS clean, even on $1 beer night or two-fer (beer) Tuesday night (and yes, that is as awesome as it sounds).  Every night is $1 hot dogs and so far the experience has yet to disappoint. Tickets are cheap and it seems there is usually a charity who'll give you a ticket if you donate a few bucks.If you've got kids, Wednesday is family night and Saturday they do fireworks after the game.  The promos are always entertaining as minor league parks tend to get crazy wacky.  My only wish is that for the Chipolte Burrito Launch, they'd use an actual Chipolte Burrito.  The park has always been family oriented but it has its rowdy moments.  I once heard a guy hollering at every player on the field, the highlights included what he thought of them and their mothers.  But that was pretty isolated.  It's a chance to see some guys really play their hearts out because you don't get paid much to play on this level and they really do include the fans.  A great cheap(er) summer sporting event alternative.
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2010,6/20/2011,2544,833,3,8,5>Guess what i'm drinking right this minute?A good, fresh smoothie in downtown Kansas City! I never thought I'd be able to utter those words. OK - maybe i'm being a little dramatic. Sure, GNC next door has smoothies, but the muscle guy behind the bar always wants me to put weird proteins in it. I prefer to drink my smoothies without the added guilt of having not already spent 3 hours at the gym that morning. But I digress...Latte Land is pretty much a KC standard, and everybody here should know what to expect when going to their new location. The place is clean, the staff is super friendly, and they pour a good product. They have granola if you didn't have time to eat breakfast and want something healthy. They have chocolate and almond croissants if you don't. After not one, not two, but THREE failed attempts to run a coffee shop/wine bar on the same corner as downtown's only real Starbucks, I'm glad that a company with a good reputation and proven longevity came in. I believe it will also have rather late hours, so it should serve the needs of local residents, not just office drones. Hopefully we all support it enough to keep them in business, though i suspect that won't be a problem. Watch out Starbucks, Latte Land is coming for you!
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2011,6/19/2011,226,187,,6,4>Stopped in here last week to get a quick bite to eat.  I figured it's new and wanted to give it a shot, especially since there are not a ton of Mexican places to choose from in this area.I've been to this space before when it was under different ownerships.  It's a large space, looks like it's setup to be a pool hall on one side.  It's been painted to fit the Mexican decor, lots of green, yellow, and red.  We opted for the bar, since you usually tend to get the best service in a place that is kind of dead (there were probably six or so other people here).  Maria was our server/bartender and started us off with 20oz Cabo Wabo margaritas for $4.95.  Yes, a premium margarita was under $5 and it's HUGE!.  I had a second one and mentioned the first seemed to be a lot of mix.  The second one was an awesome mix including Gran Marnier.I had the carnitas burrito and it was pretty tasty.  We had a couple different salsas in front of us, one being the standard, the other a fresh avacado salsa which was very good.  Maria even had it made fresh, so we waited a few minutes to get it.Overall, it's good, decent Mexican food.  Maria, the bartender and server was great.  I'd ask for her if you're in.  Atmosphere isn't the best because of how massive this space is.  The bar suits me just fine though.
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/20/2011,6/17/2011,36,117,5,4,2>Oh to have three and a half stars.  I decided to round down.In twenty years we will be talking about cupcakes the way our parents talked about bellbottoms.  When our kids and grandkids hear about how we would wait in line and salivate, paying several dollars for pennies worth of ingredients that we could probably make at home, we will probably all laugh at the lunacy.Until then, let me attempt to shove this almost-too-big-to-eat-with-you-hand cupcake into my mouth.  I liked Babycakes down at the River Market,  but the way they do the Snowball---vanilla cake and cream cheese icing w/ coconut--- I may have found another place to waste my money.$3 a pop.  One cupcake is about the cost of  a gallon of gas.  Let's do this America.
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2010,6/16/2011,222,511,4,12,6>Don't you hate waiting *a whole month* for the first weekend antique markets to open up? If you wish that one of them would just open up every weekend, you've got your wish.Muse Galleria is an every-weekend antique market that just opened up in Columbus Park, literally next door to Pandolfi's Deli. They're open Friday, Saturday and Sunday, and not just the first weekend of the month but every weekend of the month.The concept is slightly different. There are four owners that have done the monthly antique markets and decided to open up their own storefront. Since they've been doing this for years and know their stuff, their pieces are slightly more high end. There's definitely a variety of styles including rustic, shabby chic, whimsical and mid century.Prices are in line with the quality of the pieces. For example, there's a gorgeous repurposed wood dining table with chairs for just $250, a fraction of what you'd pay at NFM for much better quality (yes folks, it's real wood).Whether you need something or just want to browse around for inspiration, Muse is worth a stop on your antique store strolls.
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2010,6/15/2011,157,291,5,10,6>Amazing. Simply the best meal my husband and I have ever had in KC. We were away for Xmas, so we decided to celebrate late, and to start off our evening we booked a table at Le Fou Frog. We arrived a few minutes early, and although it was very busy, we were seated immediately in a little booth. We were provided with a chalkboard of main course options, as well as a listing of the starters and wines. Our waiter appeared almost immediately to give us a run down of all of the special off-menu options being offered (and there were a lot of them!), and once we had finally decided on a main course, he was happy to recommend the perfect wine to complement each of our meals (we opted to go for glasses instead of bottles, and let me say that the recommendations were perfect.) We received a complementary amuse bouche before starting with the lobster bisque (warning - the bowls are huge!), and then moved on to a salad each. (One really nice thing our waiter did was check in with us to make sure the speed of the service was appropriate - were things coming too quickly, etc. That was a great touch.) My husband had the duck confit salad, and the duck was fantastic. I had the goat cheese salad with citrus dressing - also very tasty. Again, the portions were quite large, especially for the price. For main courses, I had the lobster tails with champagne vanilla sauce, and OMFG. It was a bit rich, but to die for. Words simply fail me in this case - just order it if you like lobster. My husband had the lamb shank, and really enjoyed it, but (for me) it couldn't hold a candle to my lobster. You'd think we'd be too full for dessert, but no. We split their special Christmas offering - I don't know the french name, but it was basically sponge cake wrapped in a chocolate ganache - and also had coffees (espresso for my husband, and Cafe L'Orange for me). To round out everything, we were given a complementary truffle each. Yes, I managed to eat that, too, on top of the already amazing (albeit rich) food I had consumed!! So, not only was this the meal that we both agree was the best we've shared in KC, it was also a pretty good value. We did have a $50 gift certificate, but even without it our meal would've been $160 (including a generous tip) for four courses, wine, and drinks. Not bad for a special occasion meal - I've spent more and been way less impressed. Le Fou Frog is totally worth every penny. A couple of quick notes: There isn't a whole lot for vegetarians on the menu, so if you're a  vegetarian, I'd suggest calling to see if there are any options that will work for you before going. The atmosphere is very cute and intimate - think candlelit cozy European cafe (appropriate for dressing up or down), so it's very nice for a date, but it did mean that we could hear the loud talker at the next table, and I did keep getting elbowed in the back by the DB in the booth behind ours who kept putting his arm along the back of the booth. Annoying, but not enough to ruin the dining experience. Service can also get a bit slow when it's busy - it took awhile to get the check - but I figure that just allows me to embrace the European mentality a bit and digest my food while soaking up the ambiance. We will most definitely be back.
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,6/14/2011,148,216,4,7,6>I have been on a tortuous search for a good hairdresser for three years now.  I think I was cursed.  Anytime I find one I like, they end up moving away, quitting the business, or just disappearing.  And the last time I went somewhere, I asked for layers and they gave me one giant ledge straight across the back of my head. That was about 9 months ago.  I've been a little wary about trying yet another salon and another new hairstylist.  But a combination of factors had me making an appointment at Robert Arriaga for a cut and color.  1.) They hosted a cool Yelp Elite party last year, and 2.) I live, literally, about 20 steps away.I got there a little early and just waited a few minutes for Sarai to be ready for me.  She was extremely friendly and I could tell pretty quickly that she "got" what it was I wanted her to do to my hair.  Because I have A LOT of hair, coloring, cutting & styling my hair takes a while.  I think I was there for over 3 hours, but it didn't feel that long.  Sarai was very high energy and made the whole visit really fun.  It's been a very long time since I've left a salon in love with my hair, but I'm sitting here and still can't stop touching it.  It's even better than I imagined it could be when I went in there today.$170 (without tip) for great color and an even better cut. I'll definitely be back!
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2010,6/12/2011,50,87,3,5,3>Stopped by Grandma's on a Saturday afternoon ... not exactly the most exciting time to visit a bar in the West bottoms.  Hell, I don't even know if anything else around them was open ... but Grandma's was.  Grandma's is the kind of bar that I like to know exists ... nothing fancy or trendy.  They have two pool tables, a dart board, a jukebox with endless selections and, at least on this day, two of the nicest women you could hope for taking your orders and making sure that everything was okay.Grandma's has a nice selection of breakfast, lunch and dinner items that are filling and pretty tasty.  It's a good place with good food and good people ... I think this is all the world needs.  And even though the success or failure of Grandma's may ultimately lie in their location next to the much more affluent R Bar, I think you would be sorely mistaken to overlook the pure pleasure of the friendly neighborhood bar known as Grandma's.  Breakfast, lunch or dinner ... they're here ... thank you Grandma.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2010,6/11/2011,82,237,4,3,2>My buddy needed to go to an Eye doctor for some reason so I offered to drop him off. Instead of waiting in the hot sun I decided to stroll into this huge freaking Asian market that popped up over night. As I walk in the familiar smell of fish and curries fill my nose. Knowing I want chicken dumplings I walk to the frozen section. I don't see any chicken! They have beef, veggie etc... I give up and walk through the store only to find another frozen section with chicken dumplings! I walk to the sauces section to look for dumpling dipping sauce. They don't have it...knowing that I'm in an Asian market and only chaos rules I searched out to find another sauce section with the dumpling sauce. I find the chocolate Mocha icecream and go on to find Ramen noodles in 3 different places in the store. I can only assume they have a Japanese, Korean and chinese sections but my dumb, ugly American self will never know the difference. They have huge scrolls that cover the check out lines. I can't read it so I assume it says this lane closed until I see a small Asian women behind the cash register.Then I realize the scroll is for decoration and my big dumb 6' 3" American ass is the only one hindered by this scroll. I notice  another sign in English that says 3% discount for cash payments. Oh well I pull out my credit card and the lady smiles at me.
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2011,6/10/2011,25,82,4,7,4>Strip-mall, hole-in-the-wall, terribly small, but herein lies your Taco-Bell-Bueno-John's cure-all.They don't even want you to order the tacos, enchiladas, or burritos.  Your server will suggest that you stick to dinners...you know...real plates of Mexican-spiced meats and sides, not wrapped in doughy blankets of corn with salsa or cheese.Ignore the facade out front and the decor inside.  Come in, get a table, and take the recommendation from your server!We had Ranchero Steak (cooked in a special way...really, that's what the menu said) and the Chicken Achiote.  The former was good.  The latter was unbelievable!And to top it off, this place made my cheapskate tummy happy too.  Entrees were only running in the $11-13 range for the most part!I'm told the margaritas are great too, but I'll save that for the next trip, and the next, and the next, and....
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2010,6/9/2011,72,133,,4,3>OBSESSED!  I've been here once and couldn't spot myself from oohing and aahing at every turn.  Each nick and cranny is filled to the brim with wonderful treasures.  If you like antiques or kitsch you will most likely find an armful of things to take home.  Check it out!
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2011,6/8/2011,130,37,2,7,4>Yelp, we've known each other for awhile now. Have I mentioned I'm an Indian food snob?Well, I am. Utterly and completely. My husband and I have visited most of the Indian restaurants in the metro area, and we have strong opinions about each.After reading a review of Taj Palace on a Midtown blog, we decided to stop a few Saturdays ago to sample the Indian restaurant mecca, otherwise known as the lunch buffet.He's a vegetarian, I'm not, so the lunch buffet is the happy meeting of both worlds. As I worked my way through the line, dipping up small helpings of chicken briyani, chili chicken, vegetable korma, chole saag and a slice of naan, I couldn't wait to dive in.The verdit? Taj Palace is good. Really good. The vegetable korma might top the best in the city--Korma Sutra. The chili chicken is spicy enough to demand a dollop of cooling raita -- or a mango lassi. The other dishes were equally flavorful--the saag and chicken tikka masala both come immediately to mind.My only disappointment? The chai. We've been spoiled by Swagat, and Taj Palace's chai is a bland, watery liquid that I find unpalatable. Otherwise, Taj Palace is fantastic and the 39th Street neighborhood is one of my favorite places in KC. You'll enjoy people-watching while you eat if you're lucky to score a window seat, and the eclectic district is a great place for a post-meal stroll, especially if you've over-indulged (and at an Indian buffet, haven't we all?)
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2011,6/7/2011,56,100,3,5,3>There is a specific reason this place is in my regular lunch rotation downtown ... the fish tacos! This is not to take away from the other menu fare but the fish tacos are my fav. They are large flour tortillas stuffed with a nice piece of talapia that has been very well seasoned and grilled. Then they jazz it up with spicy sauce, lettuce and a fresh tomato-cilantro pico inside. They toss on a few thinly sliced jalapenos if you wish to take it up a notch.I have never been disappointed with the other menu items I have tried here like the Cafe Salad with chicken and the chicken sandwich which has a lovely thick slice of smoked gouda on top.The menu items change a few times a year but I think some of the staples remain. A mass boycott might ensue if the fish tacos were to disappear. The sides change, too. I've had pasta salad, potato salad, chips or little browned potatoes with a gorgonzola dipping sauce (do you hear me now?).Always cheery, friendly service and the owner is almost always there schlepping drinks, plates from the kitchen or guests to their table. My only downer is that they are only open for lunch during the week. No fish tacos for me on weekends. How ruuude!If you want a very tasty lunch for not much moolah during the week in a low-stress environment, check out Kansas City Cafe.
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2010,6/6/2011,146,38,,6,4>Everything on the small menu sounded delicious and seasonal, but my wife and I were both in the mood for some sort of trusty favorite, as opposed to an adventurous selection (this mood doesn't strike often). So she chose the wild mushroom risotto with scallops and I had the special - a massive double thick pork chop on a bed of greens, on a cloud of mashed potatoes in a pool of jus.  To start, we split a mixed greens salad with blue cheese and bacon, with a bacon vinaigrette.The salad was average as far as nice-restaurant-salads go, but we liked it. The blue cheese was a creamy, unctuous treat, the pancetta cubes a salty (thought somewhat chewy) accompaniment. But altogether, this was not a reinvention of the bacon, blue cheese salad. Just a good representation of the classic.We enjoyed the risotto, more-so for the scallops than the rice. The rice may have been sitting, ready to serve, in a pot in the kitchen for some time already that evening and had swollen into large, grains. But for my taste, while pasta truly needs to be al dente to be perfect, risotto that's slightly overcooked is just super-creamy risotto. I love it. But oh - the scallops! It's gotten to the point where I expect risotto with scallops dishes to be served with too much buttery risotto and a scant two, maybe three scallops. Not the case at Europa. Elizabeth's dish was filled with five of the most perfectly cooked scallops either of us had ever eaten. Each had that golden brown crust but was tantalizingly soft and smooth throughout, and not overly raw. Setting that bowl down in front of us was the equivalent of extending a bowl filled with full-sized Snickers bars to a couple trick-or-treaters. My pork dish was equally impressive. The cut of meat was hearty to say the least. It was clearly overcooked - an opaque whiteness throughout the meat - but only barely so as it wasn't too tough or dry. And c'mon... with a palette of buttery greens, creamy potatoes and rich, steamy jus to drag each bite of pork through, dryness was easily remedied.I wasn't told what exact type of greens I was given, but my strong inclination was mustard greens, given their twangy, earthy flavor. They were simple and had been cooked to perfection, in that textural nook between stemmy and mushy: fork-tender. Despite being such a humble ingredient, they were completely enjoyable. And the mashers were a dream, as restaurant mashed potatoes so often are. I may not be the foremost connoisseur of mashed potatoes, but I know the difference between good and bad ones, and these were definitely good.I suppose it was something about the warmth in our bellies and the warmth in the intimate room around us that led us toward the ice cream du jour... sweet potato. Curiosity, too. It tasted much as we suspected - sweet, with autumnal spices like cinnamon, clove, allspice. It also retained the potato's starchiness, which was curious but not altogether bad. It cooled us down and paired quite nicely with our salutatory espressos. We paid, thanked the kind server, swung our jackets over our shoulders and strode back toward the car with happiness exuding from the contended smiles on our faces.Café Europa offered up little to surprise or shock, but it wowed us, nonetheless. I loved that it was a nice place, content to serve good food that people like to order. It wasn't trying to be anything unnatural, and there was something exceedingly comforting about that fact. I think several other restaurants in town could offer up the exact same menu but fail to leave me as pleased as Café Europa did. It's a pleasant little restaurant, located in the perfect spot, serving just what is wanted to those who want it.
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,6/5/2011,54,211,2,4,5>Hands down my favorite theater in Kansas City, doesn't hurt that it's 5 minutes from home. Where else can you get a Boulevard and some fried green beans-brought to you in your seat-to go with your $6 first-run movie?Love the restoration of this old theater, and if you get there in time, you can sit in one of the Lazy Boys in the first 2 rows. Then watch the robot open the curtains-cool!Always my first choice for the movies-to the point that I'll wait until they get it to go see it! Don't miss this place!
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2011,6/4/2011,16,336,,4,2>4.5 Stars actually.Great buffet with complimentary mango lassi. I like the food here a lot, but I don't feel like it is overly superior to other places. HOWEVER, their service is! There is a man who is always there (presumably owner/manager). He greets everybody, brings you free surprises, and mixes up delicious sauces for your dining pleasure. He's also packed up stuff to go without our requesting it even though it's a lunch buffet. He makes eating here a pleasure, and I look for excuses to go down south so I can snag a meal here.
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2011,6/3/2011,1260,126,10,21,15>Malay Café is an unexpected gem hidden within a nondescript strip mall on Barry Road.  Malaysian food? one might ask.  What might be such a thing?  It is wonderful, I assure you.  I have eaten there many times, and have never had anything less than an excellent meal.  Everything is cooked fresh to order, with a careful attention to detail.As a case in point, sweetie and I slipped away from work for a lunch rendezvous not long ago.  We perused the lunch specials, which are smaller but still generous portions of the dinner fare (at ridiculously low prices), and gave our order to the unsmiling but agreeable server who I believe is also an owner.  She immediately brought us complimentary bowls of fragrant, steaming soup.  The broth was clear and slightly spicy with bits of tofu and vegetables swirling about, and redolent of an exotic seasoning that I couldn't identify.  We consumed every last drop.  Next came the Green Paw, chunks of chicken sautéed with garlic and finished with a brown sauce studded with cashews, then served in lettuce leaves with fried white noodles.  The balance of flavor and texture was perfect, the crunchiness of the noodles and cashews playing against the cool crispness of the lettuce and the warm meatiness of the chicken.When the entrees arrived, the attention to detail became most evident.  In addition to the entrée, each plate held a molded mound of yellow rice into the top of which colorful bits of veggies, nuts, and dried fruit had been imbedded.  To the side lay two perfectly fried accompaniments- a wonton wrapper filled with curried mashed potatoes and a slice of sweet potato cooked within an airy light batter- as well as a little mound of mesclun greens for texture and color.  My Royal Almond chicken was fantastic.  Small pieces of chicken were entirely coated with sliced almonds, then sautéed until just cooked through, and served with a light, slightly sweet sauce.  Sweetie enjoyed his Java Mee, which is somewhat similar to lo mein, noodles tossed with a rich brown sauce and chicken and served with wedges of lime.  I assume he enjoyed his rice and fried tasties as well, because when I looked up, they were gone.Dinner at Malay Café is wonderful as well (though the non-descript decor makes it seem quite casual).  On a recent evening, we started with the Malaysian Sampler, which consisted mostly of fried items.  I am not one who usually orders an assortment of fried fried fried, but lunch had always been so good that I decided to give it a try.  Sweetie, who quite enjoys his fried fried fried, was more than happy to concur with my suggestion.  The Sampler contained two each of the following- spring rolls, smoked salmon wontons, coconut shrimp, sweet potato slices, cream cheese wontons, and chicken satay (not fried).  Dipping sauces- one a thick peanut, the other a sweet and translucent red- accompanied the platter.  If the quality had been bad, or merely mediocre, this mass of food could have been a lead-weight disaster.  Instead, it was wonderful.  Everything on the Sampler had been handmade from whole ingredients on the premises and cooked at the time of order.  Each morsel was better than the last.  They tasted fresh and light rather than heavy.  We lingered over every bite.  We finished, sated, and eased back in our chairs.  Then we realized that we had ordered more food.The Water Dumplings, which we had requested steamed instead of fried, were filled with shrimp, chicken, and vegetables, and delicately seasoned with ginger.  The flavors were simple, clean, and wonderful.  The Rendang Beef, the first entrée, consisted of tender hunks of beef sautéed with chunks of potato, onion, carrot, tomato, and zucchini, and finished in a rich and slightly spicy coconut milk sauce.  It was hearty and delicious stew that somehow tasted even better when reheated the next day.  The Chili Noodle Bowl, somewhat similar in concept to Vietnamese pho yet with its very own character, offered chicken, shrimp, and beef along with noodles in a clear and delicate broth.After we rolled ourselves to the car, we drove home in a happy daze.
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2010,6/2/2011,76,384,3,9,4>What an appropriate name! I thought I'd covered every bar on North Oak long ago! Every time I saw the name "Lost Bar" come up in my research I assumed it had to be a new name for a bar I'd already been too.Ironically, my BARDAR has gone off numerous times while driving past the very strip mall in which this bar is located. It's a strip mall that screams that it has a bar in it, yet there isn't one to be found......unless you look in the back.But why would you? From Oak it looks like a standard one-story strip mall with nothing behind it. But it turns out there's a sharp drop in the hill and there is indeed a lower level around back.Lost Bar is a small, dark, smokey dive -- exactly what you'd expect such a well-hidden place to be. There's pool tables, games, and a small stage. There seems to be a well-knit group of regulars. Our bartender was very friendly and pleasant.  Beer was poured cold and at just the right price:  cheap!   I really enjoyed my visit here and will be back.
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2011,6/1/2011,28,62,10,8,8>Judge not by it's location on the east end of the Plaza, for upon entering Fred P. Ott's, you are transported far away from the hustle of the Country Club elites and vapid socialites who richly populate the strip, grasping to stay fashionable with whatever trend is currently being fed to the public at large.Got your attention yet? Ott's has been a mainstay in KC since... well, long before I could legally enjoy the spoils of adulthood. I have had many friends older than myself regale me with stories of the bands they have seen play at Ott's, and though that heyday is sadly in the past, the history of the business' involvement with local music is still very much a part of their decor. Stickers and flyers numbering in the hundreds are layered over each other on the walls, an adhesive time capsule whose origins began more than 20 years ago and contain enough local history to make this music nerd squeal with excitement.The most charming aspect of Ott's is their upstairs nook, just large enough to fit a few tables and arcade games (my last visit delivered an answer to a burning question: Yes, someone out there manufactured a Johnny Mnemonic pinball machine.) Even if your goal isn't to get as far away from natural light as humanly possible, there is a wonderful outside patio that wraps around the exterior, providing plentiful seating for a group of friends on a nice day.At this point, you are obviously saying "wow, Greg, this place sounds like a heaven on Earth, a veritable Shangri-La of architectural beauty where only the most interesting and funny people like yourself are permitted entry. But what about the food and drinks?" Well, uncomfortably complimentary reader, the menu items are plentiful and the drinks are poured with the hands of an artist. You may not expect a burger or chicken tacos from an establishment where you can find a stranger's alleged desire to perform lewd acts with an arctic creature written in permanent marker on it's restroom wall to be anything more than bar food, but then you would not only be wrong, but have odd and insurmountable standards.The drinks? Where do I begin. Drink specials every night of the week, with attention to great brews from Boulevard (Wednesdays, Fridays) and New Belgium (Thursdays) for a near unbeatable $3 a pint. Craft beer not your bag? Well, go in on a Tuesday, when all domestic pints are $2.50, because why should you have to spend more money on a beer than a gallon of gas. Don't forget to tip your bartender!
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,5/31/2011,115,89,22,7,3>Kitty's is an unassuming establishment on the outskirts of the 'Martini Corner' that caters to one and all (mostly people who work downtown and black people who live nearby-- it's not racist, it's the absolute truth). Most famous for their pork tenderloin sandwich, tempura battered and stacked three high, Kitty's won't blow your socks off, but it will make you question whether or not you've ever actually had a decent 'pork tendy' (nobody actually calls a pork tenderloin a 'pork tendy,' but I'm working on it... let's let it settle and see how we feel about it after awhile). So you go in-- probably with a few coworkers-- and ask for the pork tenderloin. And french fries. The Asian (?) dude behind the counter is super helpful and he'll offer sodas (can only) and napkins (made of paper). You pay (cash only-- make sure your asshole coworkers bring cash) and wait a short amount of time. Next thing you know, you're raping this delicious pork sammie with your chompers. Your life will never be the same (or it probably will-- it'd be pretty fucked up if a sandwich changed your life, for fuck's sake). The french fries are forgettable. You'll eat them as the crowd pours in-- again, a lot of black dudes that you're probably afraid of and a bunch of white construction workers who happen to be razing houses in the area. It gets crowded quickly. Hurry up! Eat eat eat! Pretty soon, you're done, and you've got a small tenderloin nugget in your stomach. You feel good, but you've gotta poop. Don't worry, that's normal. That's the price of success, my friend. That's right-- poop is the price of success. Jot a note in your journal-- this is a monumental occasion.
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/10/2011,5/30/2011,24,42,10,3,4>Spider bites are serious business. Growing up in KC I know the dangers of the brown recluse, and the occasional black widow. One can't be too careful. Oftentimes, simple housekeeping can keep the risk of spider bites to a minimum. Spiders prefer dark, undisturbed areas, such as that basket of laundry full of clothes that you don't wear very often (if ever). It's been sitting in front of your washing machine for months. Sure, it's right there, but there are clothes that are a part of your heavy rotation that demand, and deserve your attention. Plus, if you wash them, you'll be forced to confront the gross amount of clothing you own that you don't wear, but you like just enough to keep in your basement. This is a prime spot for arachnids. The other issue with housekeeping is you can control the amount of bugs in your home by doing simple things such as dishes, emptying out the crumb catcher in your toaster, and sweeping your floor (yes that includes the corners, and under your furniture, you may have to move some stuff around, but believe you me, it's worth it). By controlling the population of roaches and ants, you are minimizing the diet of the spiders in your home. A bite by a brown recluse can mess you up man. This comes directly from the mouth of an undisputed expert, the shoe sales man at the Bunker, who coincidentally, looks exactly like Bob Forrest from Celebrity Rehab. Sure he could have talked to me about where the shoes that I was thinking about buying were made, he could have brought me different sizes without the annoyed sigh, but that would have robbed me of the uncomfortable story about the large patch of skin on his leg that after being bitten by said brown recluse, began to rot, and stink like holy hell.I like this store. They have cool, uber trendy stuff that you buy if you're the kind of person who enjoys the question "where did you get (insert purchased item here)?". The prices here seem a little high, but you're paying for unique merchandise, and valuable advice about spider bites.
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2011,5/29/2011,27,37,3,4,4>Who woulda thought that tucked behind a McDonald's and next to, probably the worst, Price Chopper is tied for second coolest dive bar in Waldo. This place is always swinging on the weekends. Really, swinging. The music is fantastic. The bartenders belt it out along with the piano, they're miked and everything. The drawback of this is that sometimes you might have to wait til the end of the song to put in your drink order, but mostly with a series of hand gestures refills are prompt. After being out at other obnoxiously loud, crowded bars, this is a comfort haven. There are plenty of seats at every table and the bar stools are wide, cushioned, have arms, and spin! A comfortable seat to rest my feets makes all the difference. And if your lucky the little dog might hop up on the chair next to you! He's adorable and friendly. One of these days I'm going remember Soup Saturday's on Saturday. Before it's over. Come on the right night and the regulars have a buffet set up. Home made knock your socks off yumm. I'm always impressed by the crowd this place draws: regulars that have been meeting here for years and years, cabaret gay, and last time some friendly bikers. Oh, and me.
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2011,5/28/2011,467,1371,4,9,11>RyanFirst of all, thanks for coming back.  And don't ever leave us again! (we know it wasn't really your fault)Now, for those of you who don't know Kansas City's great little not-secret, Manifesto is part of a growing movement in our city to develop a high-end bartender culture/community.  Now, some Manifesto adherents would have you believe that the orbit of this community revolves around the basement of the Rieger Hotel, where Manifesto is located - but this is only partially true.  You're going to find great drinks at R Bar, Grunauer, Room 39, and Pot Pie, for starters, but let's say that the crew at Manifesto is quite talented.If you plan to show up here, you need to do two things:1.  Make reservations.  On weekends they won't take reservations for fewer than 4 people, on weekdays, take your chances, but don't ever show up without texting 816 536 1325 to find out what is going on first.2.  Be prepared to drink.  This isn't a lounge.  This is a place where they make really fine cocktails in the way they did back when Kansas City was the oasis of Prohibition.Ice is really the next new thing in high-end cocktails and there is a flat, long, rectangular (made in a tacklebox) piece that goes in my favorite drink at this bar.  That drink is the Shatto Blanc.  It is made with Tito's vodka (from Austin), Shatto root beer milk, yellow Chartreuse and bitters. If I have a girl with me I'll push her the way of The Girl from Cadiz which is Hendrick's gin, sherry, lemon, mint and dried juniper berries (anything to break them from the Stoli Doli routine).For those of you, who like me, prefer an old-fashioned cocktail (or an Old-Fashioned, for that matter), order the Smoke and Choke.  Enjoy it, and test yourself on trying to figure out what's in it.  When you can name at least 2 or 3 of those ingredients, you've graduated from "drink enjoyer" to novice "drink connoiseur."
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2011,5/27/2011,47,125,3,4,4>I come here way more than is healthy. But, in my defense, I don't just get pizza! SPIN has delicious salads which is extremely difficult to find in Olathe. My favorite is the Sonoma which is amazing. It has goat cheese (my fav cheese), golden raisins, pears and a blood orange vinaigrette. Perfecto!I am a huge fan of the eggplant pizza. Sometimes i get the goat-cheese and onion. I like to fool myself into thinking I'm healthy so I like to get the eggplant to work on upping the daily veggie intake.Recently a friend had the primodora (one of the healthy veggies with tomatoes and spinach) and it was quite good!As far as drinks, the sangria is quite tasty but I am a pizza and beer girl and they have my fav Blvd pale ale. The gelato is always amazing. I've had many flavors but the mango and peanut butter cup are my favs. They also give you a little cookie with the gelato! I will never turn down a cookie!
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,5/26/2011,92,76,2,28,6>There were two things that Blue Yuu had against it before I even walked in. 1. Location. It just opened up a few weeks ago in Raytown, nestled between a Wendy's and a small car repair shop. It's a pretty big building and it has a large neon blue sign, making it stand out among the nothingness of the 63rd Street area. And it's proven mostly impossible for me to find any local restaurants between Raytown and Independence, let alone any local restaurants worth dining at. So my expectations were that this could either be the best restaurant ever, or the worst.2. Range of cuisine. I checked out the restaurant's Web site before going, and it boasts Chinese, Vietnamese, Thai, Korean and Japanese cuisines. Usually when a restaurant doesn't have a tight focus on one region, it scares me. Makes me think of nasty buffets. But after eating here just once, I don't see that as being a problem.My fears were a bit alleviated when we walked in for dinner. Though the place was totally empty, the decor was nice, inviting and welcoming, as was the staff. Now, to the food. Lots of choices like I said, from Japanese udon to lo mein to Singapore rice noodles to Taiwanese shaved ice (one of my faves!), but one of the friendly staff members strongly recommended the Korean chicken dolsot (in a stone pot) bibimbap, so I went with it. As someone who has never had Korean food I really enjoyed (it's always too bland or too kimchi-y), I was pleasantly surprised by the flavors and the freshness of everything from the veggies to the rice to the gochujang (Korean chili sauce). The accompanying kimchi also looked delicious, but since I can't stand the stuff I can't really give an opinion. For $10 in a huge stone pot, it was a great deal and I have leftovers for lunch. Bonus!My fiance ordered orange beef, saying that he's been searching the world over for orange beef as tasty as one he used to eat in a restaurant in California. Generally, it's rubbery, the beef is grizzly, and the sauce is jello-y. Not so here. The deep-fried beef was tender on the inside and had a nice crunch to the outside. It had a great citrusy, sweet sauce that complemented it well, and didn't overpower it like so many other orange or General Tso's or sweet and sour devices. Upon finding the perfect orange beef treasure, I think my man felt like he had scaled Mount Everest.A nice lady (who may have been one of the owners) came and chatted with us for awhile, making sure the food was to our liking and even asking us if the music was good enough for us (it was relaxing). She told us they had prided themselves on having a variety of authentic Asian food as well as standard Chinese dishes, and making sure all the ingredients were fresh and healthy. They said they'd soon be featuring fresh sushi, as well as Vietnamese dishes and possibly even Hmong food, which I've never had, so I look forward to that. I was also informed they'd carry alcohol soon. Their lunch menu looks reasonable as well, and they gave us cards that would give us a free lunch after so many meals. So my hopes are high for this place. I just hope that its location doesn't work to its detriment. So, please give Blue Yuu a try (it's about a block from the DMV for all you Missouri dwellers)... You won't be disappointed.
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2011,5/25/2011,159,346,2,5,7>Today is the day I had my first vegan baked good. I swear I couldn't tell the difference between non-vegan / vegan regarding the "Hostess" cupcake I had.  It was super moist and awesomely filled with cream - just like a Hostess Cupcake.  If this is representing vegan baked items then sign me up!I had a small drip coffee as well.  It was a bit on the weak side but drinkable.  But the star of the day was the excellent cupcake.  It's large enough to share but you may want to think twice about sharing!
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2010,5/24/2011,47,283,4,15,2>I didn't have high expectations for falafel from a gas station, especially from a place with a grammatical error on their sign (it's gyros, not gyro's) but Papu's reminded me that an open mind will rarely fail you. The service was friendly, the food made to order and the end product was some fab take out- dinner for two for ten dollars! The falafel sandwich was good, and admittedly it was a bit more moist than I like it, but it was made better with the accompanying hot sauce. The hummus plate came with one flat bread pita, but also with some bonus feta and kalamata olives, and they only charged me $1 for it! If this were a sit down restaurant I'd assign four stars, but for the price it's an easy five.
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2011,5/23/2011,521,843,1,18,6>Though I've never adopted an animal from Wayside Waifs, today, when my dog, after 6 months of kidney failure and days of not eating, passed in the night last night and didn't want to go to the vet when it was her time, I had read reviews on Yelp, and heard about Wayside Waifs on 98.9 FM enough, that I thought quick, and called them.I took my beloved baby up to Wayside waifs to utilize their cremation services, and I was met at my car, no less, by a caring and compassionate employee, who carried my little dog inside with such grace, honor and dignity,  that I will never forget it. Their services are better than some funeral homes for humans. They offered their services and a nice little red velvet bag with ashes and I bought a little urn, as well. They order the urns and it's tiny, attractive and in utmost good taste. They could tell I had a rough morning, but the minute I felt their loving energy I was blessed with a great feeling that I had done something more noble than just dropping her off at the vet.For $165.00, they do the cremation, and you are provided a red velvet bag For $61.00, I bought a small heart shaped urn, that doesn't look like death or the sadness it represents. I wlll pick it up in a few days.I am so grateful that  Wayside Waifs were there. My dog didn't want to go to the vet, and when I saw the beautiful facilities of Wayside waifs, I knew I would be blessed and relieved. I am going to donate blankets, and dogfood. I saw the employees walking the dogs from the shelter to the outside walk areas, and could tell this is a great place. They also offer a foster dog program, and I may help them with that later on.
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,5/22/2011,38,51,,6,3>Updating with some FüD advice:If you're there for Saturday brunch, make a point to ask about what breakfast items they're serving, because depending on who is taking your order (they do table service now, whereas they used to have you order at the counter), you may or may not hear about those specials.AND! If you have a breakfast/brunch favorite there (my husband and I LOVE the Toastie), ask about it specifically, because last time we were there, we heard a completely different list from what we'd been told recited to the table next to us.One more piece of advice (totally unrelated): Eat the Sweet Stack.  It's their brownie sundae and Oh Em Gee it's delicious. So keep those points in mind, and also know that their food remains absolutely delicious (and I'm stoked that they have a selection of sandwiches available in the cooler at Nature's Own Market in my neighborhood!) and the service is much improved from the beginning.
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2010,5/21/2011,195,325,7,9,4>Visiting YST (stole that lil' abbreviation from regulars) has been weeks in the making.  It was decided this would be how we would reward ourselves after working on a Saturday.  I called ahead the day before to ensure there would indeed be Bierocks.  Ronnie answered the phone quite promptly and was kind enough to lay my fears to rest when he told me he had a batch already made up and there would definitely be some when we got there around 2pm the next day. Our next concern was parking...street parking is enough to make me want to eat somewhere else.  I just don't like the hassle.  We were all expecting a parking situation but there were plenty of places to park when we got there.  Huge relief.We stepped into this cafe type place and there were all sorts of mismatched tables and chairs and even a booth and some plush chairs.  We had to look around to figure out the flow... the menu is written on a dry erase board toward the back (near the register) and you place your order back there and select a drink from the fridge (or order some complicated coffee).  They sorta took us under their wing because we looked at little lost and they were chatting with us while nixing some of the sold out items off the menu.  While the guy erased, he informed us that there was only one more piece of the apple cake left and gave us dibs on it.  We took it.   Along with that we got two creme sodas, a pomegranate White Tea Soda (had to try it) and three Bierochs.  Not much later, this super happy guy in a red beanie (they all wear beanies, some are made to look like tomatoes and you can even buy one if you want) comes out and is all sorts of theatrical by calling your name all sing songy and playing up the food for everyone to be jealous over.  He was great to watch - very enjoyable service.  His name was Philip and he snapped a picture of himself with my camera.  Now, I'm not a Bierock expert but I feel like we had as close you can get without being German in our group.  Turns out this guy grew up on Bierocks that were made by his German neighbor.  The crusty roll that was stuffed with cabbage, onion, cheese and beef was given his seal of approval.  We all agreed it needed more cheese but not much more -- just enough to hold the filling together a little better.  It was served with fresh, spicy mustard and a small slice of pineapple.  The cake was a three tiered, spiced apple treat with cream cheese icing.  It was pretty good and it was satisfying to know we got the last piece.  I couldn't stop thinking about the pie though... I wanted the blueberry pie.  I went up to order it and it was sold out.  Dang.  He quickly diverted my attention to the blackberry pie. "Lawrence blackberries" he said.  I got it a la mode (homemade ice cream).  It was good too.  The ice cream had a unique flavor... more of a sweet cream than vanilla.  We all had back up items that we would order in case we were still hungry (quiche, Panini, flatbread etc.), but it was agreed we were satisfied and would save those items for next time.  There will be a next time.  PS Don't get too set on any one thing - they sell out fast.  Back up plans are important.  PPS They have a lot of vegetarian friendly options.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2010,5/20/2011,530,119,6,10,12>"You see that kids?", I said as I pulled the car in front of Halcyon. "Those are some cockamamey lunchpails from back when Daddy was your age."And with that, we (The Dame, The Kids and I) were in through the doors, shouting "Eureka!" as HDTC's Yelp page suggested we should if we wanted a discount that day.That day was Sunday, and Owner Rod greeted us at the door of his treasure trove ready to let us peruse to our heart's content.  From then on it was all, "Lookit this!" or "Daddy what's THAT!?" or "Hey, I remember those" for almost a good hour, satisfying the Hunter / Gatherer in all four of us, no matter what our generation."Which of those guitars do you like, kids?""I like that black pointy one!", Kasper, age 4 suggested about an Epiphone Explorer."Well I like the black and red bass!", Zsofia, age 8, blurted about a Dean Hollywood."Well, kids, you just picked the two most Metal axes in the joint, so you are doomed to be in an 80's metal revival band, as soon as you are in Junior High."  Of course, they both just looked confused, but somehow excited by this idea...That's the kind of fun we had in this place.  I got to show my kids stuff that was around when I was a kid; everything from a hat made from Olympia Beer cans crocheted together to an old Starbird spaceship toy to the aforementioned cockamamey lunchpails.  Sure, plenty of great old shirts, posters, and TONS of vinyl, too, (including stuff I hadn't seen since my teen years like a practically mint copy of Ebn Ozn's debut LP!) and vintage musical gear that could very well have been used on some of those recordings, for all I know!The kids found some maracas and started making a racket with them, adding their own bit of giddy hoodoo flavor to the crazy ramshackle of awesome adorning the walls and halls of Halcyon.  Of course, Owner Rod was patient and accommodating, knowing we were all into his shop for the right reasons, with the right tastes to appreciate his magical mystery tour of funky fabulosity.In the end, we settled for some stuff for the kitchen, a couple of Schlitz glasses, and the aforementioned maracas, all for a great price.  It's the kind of place you're not gonna walk out empty-handed from, because surely there's something in there that'd rattle the dust off of some delightful memory of childhood, and you'll have to take it home out of pure nostalgic awesomeness.  Just like me and those Schlitz glasses...
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2011,5/18/2011,49,247,2,5,4>I had no idea this Half Price books existed, until Yelp directed me here of course.When I walked in, it was stunning.  And you say, how stunning can a bookstore be?  Ceiling to floor covered in books, videos, music, etc.  It was well organized, had clearly marked sections, and great items on display.I sold some books only to turn around and buy more books.  It's my own personal curse.  The man behind the counter was quick and friendly.  I found an awesome animal photograph portrait book  which I traded for the books I brought in for extra cash.  The cashier was also helpful and nice.  This is a super duper location that I will remember first the next time I need to trade some books.
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2011,5/17/2011,292,268,6,10,9>THISTLE........say it out loud.....such a good word to say!  (sorry, I digress before I even start)The two things that Thistle has going for it is visual display and customer service.Most flea markets are just stuffed full of of collectibles and knick-knacks.  Just layered with stuff, dusty packed stuff.  While Thistle may be heavily stocked, it's done with care.  It's organized but also really visually pleasing.  They have taken time to visually merchandise the product in fun and creative ways.  It doesn't look like *junk*, but actual merchandise that you would love to have......smart.  (again, I'm not one to scavenge and dig for stuff so I find this appealing while I know many people love to spend time and discover their finds by digging through piles of stuff)!Also, the people working in the store the night we stopped in were so nice.  Inviting, easy to shop around, comfortable conversation but never overbearing.  They offered some refreshments and cookies, who doesn't love that!
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2011,5/16/2011,143,29,7,15,7>I spent a bit of time Thailand a few years ago, and while I was there I learned several valuable lessons:1.) Booze produced in the "Golden Triangle" contains enough formaldehyde to embalm a brontosaurus. 2.) Thai food is some of my favorite cuisine on the planet. The layout of a city is an interesting thing. It's a near guarantee that the further one travels from the urban core, the integrity of an ethnic menu will degenerate by the mile. Kansas City is a little bit different. In the tradition of the now defunct Udipi, which provided stunning vegetarian, Indian fare in the heart of Johnson County, Hot Basil takes impressive advantage of their Overland Park, strip-mall, location to provide delicious and authentic Thai food just between the NTB and the Hobby Lobby. The Northern Thai province of Isaan has produced a godsend of a salad in Laab. Its made up of minced tofu, pork, or chicken, lime, mint, onions, etc... and served on a bed of cabbage. It's an extremely powerful flavor and I love it so. Very few of the Thai restaurants I've visited in the 'States offer this on the menu, and ones that do earn an extra gold star. Hot Basil brightened my day by not only offering Laab right there on the first page of the menu, but what hit the table was some of the best Laab I've eaten anywhere in the world. Period. The Panang Curry and the Gapow Moo were both delicious and ample on the plate as well. This is all stellar news for me, as I now have one great Thai restaurant to visit in each region of the city. If you are in the Northland, go to Tasty Thai. Downtown, Thai Paradise, and finally Johnson County appears on the charts with this shockingly impressive Thai eatery, run entirely by Thai people and located in Rosanna Square.  Go to Hot Basil. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2010,5/15/2011,10,73,3,9,7>The staff here is just the greatest.  Normally they close at 6pm on Sunday ( which we didn't know ) - we drove all the way from Gladstone and got there at 6:10pm.  They were *extremely* gracious and let us in anyhow. :-)...Which was fortunate, cuz I really had a craving for Chorizo again.  MMMM Chorizo... /omnomnomI kept apologizing to the waitress for keeping her there late, and thanking the owner (and the cooks) for letting us in.  To top it all off, about 3 different groups of people followed us in afterward - /facepalm -- God only knows what hour they finally got to close the doors and go home! ;-)Great food, great staff - we definitely tried to make it worth their while -- by letting them know we gave them FIVE STARS on Yelp ;-)We're definitely going back, but well before 6pm if it's Sunday [**BSEG]** Big Shiznit Eating Grinz :b
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2010,5/14/2011,247,223,,6,7>This French bistro, Aixois, (pronounced "x-wah"), provides unusually good value.  Unlike many French restaurants in this country, Aixois ("the man from Aix-en-Provence") provides large quantities at very reasonable prices with a friendly unpretentious staff, and the food matches the high expectations that the French have of their own restaurants. Aix-en-Provence, in the South of France, is a small city that can be viewed as a college town, since there is a well known university there.  Aix is a short train commute from Marseilles on the Mediterranean coast.  People in Aix and Marseilles value and expect good food, but rarely dine at Michelin three star restaurants.  They don't need to.  They have many really good restaurants.  Unfortunately in the US there is a tendency to view French restaurants as pretentious and expensive.  Aixois has brought to Kansas City the sophisticated food that the French in the Cote d'Azur expect when they go out to dinner themselves.The chef, Emmanuel Langlade, was the sous chef at Chez Nous in Austin, Texas, in an exceptional location in the center of the Sixth Street nightlife area of that city, before he moved to Kansas City as a partner in Cafe Des Amis in Parkville, north of the river.  He now is owner and chef, with his wife Megan, at Aixois.  During the eight years that I lived in Austin, Chez Nous was one of my least favorite restaurants.  To my way of thinking, it was exactly what a French restaurant should not be.  But Chef Langlade is from Aix-en-Provence in the South of France, was trained in Marseille, and has also worked in Britain, Paris, and Washington, DC. Now that he has his own restaurant and is not just a sous chef, we can see what he really can do; and he and his wife are doing it right.This is not an upscale "fine dining" restaurant, but if you really want to spend big bucks on French fine dining, you'll do better in France or Belgium.  In the US, you will spend three times as much as at Aixois on a French fine dining experience, and it won't match what you would experience in a MIchelin two star restaurant in France or Belgium, never mind a three star.  I am ranking this restaurant five stars relative to its prices.  In contrast, I would not give five Yelp stars to many French fine-dining restaurants in the US, except for three or four very expensive ones in some of the country's largest cities.  You might prefer to save that money towards an airline ticket to France.One thing that I'd like to see added to the menu is bouillabaisse in the Marseilles style, which is the best in the world, and is the only authentic bouillabaisse.  In fact, it started in Marseilles.  No, it is not a premixed fish soup in chicken broth (groan), as at almost all American restaurants that serve it.  In Marseilles the fish and shellfish are served on a separate platter, while the correct broth is served in a bowl with rounds of bread spread with rouille.  Sometimes the rouille also is served separately.  The real thing is an experience never to be forgotten.This chef would know how to do it right.
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2010,5/13/2011,29,39,2,7,2>Having lived in KC for over 10 years, I've been to the Westport Flea Market more times than I can count.  Back in the late 90's, I would frequent the flea market booths without ever venturing into the bar.  I always heard the burgers were awesome but for some reason never gave them a try.  When I finally did, I was fully impressed.  Whenever I feel like a good greasy burger, the Flea Market is usually where I go.Last weekend we finally took some out-of-towners here, and they agreed the burgers were pretty darned good, though I think the ordering procedure confused them a bit.  I think it confused me on my first visit, too.  I got my usual Mini Market (medium rare) with Swiss cheese and mushrooms, curly fries on the side, and was pleased as usual.  SO decided to try the Philly, which he said was pretty good.  Personally, I've never had a bad meal or a bad burger at the Flea Market, but burgers are (much like pizza) one of those subjective things--not everyone likes them the same way.  I'm not sure if it's the meat they get from McGonigle's or if it's the well-seasoned grill, but their burgers really hit my sweet spot.  Not sure if it's the best burger in town, but definitely one of my Top 3.As far as service goes, yeah, it's not amazing.  It's about what you'd expect at any dive, with cocktail waitresses who are sometimes friendly and attentive...and sometimes not.  It's kinda grubby, but I guess I'm sorta punk-rock and have a high tolerance for that stuff.Regarding the flea market portion, it's clearly been scaled back in recent years and is not the same weird, wonderful place it once was.  I think I stopped visiting after the guy I used to buy old photos from left.  There are probably still a few interesting bits of antiques and junk, but there are far better places in town to scour for that stuff.  Shame really.Anyway, if you're looking for a great burger and bar in KC, I definitely recommend giving the Westport Flea Market a try.
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2011,5/12/2011,74,1211,6,8,4>Well... I am not too sure. I mean "Eden Alley."  ???  OK.   It IS entered through an alley. It IS in the basement of the Unity Temple.And it IS, well, vegetarian. So I am having fun with the name.  : )Vegetarian is not a foreign concept to me. I am the ultimate omnivore, after all. I OD on meat regularly... like the past 24hrs. Those of you who have not OD'd on protein should try it. Not pleasant, but not fatal. I give free lessons, although it is quite embarrassing. : )So Eden Alley is a great road to recovery from protein gluttony. Now, I did arrive with the recommendation of a fellow Yelper who I adore and trust on matters of gastronomy... especially vegetarian. So I knew it would be good. It, in fact was spectacular.Location. 5-stars. Never had a bad meal in a church. Period. The food is, shall I say it... blessed.Service. 329-stars. : ) Team effort. Super friendly yet not overbearing. Willing to make recommendations and up sells you without making you feel like you have to buy. Just the way I like it. Do the job, with a smile, and let your own personality shine a little.Food. Let me start at the start. The bread they bring out with veggie butter is obviously homemade and you are obviously smoking crack if you don't suck the crumbs off the plate and risk choking. It is delicious, but it turns stale quick so eat quick!The iced-tea was an aromatic rush. Like sipping an exotic plant that has being liquefied. Don't you DARE sugar it without tasting it first! Superb... and they will refill a bio-friendly to-go cup for you to take with you at the end of the meal. The entrée of Loaf and Taters was a full-blown mouth party. The Loaf [refers to meatless loaf I suppose] was scooped out twice in baseball portions. Plenty of food. There was spinach and whole grains and some other yum-bits for flavor. They were surrounded by a moat of thin [but flavorful] mashed taters. The whole plate was given a drizzle-pour of sweet potato gravy. The gravy was an epiphany. I was eating in a church, remember?  : )   Anyway, the honey and wild yeasts used in it really added amazing complexity to the gravy. I used the aforementioned bread to get every. last. d r  o   p. My tab, before tip was $17. Steep? Sure, but good food, all organics, and all homemade, costs money, honey. Of course, it was even more spendy because I had to tip based on the stellar service. No bother... it was well spent.This is a unique place in all aspects and I would take out-of-towners here. It is on the Plaza, too. Hard to go wrong.
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,5/11/2011,43,55,7,9,4>I had a pretty awful (and well-documented on Yelp) experience with the first salon I visited after moving to KC. Thanks to the recommendation of a co-worker and like ninety billion people on Twitter, I made an appointment at Belle Epoque. It's no secret that I love wine, so when I was handed a glass as soon as I walked in, I was a happy camper. My first appointment was with Brent, who was amazing and funny and gave me a fantastic haircut. But then Brent moved away. *sob* Thankfully, a good friend and fellow KC newbie had also visited the salon and had a great experience with Adrienne. So I made my next appointment with her and was not disappointed. I was slightly nervous because I went for highlights after a long bleach-free drought, but Adrienne made me just the right amount of blonde and kept it really natural (per my request). My haircut was excellent, plus she was easy to chat with. I also happened to be sitting next to Brodie Croyle who was getting his coiff tamed. I had no idea who he was (I suffer from sports apathy) but found it hilarious once I was filled in. Especially since the greater Kansas City area seems to hate him. In conclusion: great salon, lovely stylists, excellent haircuts and color, random Chiefs players and wine. The end.
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2010,5/10/2011,106,152,2,4,3>So this salon used to be on 39th Street in a really cool eclectic building. I drove by it a number of times but never stopped in.Earlier this year I was referred here by a co-worker of mine who boasted highly of their color skills. After many boxes of do-it-yourself hair dye my hair was in need of repair. I looked up the phone number and address for the new location to set up an eyebrow wax and a color consultation and was available to immediately get in. After the color consultation I was very pleased with what she suggested so I made an appointment.My appointment was today and we blocked out three hours to do my color fix. My stylist was on time and we got started immediately. She was quick and didn't try to engage me too much in conversation which I appreciated because I was trying to catch up on some reading.All in all my stylist HIlary did an awesome job! My color looks natural, my hair looks healthier and it only took two hours so I had another hour to spare. Oh and the price was amazing for the amount of work that she did. I am sold and will be going back!
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2011,5/9/2011,67,229,1,3,5>Home run, touchdown, goal! I finally found an excellent Thai restaurant here in KC. This is the 2nd best Thai I've ever had, the best being Arun's in Chicago, which is like a 12 course extravaganza of food and art and in its own category. I loved everything about this place, from the interior to the service to the food. Some highlights for me were the volcano soup, replete with aromatic herbs and seasonings like kaffir lime leaves, lemongrass and galangal. This soup is so tangy and refreshing and citrusy and herbal it blew me away. This would be the perfect elixir if you were sick. I also loved the spring rolls and pork dumplings. The mother in law beef and Singapore noodles were both delicious. I loaded up the Singapore noodles with all sorts of peppers, sauces and spices in the little caddy they offered (I like it HOT) and the noodles were the perfect vehicle for the heat. I took some leftovers home for lunch and reheated them the next day. So good! Can't wait to go back. I want some more of that volcano soup!
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2011,5/8/2011,30,97,2,5,2>Fresh Ingredients, Great Sides and Excellent Meat choices make this place an absolute winner.  The concept is very original and something i would like for other concept restaurants. Each plate is weighed and the cost is about 8.50 a pound.  We had two full plates of food and two drinks and it ran us about 23 bucks, i thought this was a very fair price for very good food.The only con about this place is the location, this place is all the way up by the airport,  but this will be my new regular airport stop from now on.
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2011,5/7/2011,36,58,,5,3>I've been going to Emily for a few years now, and since she continues to "rock my hair out", I followed her when she moved over to the new Hairpins salon.  What a cute place!  It's a small, quaint, yet hip and comfortable space, with chandeliers, calming colors on the walls, and a friendly ambiance.  They use Bumble and Bumble products, which are amazing and smell even better.  Definitely check it out, and especially if you have wavy/curly tresses, ask for Emily Chapman!  I'm always satisfied with my cut, and she really listens to what you want your hair to do!
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2010,5/6/2011,38,50,,4,4>I saw this in the Star this morning.  I had driven by this place many times in the past.Glad I went.The tacos were spectacular.  I haven't had tacos that good since the last time I went to Mexico.  The Asada was excellent, but the Pastor is off the charts great.I left out some good info that was in the star review.  Here it is:They come as two soft, freshly pressed and grilled corn tortillas, sitting flat and topped with a choice of meat. They mix the meal and hand-turn the tortillas before grilling.You dress the tacos yourself with fresh cilantro, onion, pico de gallo and lemon wedges, all of which arrive for your table in small bowlsRead more: kansascity.com/2010/04/2.Watch out for parking.  You pretty much have to park on Minnesota Ave. the main drag in downtown KCK.  Watch out as they are serious about tickets there.   Don't stay there beyond the posted time on that sign.So affordable too.  I am going to try the cheese-and-onion stuffed poblano next time.
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2011,5/5/2011,24,132,2,4,3>Happy Gillis Cafe and Hangout made me feel so happy!  It was a great experience with delightful staff, a fantastic sandwich and terrific location.  I really can't add anything to the reviews here that have not been said before, I will definitely return again.Oh, my husband could not stop raving about the stewed tomatoes on his BLT.  He kept going on and on about them through the entire meal with a crazy little smile on his face as he ate.  See, it makes you happy.
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2011,5/3/2011,46,405,2,9,2>Marco Polo's is a great Italian market and deli in the spirit of old-world Italian markets that you might find on the streets of Florence, Naples or Taormina...  The dishes are simply prepared with high quality ingredients...  Not everything here is 100% authentic but you can be assured that whatever your order will be tasty...  Jasper's is the upscale brother restaurant that shares the kitchen with Marco Polo...  For the most part, the simple dishes are exactly the same whether you order at Jasper's or Marco Polo's.  The low-end stuff won't be on the Jasper's menu (sandwiches, pizza) and the high-end stuff won't be served at Marco Polo's (seafood, steaks)....My short list of favorites:- Italian sausage on a hoagie roll with grilled peppers and potatoes - The same guy has been working the outdoor grill at Marco Polo's for at least 15 years, probably longer.  Rain, Snow or sunshine this man is grilling up sausages on the grill...  He always wears his chef uniform, never a coat, no matter how cold it is outside!  These tasty creations are only about $3 each and are THE reason to stop by for lunch!- Meatball Sandwich - They call this the Gondola sandwich at Marco Polo and it is arguably the best mb sandwich in the city... for $6 you can't go wrong...- Steak Parmesan Sandwich - They call this the venetian, breaded steak on a hoagie roll with grilled onions and the house tomato sugo sauce...  Another $6 wonder!- Pasta - order up any of the pasta's and they are pretty much identical to the dish served up on the Jasper's side restaurant....  Very good for about $7.  - Desserts - All of the great desserts that you can order at Jasper's can be ordered at Marco Polo's to eat in the market or to take home... The strawberry Borghese cake is my favorite and I've also seen my dining companions enjoy the tiramisu, tartuffo and cheesecake...You can also stop into Marco Polo's to order up sausages and other ingredients to prepare at home...  I always buy my italian sausages for summer backyard bbq's at Marco Polo's...
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2010,5/2/2011,184,189,1,6,4>******* Update at the end of the review **********There is a certain quality that a bar must have that will keep people coming back over time. It might be great service, cold beer, great music, a fun space, or a great location. The best part about the Union of Westport is..... they have all of these qualities.The recently revamped space that long held the Westport institution Blaney's is now the Union. The space has been cleaned up and made much more inviting, the space is much more conducive to drinking and having a great time.The game area has The Simpsons, a crude version of Big Buck Hunter, Bowling, Air Hockey, and an 80's multi-game arcade machine. Overall this is a big draw because there is nothing better than being able to pump quarters in arcade games that take the average drinker back to childhood. The only downside is the pool table aren't great here, hopefully they change them out soon.The bar is wide open and well kept, the upstairs is intimate and well layed out. The basement bar is long and deep, this location will be great once the crowds start to come in, it should give Kelly's a run for it's money.The bartenders are quick and friendly, the pours are heavy and the beer is cold. The Guinness out of the tap is delicious and goes down way too easy. ** The pool tables have been fixed and are FREE!!!! I'm sold for life, keep up the good work.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2011,5/1/2011,20,44,4,5,4>Three words:  Cha Su Buns.  Oh my lords.  I'll get back to them, but, wow.My friend, being incredibly sheltered from world cuisine (she's from some pasture in Oklahoma from what I understand), was super excited after I told her about the 39th & State Line restaurants.  In fact I think my description of this great little nook of Kansas City was what sold her on visiting.  I've been to Jazz and Friends Sushi nearby and love the vibe of this bit of 39th.  We checked out the menu on the window (sorry to the young couple sitting on the other side... I really wasn't staring at you!) and were a little surprised to see what looked like a bunch of Americanized Chinese dishes.  But, we saw what we really wanted: dumplings.  They're all tucked away in the appetizer menu, but we were not discouraged and headed in.I'd been on the hunt for bubble tea, just really to find out what it is as I'd never had it.  We tried it, the pineapple flavored.  Overall we were unimpressed.  She took a drink, and with my prodding a second in which she sucked up some bubble balls (haha) which brought out the "I didn't like THAT!" face.  I tried it too, and after a while didn't mind it so much.  My western mouth just isn't used to the consistency of little chewy balls sneaking in.  I wish I'd opted for hot tea instead (they had what looked like a good selection).We ordered a little randomly, a little with the help of our waitress (who was super helpful, by the way).  Traditional Steamed Dumplings (pork), Cha Su Buns, and Jade Dumplings.  We dug in to the jade dumplings, tiny little light, and understandably green, dumplings, that we both enjoyed.  The flavor was super light, and I love that slightly rubbery texture of properly steamed dumplings.  Next were the Cha Su Buns.  Oh. My. Lords.  These were awesome.  You know, I love watching Asian movies, Hong Kong, Japanese, Korean, and many times in my life I've seen these tasty looking little buns get devoured on screen, and always wanted to try one variety or another.  These were amazing.  The breaded texture was out of this world, with savory and sweet roasted pork inside.  These rapidly were lifted to one of my favorite tastes ever.  Top ten foods?  I'm still debating and rearranging my list.  But my friend and I took a bite at the same time and our eyes locked in food bliss.  One of those cosmic moments when one or two of your senses have a joygasm.Last were the traditional steamed dumplings which were quite good, but I felt bad for, as they had to follow the cha su buns.  Again, the soft and delicate dumpling wrappings were spot on, and the insides were delicious and piping hot.I can't wait to return, though I need a suitable companion first, as my friend returned to her pasture in Oklahoma.  I'm considering a care package of cha su buns.
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2010,4/30/2011,126,262,,6,3>I am so glad Kc has a place to buy rockabilly/pin-up clothing and accessories. With that said, pretty much any woman would find something in here, not just a certain type. The walls are adorned with great artwork and I want to come back for a pin-up photo shoot and a piece of art. This is a place to go if you just want to spend a few $ and get some cool stuff, so good place to spend $10. I left the store with an entire bag of accessories for $25. They also have pin-up dresses and clothes from about size 0 to 26 and a large selection of heels. I believe their shoes aren't carried at any other stores around town. Good place to make regular stops to see what's new and prices are about the same as Forever 21.
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,4/29/2011,23,76,4,9,5>My favorite KC area restaurant.  Even if you're not into Austrian food, the cocktail offerings are top notch.  My favorite is "Der Schmutzige" which is a twist on a dirty martini.  Each of the savory flavors balance perfectly.  As for the more substantial offerings on the menu, it's hard to go wrong.  The sausage platters allow you to mix and match different types of wurst and come with amazing mashed potatoes and the best cooked red cabbage I've ever tasted.  Please don't tell my Grandma.  The schnitzel is always great, and the specials have yet to disappoint.  The thing I appreciate most about the Grunauer is the lack of kitsch.  Servers will not be found in dirndls or lederhosen, which, to me, says the food can stand alone.  There is an Oktoberfest celebration in the fall when said articles of clothing make appearances and that's okay with me.  If you can't get behind and Oktoberfest celebration, you're pretty much dead inside.
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2011,4/28/2011,113,57,8,7,6>This place is basically like a Maneki Neko cat beckoning you with the best crack around; the difference is the crack here is crab ran goons and hot and sour soup. This becomes apparent as it teases you at first and then abrasively lights up your curiosity, making you always come back for a fix and maybe even involve talking to yourself nervously with a slight twitch in your walk (jk).  Located right off Broadway across from some theatre, you can't help but stumble into this spiraling world of Asian ecstasy (Note: There are no drugs here, just food and drink). It feels like a small dimly lit room which may confuse you for a hookah den somewhere in the burrows of San Francisco. As I sat for a moment, I personally felt besieged by modern Feng Shui and crimson light fixtures hanging from the ceiling which made this actually feel more like a cozy oriental dwelling with booths. Once you get through that revelation, you'll likely find yourself in an emotionally charged, yet soothing ambience.Peking is basically run by one highly energized, yet radical lady named Heidi who won't put with your shit, in a nice way. So don't mess around or play stupid when she asks you a question. My advice would be to let her lead you into the promise land, which will inevitably start with an energizing soda in a can which you pour into a chalice and subsequently, anything you choose on the menu. You'll need the energy of the mysterious beverage for what's next. I went with crab ran goons stuffed with what seemed to be mozzarella (A+) and hot and sour or egg drop soup (A). Since it's nearly impossible to order the "wrong thing" at this place, enjoy a nice helping of whatever it is you decide on with or without broccoli. The general tso's chicken is definitely high up on my list, but don't sleep on the lo mein noodles. Condiments exist here as well, but the hot mustard felt like somoene lit gasoline in my nasal channel for around 5 minutes (recommended if you have a sinus infection). The cook seems to get yelled at a lot in the back room but what warrior isn't great without a crazy leader?In other words this establishment is awesome and the price is cool too. The only bad part about this place is you may have both dreams and nightmares about your experience, but the nightmares are still pretty cool. Note: I wouldn't recommend drinking excessive alcohol prior to this particular experience. AND KIDS DON'T DO DRUGS DO CRAB RANGOON.
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2010,4/27/2011,70,56,5,5,2>I'm in love and I'm not afraid to tell the world about it! That's right, I've met the sandwich of my dreams!  It's name- the short rib, "smoked gouda, caramelized onion, oven-dried tomato, arugula & horseradish aioli on grilled sourdough", it had me at smoked gouda.  I was so in love after the first bite that I had to come back a week later and although tempted by the special of the day, cornflake fried chicken w/ mashed potatoes and gravy, I found I could not cheat on my new love. So when the short rib sandwich came to my table after a ridiculously short wait and it was just as amazing as I remembered, I knew this was true love.  Expect a save the date card in the mail any day now.
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2010,4/26/2011,101,281,2,10,5>This bar is now one of my favorite hangouts.  It's the kind of place you can go and not be stared at by creepy men when you're with your girlfriend.  It's also the kind of bar where there's all kinds of gay people but little drama.  For those of you in the community, I think you know what I mean!  Chiefs game days are always fun at Out A Bounds.  They usually pass out free shots when a touchdown is made.  There are plenty of TVs here, and the bar staff are always willing to change the channel if a game you want to see is on.  I never have to wait very long to be served a drink here either.  Beer is decently priced and they aren't stingy with their mixed drinks.The food leaves a bit to be desired, as it is simple bar food.  There aren't a lot of vegetarian options available either.  However, the atmosphere here is such that you don't really care so much about the food because you'll likely be having a good time.  There is always something going on here from karaoke, trivia, or Texas Hold 'Em.  This is the kind of place you can go and have a few drinks, relax, and watch a game without any problems.  I like that.
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,4/24/2011,189,280,5,6,7>WELL!I do volunteer work for a non profit whose offices are across the street from Genessee Royale Bistro. I'd been hearing good things about the small little cafe opening across Genessee for quite a while and could NOT wait to try it out. When I found out the same people from Happy Gillis were the brains behind GRB I became *soveryexcited*Roommate placed dining at GRB on her "Things to do Before Erin leaves KC Bucket List" and today we crossed that sucker off. A more perfect lunch, I cannot imagine.We snagged one of 2 available open tables a little after noon. There are only about 9 tables in the place, along with four chairs around a coffee table and the bar seats. The space has awesome light coming in from their big windows, and the walls are decorated with antique frames, mirrors and wrought-iron whimsy.Our server was an older lady who was helpful, answered all our questions and was straight up hilarious. Although we walked in to see two girls being served an amazing looking omelet and an egg and cheese sandwich adorned by a salad (I like that breakfasty items are still available on the lunch menu), roommate settled on a bowl of the French Onion soup and I opted for the vegetable tartine. Garlicky, buttery pieces of toast were topped with luscious caramelized onions, goat cheese, walnut pieces and a mixed green salad which was lightly dressed with what I believe our server said was their homemade champagne vinaigrette. OMG. TDF. We heard our gal describing the pie of the day, banoffee, to the table next to us and HAD to get our own piece. The caramel-y, chewy graham cracker crust held the bananas, whipped cream and coffee sauce and was topped with a cinnamon crusted dried banana slice. WORDS CANNOT EXPLAIN. She also let us in on the secret that most Saturdays, the pie of the day is a peanut butter/chocolate concoction that is apparently amazing. Twist my arm.Several tables in the place had lunch cocktails in front of them...beers, champagne, mimosas, bloody marys (I'm not a huge fan but if you are...GET IT! Lime, lemon, cocktail onion, pickles and cucumber slices adorn your bloody...gotta love drinks with snacks)...this is just a place where you can have a lunchtime drink or two and just hang out and enjoy your meal.I love this place. Love. I already know I am going to miss it dearly when I move. Until then, many more lunches (and breakfasts!) are on the horizon!
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2011,4/23/2011,366,998,3,5,3>This review is based only on the Beef Stew with handmade noodles.I came here after shooting a commercial (not done yet) which will be entered in a contest.  It was wayyy off-hours because it was around 2:20pm.  There was nobody inside so that's why I'm only reviewing the Beef Stew with handmade noodles ($8.95).  I can tell you that if you want to come here at 2:20pm, then you'll be the only one here.The interior had dim lighting and there was maybe a salad bar or buffet cart thing in towards the back.  There was nothing on it though so I don't know what it was for.  The Beef Stew with handmade noodles came out and I began to eat.  I had the option of spicy or not spicy so I picked not spicy.  I loved the handmade noodles here!  The meat was pretty good as well as the vegetables inside (I forgot the exact name for them).  The soup was pretty tasty as well.I didn't really look at the menu because I usually check to see if there's some kind of beef noodle soup. lolI'll have to come back to try other things on their menu and to come during normal lunch hours for everybody else.
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2010,4/22/2011,202,441,3,6,4>Siki was my very first experience with sushi (about a year ago) and ever since then I've never been more fond of fish. You would never imagine the place was open just by looking at the outside of the building. Siki is a lonesome building, next to a car dealership, the the windows are boarded up. The place seems deserted. But inside there is sushi magic happening! Eat at the bar or sit at a table with beautiful flowers, Siki is the perfect place for a date. The food is fresh and served quickly. The staff is very friendly. They always laugh amongst themselves when I ask for their handicapped chopsticks (chopsticks with a rubber band). "ha ha...Silly American girl can't eat with real chopsticks..." their laughs translate. But, oh well, they serve up some awesome sushi, so it's all good. You must check out their drink menu. The alcoholic selection is extensive and the names of their drinks are very amusing. (I would give examples, but its been awhile). Their lobster sushi is a must try! Overall, Siki may look dead from the outside, but inside there are some great things happening!
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,4/21/2011,45,81,3,4,3>I wasn't sure I'd ever have a reason to go to shop at Nigro's but when my brother came into town & decided he wanted to go see the Professional Bull Riders Rodeo I suddenly did.  He wanted a cowboy hat to go to this cowboy event & I knew Nigro's was the place to go.  My brother, who has not owned a pair of jeans for 10+ years (fancy pants) got himself some Levi's & Wranglers + a stunning Stetson hat that they helped him fit to perfection.  His pal also found a perfect cowboy hat too.  They will steam it at the counter upon request if you want a little dip in the lid or anything about the shape of hat tweaked. Since I was joining them at the rodeo also I picked up a western shirt. There was a large variety to select from and I found one w/ modern design & some flare that fit my style  Nigros has lots of boots, hat, jeans, belts, buckles like you would expect but also some trendy clothing for women, jewelry, great leather care items for your shoes & boots.  Honest prices & good sales on many items. What struck me most about shopping at Nigro's was the superb service we received.  From every single employee.  They listened to our needs, offered a variety of items, were experts on design/quality/fit, were attentive but not overly & everyone was down right truly charming - not in a fake way to make sales.  It's a shame that good service from a store "sticks out" now because it has become so rare in my opinion. Nigro's sets the bar high & delivers excellent customer service.
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2010,4/20/2011,553,763,2,6,4>I have been here on First Friday's, but recently I came here for a jewelry class from a resident artist.The class was great and I thought it was cool that all the artist's had community access to some expensive equipment and tools that they might not be able to access otherwise.Basically, artist's rent out small spaces upstairs and have the opportunity to show their work to an audience or just have a space to create their work.  Unfortunately, it is also rented out as an event space, which must be maddening for the artist's that want to work on weekends or eavenings.  I was there while one wedding band was rehearsing and it was pretty unbearable to concentrate on creating a jewelry piece.  Walls are very thin.Great concept!
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/25/2011,4/19/2011,728,115,11,9,6>My favorite kind of bartender is an older woman.  A woman who has been weathered by the years on her feet, a woman whose voice reflects the years of chain smoking Pall Malls.  You can find her at Minsky's.  Visiting here post St. Patty's debauchery aforementioned hoarse elder was hustling around the stuffy joint.  The door was propped open so the fleet of staggering "Irish-for-a-day" crew provided occasional entertainment.  Sliding us a pitcher of luke-warm light domestic beer she started to share the war stories of the day.  "Do ya want to change the TV?  I made that mistake earlier and middle of a packed house I look up and there's Cher on the TV.  FUCKING CHER ON MY TV!"  Fully aware of what not to watch we ordered cheese sticks to start, a sandwich for the lad and my standard fool proof mushroom and black olive.Sitting at the bar and chowing on some cheesey carbs our  dive bar attendant returned with out food and began scowling at the table with poorly behaved children behind us.  Mixing some cranberry with soda and garnishing she shouted "I'm not quite sure how I feel about the childs faux cocktail..."  For the breakdown:Cheese sticks - are nearly impossible to screw up so they were good.  Next to boiling water this is second my list of "kitchen tasks I can complete at home"Minsky's sub - disappeared with lightning speed, when asked, my dining companion acknowledged the quality while still chewing.Shroom and olives - I love the wheat crust, something makes me feel less guilty about the crispy nature of it.Beer pitchers - while cheap, not recommended.  Luke warm.  Meh.At the end I whipped out a coupon I'd ganked from my mom's "Entertainment" Coupon book...even though it says Minsky's, any Minsky's the hard faced woman refused to deduct the whopping $5.00 from our handwritten $42 something tab.  Kind of annoying, however I will overlook it so I am not the next customer she's bitching about.
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2010,4/18/2011,28,132,,17,6>I just finished my burger, fries, and shake just now.  Tasty.  There wasn't anyone else there when I was, but a conversation with the owner told me that they had been busy all day.  So good for them.  You can get a burger and side for $5.00 (which includes tax).  Double for $6.00.  Hot dog and side for $5.00.  A side of french fries or onion rings is $2.00. Shakes and floats are $3.00.  Drinks are $1.00.  They have some sort of veggie burger too, but I don't remember how much.  So prices are very reasonable.  After my burger was done, it was loaded with onion rings.  A LOT of onion rings.  They weren't being shy.  The onion rings were good, but didn't totally want to stay together when dipping them in my condiment of choice.  The service was great.  The owner was nice.  He made my shake and then asked if I wanted to start on it, or if I'd like him to put it in the freezer for when my burger was ready.  Since I was taking mine to go, I opted for the freezer.  He thanked me for coming in, and we got to talking about getting produce from the farmers' market and the struggles with finding organic buns that weren't totally expensive or hard as rocks.  He was funny and nice.  The place was decorated like a 50s style shake shop, with only counter seating inside.  There were many ecclectic posters.  I had plenty of time to scope out the place, since they were cooking my burger fresh.So stop on by.  It's a nice little place, and it's always nice to support the local guys.
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2011,4/17/2011,28,47,2,6,4>Yeah, another white girl who grew up in the Midwest writing about something she doesn't know anything about...authentic Chinese food.  I cannot vouch for the authenticity of this place, but if the food is good, does it really matter?  I say not.  On my most recent visit we had the salt and pepper fish (Yum!) and a shrimp dish with quail egg mayo (I grew a second stomach to finish this!)  Only two of us had lunch, but this was enough for four adults.  The food was really good; the service attentive and; the store was clean.  The menu is in English and I believe Cantonese.  The specials posted on the wall are in Cantonese only.  Although ABC café is in the middle of Caucasian County...uh-hem, I mean Johnson County, every time I have eaten here, there have been a number of Asians eating here too, which is a good sign to me.
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2010,4/16/2011,89,150,8,4,3>There are plenty of great reviews to try to convince you that glace is Delicious, and they aren't kidding.Glace is probably one of the best ice cream places in the United States/World, I'm sure Christopher Elbow is out there getting a kick out of this. This man a is some sort of desert magician, I think he places love spells on his creations, to keep you coming back. You'd think I say I'm thankful it's only 3 blocks from my house, but instead I'm telling you, damm... why does it have to be so close,so tempting, so deliciously evil. If this place was in human or walking dead form, it be a freaking vampire, seducing you and drawing you into it's front doors. Oh Christopher Elbow I know what your up to, you and your crazy Ice cream Vodoo. Thank God I have a 24/hr gym membership, if not so, how else would I lose all the awesome calories consumed from your delicious incomparable creations.
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2011,4/15/2011,57,268,1,12,4>Images of clothes with holes, stains, tears, worn fabric strewn haphazardly around a store is usually what comes to mind when I think of second hand shops.  Far too many of these stores offer goods that don't suit my style as I gravitate more toward the modern and trendy.  They also invoke my allergies to flare up from the dust that has accumulated.  Promptly banish all of these preconceived notions as none of that is the case at Clothz Minded!The owner is particular about the brands and quality of the clothes that she sells.  If there's even the slightest stain or smallest hole, she won't purchase it from you.  Her keen eye ensures that all of the clothes are gently worn only and up-to-date with current trends.  Some brands I've seen here include the familiar J Crew, Banana Republic, Seven for Mankind, Citizens of Humanity, and Fendi as examples.  I've also spotted designer brands from other countries that I have never heard of.I have been inside of the store several times and enjoy the aesthetics throughout - everything from the window display, the hardwood floors, lighting, to the logical arrangement of the product (men's on the right, women's in the center and left, maternity/children's in the back, and shoes/accessories lined on the back wall).  If you didn't know better, you would think you were inside of a hip boutique shop that sells new items.Upon our first visit, my fiancee purchased an Express pin-striped suit blazer that fit him remarkably well for a mere $35.  A new one from the store would easily run $200.  On subsequent visits, I've cleaned out my closet and hauled in the clothes that I couldn't imagine donating especially the ones that still had the price tag on them.  The trade-in value is better here than at Plato's Closet or Buffalo Exchange - there's not one of these in KC but the last time I sold clothes was to this place.  For the same amount of items Clothz Minded accepted, I only got about $16 back in cash there.  Here I walked out with about $20 and an edgy zippered denim jacket that I must wear soon.Go do some spring cleaning and sell or trade your clothes here!
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2011,4/14/2011,255,475,5,7,9>So I work down the street from here and never even know this little gem existed until my co-workers and I were wondering the hood after work one day. A cute little sign at the end of a random little strip mall at the edge of Westport caught my attention: ice cream! For being located in a strip-mall of sorts, the diner-like interior kind of surprised me. Two LARGE cases of ice cream in the big ole' cardboard bucket things greeted me happily behind a HUGE menu of all they offer -- tons of ice cream, soft serve, low-fat, sundaes, hot foods, cookies, sweets, teas, hot and cold drinks, etc! My Muslim co-worker who is on a very particular diet even found something to suit her fancy. After trying several flavors (all very exciting though not as exotic as Glace, which is fine by me) I started off with pumpkin ice cream in a waffle bowl - and though it was nearly $5, it was worth every penny. Lots of seating inside and WiFi, too, which means that you can take a book with you and snuggle up with it for hours, or share some laughs with a larger group at a table for 6, too. One day between meetings, I was in desperate need of ice cream (you know, one of THOSE days). I bolted down the street to see if Murray's could save me from Sugarless Land. Ordered a small carrot-cake ice cream ($3ish). Holy goodness did that stuff hit the spot - thick, sweet ice cream with real bits of carrots and carrot-cake pieces. Wish I ordered a bigger one, because I was nearly done with it before I made it back to my office. Because this place is so hot, they cool down for the winter and take a hiatus between December and... Spring (?). But that means that they sell pints of their ice cream at a huge discount before closing up shop the first weekend of Decembuuur. If only I had one of those industrial sized freezers in my basement...
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2010,4/13/2011,339,655,3,12,7>Did you know that 1 out of every 6 outer garments was manufactured in Kansas City during the Post War period?Why don't you drop by this FREE (donations accepted) Museum? Meet some EAGER SENIOR volunteers who will share their rich personal history with you along with the history of the KC Garment District.You'll see actual garments made within the last 100 years displayed. You'd be surprised that what GRANNY wore in her younger dates may be considered fashionable today. I know several of you are fans of VINTAGE clothing.I thoroughly enjoyed looking at the photos & maps of downtown and comparing it to today. There are no large signs on the outside to let you know it's there. It's a HIDDEN GEM! Of note, it's only Open on Thursdays unless by appointment (there was a 50 person bus tour yesterday). If the door is closed, please knock. Say hello to Anne and Susanne for us! It was a pleasant visit and I think they enjoy the company. We learned a lot about downtown life outside of the Theme of the museum. 1 hour should be plenty to see everything.
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,4/12/2011,138,90,3,9,4>When the snow piled up on our cars, we decided a better course of action was just to bundle up and take a walk down west 39th. Before which, of course, we consulted Yelp and found Thomas had great ratings. We'd never been (which is still blowing my mind) or even really heard about it, but I saw a fried green tomato BLT on the menu and was sold. Mark was in the mood for a grilled cheese sandwich and there's reportedly was served with tomato soup...it all just sounded like it'd hit the spot.I guess you can tell by my 5-star rating that it delivered in every respect. Being such a snowy weekday, we were pleased to see they were still open, and we were their only visitors. The waiter was just as pleasant and unfazed as if he had been raking in bucks all day and seated us at the warmest table in the house.He suggested I add avocado and a fried egg to the BLT, i opted for the avo and no cheese, and was absolutely bowled over by the results. Something just happens with that fried exterior on the tomatoes and the avocado. I was in heaven. I, too, had a bowl of tomato soup because they were out of cottage cheese (Mark's grilled cheese was also fantastic, I should mention), and he didn't even charge me extra. That's refreshing after a few places nickel and diming me. My response is always to tip bigger when someone grants me that courtesy.All around fantastic, and we can't wait to go back.
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,4/11/2011,80,254,2,5,5>I have been going to Grinders for years, I just now realized I have never written a review. Grinders is a great place to go, anytime. The food is consistently good, and you will fit right in if you come right after work, before a kickball game, or even when you are dressed to impress on a summer's first Friday.  I really think you could get away with wearing anything here; it's that diverse and eclectic.  So anyway, the food... as mentioned above, it's always good, no matter what you order. Tator tots with cheese and a beer is a great start to a great dining experience at Grinders. The pizzas are great, and their sandwiches are delicious and filling. Their mimosas (Saturday morning 2$) are fantastic. They even have delicious salads. I love coming here in the summer or fall when it's nice enough to sit outside. Grinders is great, the only reason they don't earn 5 stars is because service has never been as great as the food. We have a standing "joke" in our group of frequent Grinders diners... we go for the food, not the service...
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2010,4/10/2011,112,59,6,6,5>The men (and women) of Longboards are the masters of creating a wrap out of an entree that is not a wrap. Chicken Teriyaki? They've got a wrap for that.Sushi?The've got a wrap for that.Frito Chili Pie?They've got a wrap for that.BJ Penn, legendary 155 lb. UFC fighter?They've even had a wrap as a tribute to him.Not everything is a wrap though. They have rice bowls, as well as my FAVORITE thing on the menu, King Hawaiian Sliders. Take 6 Hawaiian bread slider buns, and top them with pulled pork, chicken and surimi crab. Next, choose peanut sauce (my pick) or ranch. Top with cheese, then, watch as they put the whole thing in the panini press, giving the tops of the buns some grill marks and melting the cheese. Then, tell me if that's not AS GOOD as any other comfort food out there.This place is not expensive, the food is high quality, the service is fast and friendly even when they are packed, and you can enjoy the sounds of Sublime or Bob Marley as you munch on your wrap and gaze at the surf boards on the walls. It's like a vacation for your mouth, without the cost of a flight. GO TO LONGBOARDS!
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2010,4/9/2011,261,200,3,10,14>Let's just get it out of the way. This is a revolving restaurant & lounge still operating and popular in 2010. Isn't that worth at least 4 stars alone?!?! How many cities in the world seriously still operate a novelty, revolving restaurant where there's a grandfatherly piano player that takes requests? It is a 70s/early 80s flashback for baby boomers and a nostalgia orgasm for later generations. When my nostalgia-obsessed friend initially requested a visit for a night of cocktails I was more than a little hesitant. What if it's stale? What if it's depressing? What if it feels like we're on a date? What if there's nowhere to sit? What if it's too expensive to drink there for more than a couple rounds? It turns out all my "what ifs" were rather ridiculous. We were at Skies for at least 3 hours and my bar tab was $28. I've spent more drinking at places in Lawrence that smell like a sewer back-up. The people working there were super-friendly and accommodating with no hint of special occasion restaurant snootiness you might find. We were set up with a perfectly sized lounge setting next to the piano with a small sofa, comfortable chair and table. The views are an instant conversation starter. Peering down from the windows and watching the Holiday ice skaters is probably one of the most idyllic visions in all of Kansas City. The only drawback is that we didn't want to leave as the joint closed as midnight. As many others have reiterated through town Skies is probably not the best place to find awesome food. So let's be clear here...I didn't eat one bite of Hyatt food. However, as a dramatic place to drink that that makes you feel like both VIP and nostalgia voyeur on a pauper's budget...I've found nowhere in KC that really comes close to it.
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2011,4/8/2011,262,244,6,5,6>Because there's just something about a lady in a hat...An exhausting day of trying to find the perfect Irish Green pointed toe 3 1/2 inch f me pumps led me to Bob Jones, cause hey, it's the only store I haven't looked at, plus the sale right now (as all January sales) is right up there with having a pair of magical pants! Sadly, the shoes are only in my mind (and at Ditto in the Northland if you are lucky enough to wear a size 9.)   Downtrodden, I heavily sighed all over the store until I looked up and saw...hats.  Beautiful hats!  I lust after perfect millinery. I choose a modified, wine colored fedora, sat it at a rakish angle and handed over my cash.  I feel as though I should rob a bank in a black and white film with a pencil skirt, dark glasses and a cigarette holder then pose not quite so innocently, on the edge of some copper's desk, before the interrogation...
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2011,4/7/2011,69,196,,7,4>I have been accused of being snobby when it comes to my judgement of the authenticity of all things Irish, and rightly so. My mother's from Ireland, most of my family still lives there, I've been over many, many times, and I grew up hanging out with my mom's Irish immigrant friends. I think this makes me pretty darn good at knowing authenticity when I see it. The Gaf is owned and frequented by real Irish people. It hosts trad sessions on occasion. The menu is full of real Irish drink and food (and the obligatory American dishes, of course). Apparently, they're going to start serving an Irish breakfast on the weekends. I had said Irish breakfast at The Gaf on St. Paddy's and can confirm that it is, indeed, an authentic Irish breakfast: brown bread, beans, tomato, black pudding, sausages, rashers, and eggs...with hash browns thrown in for good measure. Not only are the bones of the meal right, but the meat tastes right. I've fumed my way through many a meal when a restaurant has served me a brat and called it and Irish sausage. The Gaf gets it right!
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2010,4/6/2011,2544,833,11,28,13>Mercy Seat seems to want to be the best kept secret in the KC tattoo scene, and they would have gotten away with it too, if it weren't for all these meddling kids! OK maybe that's not quite true, but i REALLY wanted to start off my review with something Scooby Doo-esque because jenkies is this studio awesome. Walking in the front door is like taking a trip back in time. Oh, and a trip into a haunted mansion. Doorways behind bookcases and paintings with removable eyes (all the better to spy with) are the things that awesome is made of. I had a blast just checking out this place before the real work even got started.The tattoo I got yesterday was my first, and like i do with anything new, i researched it obsessively. Honestly, deciding on Mercy Seat was a no brainer. They simply have the best reputation in town and many of my friends have beautiful work from their artists. While I had been given recommendations to see Chet, after perusing all of the portfolios I decided to go with Jason Saint. He has fantastically clean lines and after talking with him he really seemed to get what i had in mind. He drew up his interpretation, I loved it, and i made an appointment to come back and sit in the eponymous chair. Holy shit! Nobody may have ever told you this before, but tattoos HURT! 30 seconds in I was questioning my decision to have my first tattoo be a giant piece going from my back and onto the shoulder-blade and down my chest. But thanks to some suggestions by Jason, I spent the next 3 hours coming in and out of a quasi-meditative state and I have a tattoo that i am RIDICULOUSLY happy with. Jason was great with telling me what to expect both during the tattoo and in the coming weeks. He also mentioned that if I ever needed it touched up, to give him a call as he does that for free. He wants everything he does to look great, and understands that a good tattoo is pretty much his business card. I would definitely recommend Jason Saint to anybody, as well as Mercy Seat in general.
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,4/5/2011,76,219,13,10,4>This is a review by proxy.  I actually haven't gone into the store, where all of my gluten-loving, meat-loving, sugar and not-always-organic-loving presence might have the same effect you would get by crossing the streams in Ghostbusters (yes, I am old).So, by proxy, my [much] better half loves the place!  She buys pasta that has no wheat/gluten, bread that isn't really bread, sweet things that don't have sugar, cleaning supplies that are somehow much better than what I would find at Home Depot, and all kinds of other organic goodness (although I still cannot stop teasing her with "aren't ALL eggs, by virtue of the fact they are eggs, organic?".  And yes, still married.  Don't get me wrong - I'm not a hater.  I don't hate the player, I hate the gluten.  Rather, I am fine with the gluten, but hate that my wife's body is not.  Thus, she rocks the house party with gluten-free goodness, and this is one of the places from which she buys her substrate to create said goodness.I will have to say, the Black Cherry soda that she treated me to from here 2 days ago was pretty amazing.  Next time I am angling for the root beer, so let's hope she doesn't read this before we go next.  That might mean I might actually have to go inside, and let's hope that I don't summon _ZUL_ in the process.
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2011,4/4/2011,57,252,5,7,5>I love the Zoo. I can't compare the KC Zoo with too many others because I haven't been to Omaha or San Diego. But I can say it beats the pants off of the Memphis Zoo.  The newest edition, Nikita, is fantastic! I have uploaded a photo of him swimming underwater. He was doing his laps this morning and I was mesmerized watching him. The Polar bear is one of my favorite animals and I'm glad KC finally got one again. That exhibit alone is worth the current $6 admission, in my opinion. Why only $6? Because the Africa section is closed while they are putting in a ski lift-style ride over the entire section. I was excited about this until my husband said,"It sounds great until it breaks and you fall 30 feet and get eaten by a Lion." Umm...yea, that kind of broke my excitement. Hopefully that will never happen to anyone. Okay, stop picturing that now!!  Focus! Even though the Zoo is open year-round, all the shows, zoo keeper talks, and other things don't start until April. So it will be a completely self-guided experience until then per the Zoo website. We did find a lady by the Elephants answering questions and showing everyone a tusk, some skin, and an elephants molar. Pretty cool. Parking is always free. The Sea Lion area is also under construction and is closed. That tidbit is not on the Zoo website. Concessions were closed "for the season" except the one in the main building at the entrance. A 20-ounce bottle from the machine is $2.50. We noticed many folks with outside food and drink. We assumed it wasn't allowed. Apparently it is, so stop at QT for a soda on your way in. To recap: Free Parking, $6 admission now, no Africa, no sea lions, expensive soda, and a POLAR BEAR. Still a pretty fun family day for $30!
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2010,4/2/2011,222,511,3,9,6>Confession: I wished I lived in JoCo so I could be somewhat close to this place. This review is not just about the food, but the store itself, which is what brings it from 4 to 5 stars.Growing up, falafel sandwiches were a weekly regimen. Whereas most households had kids growing up on PB&J, my sister and I grew up on falafel, pita, humous and tahina. I know my falafel and I know my Middle Eastern food well. I'm not easily smitten. This may be one of the only halal places in Kansas City, which is nice for me, since I know I can eat pretty much everything here.After reading all the reviews, I really wanted to come here but couldn't justify the long drive. Fortunately, I had on-site work nearby and decided to risk losing my parking spot to venture over during lunch. It all started with a chicken kebab sandwich, which I felt was reasonably priced. After getting it and realizing just how huge it was, I will change my opinion to it's downright, stinking cheap. Usually with quantity, you end up losing out on quality. Not here. the chicken was tender, juicy and marinated really well in whatever spices were on it.I decided to come back after work. I wandered in to check out the grocery section. This place feels really, really authentic, from the people that pop by down to what they sell. There's a wide variety of shisha if you have a hookah. I plan on coming back when I run out of mine. If not, you can purchase a small one here. In addition to hookahs and shisha, there's a nice variety of pantry items such as tahina (a must to make your own humous), halvah, sesame see treats, Turkish bars, Mid East olives and pickles, a wide selection of bulgur wheat (necessary for tabouli), frozen merguez (unless you know what merguez looks like, you'll have to ask... the packages are unmarked) and dried mint along with tons of other spices. They also have fresh pita and zataar. So fresh you can actually feel the heat coming off it because they recently took it out of the oven. Wandering about, I started to feel like I was back in Morocco. But without constantly feeling like I'm going to be molested at any moment. In fact, for such a hard core place, this place did not make me feel bad that I'm a woman, which in and of itself makes me want to go back. After hearing my accent/pronunciation, the owner started chatting me up. Based on his accent, I thought the place was more western Middle East, despite much of the food being central Middle East. Turns out he's Palestinian, which is the style in which everything is cooked.I actually ended up getting more and bringing it home. Falafel and kufta kebab. The other half was content with his falafel. I tried it and really like it. Definitely not the best I've ever had but pretty good (probably the best I'll find around here). I will say I sampled the kufta and it is the second best I've ever had. I cannot wait to devour it later.Also, for anyone that's a falafel fiend, they make their own mix from scratch and if you ask, they'll prep a bag for you so it's none of that boxed crap. That way you can cook it at home when you're good and ready. They'll give you the instructions on what to do.And here's the major plus. Upon expressing my sadness that I wouldn't be able to come often since it's so far, the owner informed me that he's building a second place right next door to Sinbad's Hookah on 39th. It should be open in June or July. I'm looking forward to good Mid East food without having to drive a half hour.
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,4/1/2011,157,291,2,7,5>I visited Colfax for the first time recently (I've been meaning to get here for awhile now), and I'm definitely a fan! I love unique little boutique stores, and Colfax fits into that category nicely.Upon entering the store, I was immediately greeted by the staff member at the front counter, who I'm guessing might be the owner. After greeting me, she handed me a key to the jewelry cabinets, which was terribly exciting for an utter jewelry whore like myself! Not only was there a huge selection of lovely stuff to look at, but having a key to that row of display cases just made the shopping experience that much more fun for me. (Yes, I'm easily amused. So?) Jewelry-wise, there really is something for pretty much everyone, and they're not the standard pieces you'd find in any old department store.After I tore myself away from the jewelry, I had a look at the other accessories and clothing on offer. I didn't purchase anything this time around (too soon after Xmas to begin treating myself), but I did see a lot of items that I liked (and not just jewelry). The clothes were unique, but also wearable, and ranged from comfort wear right up to fun skirts perfect for a night out on the town. Prices seemed more than reasonable, and right now they're also having their winter sale, which means that there are some great deals to be had.I was the only customer at the time, so the owner kept up a nice stream of conversation without being pushy. She was great about answering my questions, as well as providing interesting info about some of the pieces I was looking at. As Colfax is conveniently located right next to where I get my hair done, I know I'll definitely be back in again soon!
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2010,3/31/2011,50,183,4,7,5>I'd been meaning to eat here for I don't know how many years, but the occasion never managed to come up until Friday, when I intended to dine at bluestem's lounge next door but was unable to find a seat. What could be simpler than walking next door (particularly given the driving rain)? What better chance to finally try this place?Unlike bluestem's hopping lounge, Pot Pie was virtually empty, so my friend and I were seated promptly even without a reservation. It was at this point that I was *not* informed by the hostess or the server that this table was reserved beginning at 7:30--under an hour and a half from the time I sat down. I was, unfortunately, not informed of that until 7:22. "I'm not saying that to hurry you along or anything, though. Take your time!"Uh, right. Note to servers everywhere: don't do that. You look like an asshole. You're essentially pulling an, "I'm not saying, I'm just saying..." on  someone who is then going to be expected to tip you. That's just stupid. If I wasn't a nice guy, that would have cost our server some money. That unfortunate incident aside, dinner was pretty great. Starting with a bowl of perfectly steamed mussels with a perfectly executed if standard broth of white wine, butter, and garlic that I was sorely tempted to eat with a spoon when we were only offered one bread refill to sop it up with (ok, I actually did take one bite with a spoon, but felt slightly uncouth and stopped). I half wished they'd have offered more bread, but didn't feel like asking; and anyway, I needed to save room for the entree.Pork chop was perfectly cooked, with a tasty sweet potato puree. The apple and leek gastrique was pretty good, although essentially leekless, and could have used a bit more acid. Ribeye also perfectly cooked, although could have been trimmed better. Also, in the restaurant's dim light, it was hard to tell what was fat and what was meat, so I ended up with a couple inedible mouthfuls which then had to be unceremoniously spat back out. How classy I must have looked! The accompanying green beans were awesome, and the potatoes Dauphine nearly so: a perfectly crisp, light and airy pâte à choux which badly needed more salt right out of the fryer; only one of the several potato puffs was adequately seasoned. The mashed potato filling, itself wonderfully light and creamy, could have used a bit more salt, too. Not a meal-wrecker, certainly--far from it!--but nonetheless a couple minor miscues.The namesake pot pies looked pretty awesome coming out of the kitchen, and I found myself wishing I'd have ordered one. Fortunately, now I have an excuse to go back.
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,3/30/2011,148,216,4,6,7>So, I guess you know you're not young anymore when you walk into an antique store and see the bowls you used as a kid sitting on a shelf for sale.I was tempted to buy them for nostalgia's sake, even though they don't mesh in any way whatsoever with my interior decorating style, but I resisted.This place is ginormous.  After two floors, I've usually had my fill.  But that's ok...that just means more to look at during my next visit.  They have booth after booth of nicely arranged items but what really sent my hear aflutter was the HUGE section of antique cameras.  Case after case after case! The service here is awesome.  As soon as I picked something up and started carrying it around, there seemed to be someone magically appearing, offering to take it to the front for me.Great place to spend an afternoon, and maybe run across some kitchenware from your youth.
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2010,3/28/2011,25,82,1,10,4>Go to their website and reserve yourself a tour.  Now.  Today.I had to book mine over two months out to find an open slot that also worked with the schedule of me and my Honey's, but it was worth it.  We showed this past weekend on a particularly cold day and the trip paid off.The tour was fun and our guides were great.  Of course, we get to taste in the end and the best part was that 99% of our tour group were Bud Light drinkers, which meant they were there to just get the closest thing to crappy beer you can get (free too).  But, it meant there was more good beer and good conversation with the tour guides FOR US.It also meant that while they got their 4 free samples...we got lots more samples and lots of stuff behind the counter that wasn't labeled.  This included a couple of brews that are in testing.Wow!  Be nice to your guides, pay attention, ask questions, savor everything, and respect the beer.Hear me?  Respect The Beer!  Insider tips:  Lunar is getting discontinued but there is something coming to fill a slot very similar to it and it will be heavily promoted in the months to come.
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2011,3/27/2011,50,87,4,9,5>With its stark white decor, cafeteria style ordering and location in an easily overlooked strip mall on Shawnee Mission Parkway in OP, there's nothing stylish, trendy or hip about New York Dawg Pound ... so they'd better make one mean hot dog.Many "kiddie menus" would lead you to believe that hot dogs are dining fare for the 12 and under crowd.  But any dog lover will tell you, when done right, they are not.  At NYDP, they use Nathan's ... enough said.  Then they put that high quality all beef dog on your choice of bun, pile it with a large variety of toppings (if you're into that kind of thing), and serve that sucker up either alone or with your choice of sides.  All this for a very reasonable price.  On my visit I had the Buttercup (aka the Chicago dog), a deliciously messy ode to the style of dog that I have always held in the highest of places.  Everything about my dog was right, from the neon green relish to the spicy bite of the sport peppers.  I was in hot dog heaven with each bite.  By the time I left NYDP I was stuffed ... but I was still thinking about my next visit.  That, my friends, is the sign of a good dog.
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2010,3/26/2011,123,254,,3,4>You don't realize how inadequate the stockpile of spices in your own kitchen are until you find something so much better.  I happened to read an article once about summer houses and stocking kitchens, and it mentioned those old jars of McCormick seasonings that are inevitably in the cupboard for years and taste so old that you might as well not even bother.  After browsing Penzeys Spices, one comes to realize that so many of the grocery store brands of jar spices, like McCormicks, are simply old to begin with.  What I love about Penzeys Spices is their product; they have fresh, flavorful spices that are of a noticeably higher quality than what one could find on the shelf at a grocery store, making the trip out to Old Overland Park well worth it!  There is a lot of variety on the shelves, but alongside the jars for purchase are larger pots of the herbs that one can open to sniff and sample.  This is wonderful!  When you have five choices of different kinds of cinnamon, it is heavenly to inhale the aroma of each one to find your favorite.  For a serious baker, this place has everything I need, including delicious high fat cocoa and any extract I can think of.  If you need a gift for someone, they actually have gift boxes with different themes--spices, bbq, baking, etc.  Some of my favorites include the high fat cocoa, foxtail (which I use in everything from soups, to eggs, to baked potatoes), the Mural of Flavor, Saigon cinnamon, and the maharajah curry powder.
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2011,3/25/2011,130,37,4,5,3>During the last couple of months, BRGR has become my go-to place for lunch meetings while in Prairie Village ... and I'm down with that.Although I've been (sorely) tempted by several menu items, I haven't yet strayed from the Jucy Lucy. It's melty and awesome. Before I went for the first time, a good friend advised me to first cut into the burger before chowing down - no one likes a chin burn from scalding cheese.I've also had a bite of the pan-baked cornbread (insanely rich and buttery - make sure you share!) and the house fries. Nothing special, but they're a great accompaniment to the burger.I love the atmosphere, and the service has been top-notch during each visit. I want to go back for the three-cheese grilled cheese and smoky tomato soup, so stay tuned!P.S. Adult milkshakes?! Yeah they do. If combining alcohol and ice cream is wrong, I never ever wanna be right!
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2011,3/24/2011,226,187,,11,6>If you read my reviews, you know I don't give our five stars very easily, Starkers definitely deserves it.  I went here in the winter months when the lights were on at the Plaza.  Perfect setting for a great evening.Reservations here are basically required, the dining room is small and intimate.  The menu constantly changes, so you can't ever be sure what's in store when you arrive.  Every selection is creative as much as it is delicious.  The common theme here is American food made from local ingredients.  The wine list is very good (again, I'm overly critical in this area).  If you are out to impress clients, want an intimate atmosphere for a date or just love great food, check out Starkers.  They are a great LOCAL KC restaurant.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2011,3/23/2011,146,38,,10,4>Part of the traditoin of Parisian bistros and brasseries is good alcohol and Westport Café & Bar serves up, truly, some of the finest in the city (local mixologists Ryan Maybee and Beau Williams of Manifesto crafted the menu). Last night after taking our seats in the long hallway between the front and back dining areas just outside the door to the kitchen, I ordered up the Winter Smash and Elizabeth the Granny's Westside.The Winter Smash was a tart, seasonally inspired mixture of Bourbon, fresh lemon juice, spiced honey syrup and peach, garnished with a skewer of three red berries and delicately walking a line between sour and sweet. Burying my snout in that lowball glass was a treat I was sad had to end.Elizabeth's Granny's Westside looked the part of an old school cocktail in its small juice glass with egg white foam on top. Other ingredients in the lip-smacking libation were a homemade baked apple infused vodka, lemon, lime, simple syrup and soda. She didn't want to share hers and I was confident I was winning out by not having to share mine.The gal who cuts my hair - a bit of a foodie herself and a great restaurant-talk cohort of mine - had been to WC&B and said the mussels were a must. Between choices with bacon and blue cheese or shaved fennel and roasted tomato, we went with the latter. It had been quite some time since we'd had mussels, so it wouldn't have taken much for them to earn our adoration, but I absolutely did love them.The mussels were plump and sweet with hints of garlic but not an overpowering amount. The tomatoes, though a little sparse, were soft and savory. And that broth, the best part of a steaming bowl of mussels, was a heavenly bath for the slices of baguette studding the bowl. My only gripe was that the fennel was not shaved, but rather came in long, undercooked strips. They lacked finesse and actually seemed more like long strips of Vidalia onion than fennel at all. Not bad, but not what we'd hoped for. Still, I'd order another bowl of those mussels with the exact same preparation in a heartbeat.One can go as pricey or cheap as they wish on this dinner menu. The salads and sandwiches are quite reasonable--Chicken Paillard for just $11, Tuna Nicoise for $12, Croque Monsieur for $9, Madame and her fried egg for just another dollar.We didn't go there on this trip, but the dinner entrees include plenty of seafood: fish of the day, arctic char, cod or scallops. There's also pasta, roasted chicken, steak frites and pork shoulder. All range from $13 to $19.00.Our first choice was the seared tuna sandwich. On a soft, sweet roll, rare strips of gorgeous pink tuna were heaped with a thick bedding of tender baby spinach and a brightly contrasting, sweet ginger aioli, which I loved. On the side was a small pile of sweated shallot, which I added to the sandwich, not knowing if they were just an optional topping or meant to go with my side salad. Each pleasurable mouthful melted away effortlessly. I instantly devoured the entire thing, which was not huge but certainly an adequate size.The salad on the side, with shaved Parmesan and radishes, was lightly dressed with a heavenly, unctuous vinaigrette containing luxurious truffle oil. It didn't overpower but was, rather, the perfect amount to make the salad a true bonus as opposed to a compulsory side.The steak sandwich came on another soft roll (though not the same one as came with the tuna sandwich) again with strips of delightfully tender meat and with a beautiful complimentary slathering of horseradish cream and sautéed onion; quite similar to the tuna sandwich in preparation, but an entirely different world of flavors. My fear with steak sandwiches is always overcooked stretchy, chewy meat. Not so here, as the steak melted away almost as easily as did the rare fish. I'm salivating now, as I relive the memories of each of these sandwiches.As we conquered the French-inspired sandwiches, we also crammed salty pommes frites, buttery sautéed mushrooms and garlicky wilted spinach down our respective hatches. It was all so satisfying... so delicious... so... French. The attractive clientele sitting around us all seemed so laid back and satisfied, too. Our old neighbors Steve and Janie stopped by to chat. Steve's a trained chef who knows his restaurants. I took his patronage as a sign we were on to something good.And we were. In the end, Westport Cafe & Bar turned out to be one of the best new restaurants we've tried in quite some time.
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,3/22/2011,58,134,10,5,3>Indoor seating + Mac'n'Cheese Dog = 5 stars.  There's just something about some 3-cheese mac and bacon on top of a snappy hot dog seated in a pretzel bun.  I'm cheesing on my dog just thinking about it.
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,3/21/2011,54,211,3,5,5>Wine on tap? REALLY??? Wine and Christopher Elbow in the same store? 5 minutes from my house? My waistline and bank account are doomed...I can't believe this place has been open 3 months and I didn't know. I went in yesterday with 2 friends and had a blast! You can get 3 different size tastings of 6 or 8 wines ranging from 1 to 4 ounces, from $2 up. Brian gave us the full tour while I tasted a nice Gigondas, and he threw in a free tasting of Rum Chata-OMG, so good! They have a what looks like a pretty decent selection of wines, including some of my favorite-Bordeaux, and about 200 bottled beers. I'm undecided about joining the wine club yet, but this one sounds as good or better than others I've read about. The atmosphere is very relaxed, everybody's very friendly-seems like a fun place to hang out and talk wine. I'm afraid I'll be a regular!
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2010,3/20/2011,76,384,3,7,6>I love this bar.   If you're unfamiliar with the area and drive by and see this place, you might think it looks scary.    Trust me, it isn't.  Just regular Joes hanging out exercising their livers.   Generally an older crowd, at least during the times of the evening I've been there.   This is one of my favorite little dives in the Old Northeast.
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2010,3/19/2011,28,62,,4,3>I am as much of a smoothie guy as anyone verging on life-crippling lactose intolerance can be, so unfortunately for me there is only a select portion of the menu that I can have if you don't want to see a grown man curled up in a fetal position.The inside of KC Juice is pretty sleek and modern, no real clutter anywhere and the place is always looking clean. The location is pretty prime as well, right on Penn across from the circle of businesses containing Californo's, bringing by plenty of foot traffic on a daily basis. As many reviewers have mentioned thus far, the place isn't too far off from a Jamba Juice, but it is locally run and therefor should be heralded over some faceless chain.I like this place, but I want to address a message to whomever is running KC Juice's Twitter account: less is more. Incessantly '@' messaging people (many of whom are on my followers/following list) makes you look like you are coming on way too strong and turns people off before they have even tried you out.
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2010,3/18/2011,115,89,18,5,5>So I don't know how I went almost 30 years of living in Kansas City without eating at Garozzo's. I suppose it could have been my mother's absolute fear of Italians, though. 'Eye-Talians?!' she'd wail when I suggested going out for a spaghetti dinner. 'Eye-Talians are the devil!!!' Then she'd rip out clumps of hair and piss her pants until she fell asleep. Love you momma!So anyway, we never had Italian. I recall a few instances of Cascone's as a youth, but I think that was mostly because my uncle Randy was a bus-boy there and he'd give us free drinks. Cascone's is good, don't get me wrong (check out my review that I haven't yet written-- it's in my brain), but it can't hold a hairy Italian woman's forearm to Garozzo's. I finally went with my fiance and her family for her... mother's?.... birthday. Like everyone else says, it's small and cramped, but it's nice and air-conditioned, so you don't sweat too much into your pasta. Or your spedini. Actually, you probably got spedini. And if you didn't, you should have. From what I can tell, spedini is a made-up thing that's basically an Italian chicken kebab. And it's really goddamned tasty. I got the 'Spedini ala Samantha,' or, ''Chicken kebab w/ Samantha sauce.' And 'Samantha' means 'artichoke alfredo,' I think. So if you add it all together, it's 'Made-up Chicken Kebab w/ Samantha's Artichoke Alfredo Sauce.' So good. And everyone else liked their shit, too. And there was plenty of bread as well. You're in an Italian joint, for Fredo's sake, there's BOUND to be bread. Like Tony Danza, I ended up with a bunch of extra Samantha*, and that's a great thing. *On the hit 1980's sitcom 'Who's the Boss?' actor Tony Danza's character was a lovable galoot raising daughter Samantha (Alyssa Milano) with the help of his employer (Judith Light) and her whore-mother (that old red-headed bitch).
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2010,3/17/2011,123,113,,4,2>So my friend Craig insisted that we try this place.  He has been craving the chicago dog and italian beef.  Luckily his wife wanted to try the pizza so we got an array of what the Pizza Man had to offer.First - it is in a strip mall - not well lit.  Craig and wife actually went to the stone pizza something or other down the street.  Luckily they called me and I directed them to the right place.  It isn't a big place but it was pretty empty this wednesday night before Thanksgiving.  We ordered:xl pizza - italian sausage, mushrooms and pineapple.  Chicago dogItalian Beef - steamed?Craig chowed on the dog so I assume it was delicious.  It had bright green relish, hot peppers, I assume celery seed.  Whatever was on it - it was gone in about 5 seconds.  I will have to go back and try that.  The italian beef came with au jus and giaradiano or something.  It was delicious - I totally took some before he got it all down.  It was really flavorful and delicious.  Pizza - good flavor, good sauce, good toppings, yum.  I really enjoyed it and will return. The service was fast and friendly, the food was delicious and good bang for your buck.  Free refills of soda.  Win.I am counting the minutes until I get a real live chicago dog and italian beef sandwich.  okaybye.
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2010,3/16/2011,72,133,,6,3>This place sells the best novelty gifts in town, not to mention a great shoe selection and the raddest kiddo clothes.  I managed to pick up several lovely things while out shopping on the Yelp Local Shopping Crawl.  The staff here is fun and treated us so well with yummy cookies and delicious beverages.  Will definitely be hitting this place up again!
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,3/15/2011,27,37,4,8,6>Holy Soup! This place rocked my socks!  I found this gem on this website called Yelp (heard of it?!) and after reading one review my mouth was watering.  Then I read the others and put eating here on my high priority list.  Like whoa!  At 8o'clock on a Monday night the dining room was vacant. Lucky for me, because the owner came out to chit chat.  I couldn't have felt more welcome than if I were in her own kitchen.  She was forthcoming with Fan Facts. Like all dishes are prepared with white meat (except tonight's special, Kung Pao Chicken).  Specials are changed daily, tonight's was only $6.95.  I was already planning my next meal here while I was waiting for my to-go.  Would tomorrow for lunch be to soon?  The lunch combo is only $5.95,  comes with soup, rice, entree and some other stuff, it seems that I have already lost the menu.  They have it on-line, but back to the point: yuuummmmThe menu is your standard American Chinese fare except with no MSG, all fresh ingredients, hand made.  Even the dumplings, all of it.  The House Special Dumplings are sublime.  In attempt to ward off a February cold I ordered Hot and Sour soup.  I couldn't stand it any longer.  I don't even care who knows.  I drank the soup on the way home.  ooohhhm.  It was like a blind tasting. The texture and flavor of each ingredient was distinct.  In my mouth I could taste the mushrooms, egg, chicken, tofu, the tang was delightfully subtle.  Beware: this soup is served hot, I couldn't stop drinking it although I could feel my mouth burning. All the little dumplings made it to the table.  Juicy, but not wet, gentle pork flavor and little green bits inside.  Beautifully handcrafted.  Delivery is a 3 mile radius, minimum order of $20.  I'm excited to try the rest of the menu.  Tomorrow for lunch? Yes please.
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2010,3/14/2011,24,42,8,16,8>I already posted this review, but then I noticed that the reviews were for the old address. I thought it in everyone's best interest to re-post with the correct address.This place has an intoxicating aroma of antiseptic that puts you at ease. I was selling a turntable to someone at a different tattoo shop, and when I walked in I was punched in the face with the stink of incense. What's that all about? I want it to smell like someone just cleaned up after a murder. Like some methodical serial killer who uses industrial chemicals to eradicate any trace of blood sweat or tears is on their payroll as their cleaning person. Mission accomplished. I also love the fact that when you walk in you're greeted immediately with a friendly hello. I've been to too many shops where the employees are too busy with a magazine to even look up when you walk in. These places can be intimidating for a lot of people, and the last thing someone who is getting their first tattoo needs is to feel like they don't belong there. (Mercy Seat, A-1, I'm looking in your direction.) At his old shop Danny used to play the oldies station throughout the waiting area, which I always liked. I can't remember if they do that at the new location. Danny is pretty well known around town as one of the best, but the other two artists here are pretty great too. I checked out their portfolios online and was impressed. I've been going to Danny for about six years now, and my oldest stuff by him still looks great. He is a friendly guy and constantly asks how I'm doing, and if he sees that I'm hurting, if he's on a spot known for its sensitivity, he'll apologize. I mention this because when I was getting my stomach tattooed at another shop, and I asked for a break, the guy got all pissy, and made me feel like a total puss. The new shop can be hard to find a decent parking spot, but the new neighborhood is so much better that it doesn't matter. Due to his ever growing reputation, there is a wait to get in with him. I usually call and make an appointment to talk to him, then I make another appointment to get the actual work done. He does keep blocks of time set aside for walkins though, as do all the people, I just find it easier to book ahead. I've heard a lot of people complain about this, but come on, you're going to have that for the rest of your life. Do you want to get it immediately, and risk getting a shitty tattoo, or do you want it to look good? I refer people to this shop all the time. And will continue to do so.
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2010,3/13/2011,92,76,9,5,3>I think that Weird Owner Man is one of the best parts about this Korma. He hasn't tried to hit on me, but maybe it's that unsightly patch of hair on my face. Um, anyway.When it comes to North Indian cuisine in this town, Korma is my favorite joint. I started going to the Westport one a few years back and fell in love with it. Just maybe over a year ago I found the OP location not far from where I work, but far enough for me not to be tempted to go there every day for the lunch buffet. Awesome. It's pretty much the same stuff you're gonna get at the Westport location, in a much less-cool and tighter space, but you get the benefit of over-the-top stellar service from the owner, which to me is a huge draw. My friend and I come here often with her 18-month-old son. The first time we brought him, the owner gave him a dollar and wrote his name on it. Really bizarre, but a nice, unique touch. When he's there, there's no doubt you'll be overloaded on naan, mango lassi, chai, and his quick walk-by singing. The buffet food is always hot (temperature-wise... not gonna get too much spice in the buffet though) and delicious. Great tikka masala, saag, pakoras, samosas, veggie korma, chili chicken, everything, everything. Especially the comforting, delightful chai at the end. It's like a cherry on top, except I don't really look forward to the cherry on top. So, something better.I've only done dinner here once. I'd prefer the lunch buffet because you get to sample everything and it's cheaper, but the dinner portions were about as large and as tasty as the ones at the Westport location.I've noticed two drawbacks to this place: The first is, you need to get there for the lunch buffet early (like around 11-11:30) or it'll get packed quickly. The other is that I routinely roll out of there feeling uncomfortably, painfully full. Then I go back to work smelling like I just got dipped into a vat of curry. The rest of my day is completely unproductive and no one wants to be around me. But who cares? I'm fat and happy, after it settles a bit.
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2010,3/12/2011,159,346,6,8,4>Hot Dog!  I went here for lunch around noon, had their chili cheese dog and it's quite a few hours later and I'm still pleasantly full.Our server, Sara, managed her tables well.  She was pleasant and attentive.  The Saturday lunch special is "7 for $7".  The entree is paired with fries, slaw, cottage cheese or their homemade chips.  I say go for the chips!  The chips were perfectly crispy not oily...yum!!!  I also split a small Nick's salad and appreciated our server splitting the salad for us.  I was absolutely shocked at the size of the chili cheese dog.  It was a knife and fork entree for sure.  The chili was tasty and spicy.  The bun was overwhelming but the hot dog, cheese and chili combination were excellent.I really like the bar area when I want to watch a game.  They have multiple TV's on different games. I have been here for dinner and the dining area is a bit more intimate.  But open enough if you have a large group.Overall, if Nick and Jake's was closer to me I would dine here more often.  But, for today it was what I was looking for....a HUGE lunch entree, a winning KU game and great service.
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2010,3/11/2011,28,76,3,4,4>Just when I think I've settled on what I believe is the best ice cream I've had....along comes this place to send my ice cream psycho notions outta control. The wolfster had been wanting to try this place forever and upon seeing it finally re-opened....we ventured forth. I had already eaten lunch, so of course, I opted for the ice cream. I settled for my all time flavor-favs mint chip and chocolate. After receiving my little plastic dish of  frozen noms, I navigated towards a booth.....on wheels. Yes...on wheels. Great, I thought....how am I going to get my big butt into this thing without launching it across the floor and colliding into helpless bystanders who are innocently waiting on their orders unbeknownest to them a behemoth booth with a frenzied, screaming patron clutching a dish of ice cream and a spoon was about to take them out. Sigh. Lucky for them, the wheels were locked down. After cautiously easing into the booth, I got down to business. I figured that this was the ice cream to top all ice creams, because I could smell it....especially the mint. I mean, how often can you "smell" ice cream unless you actually put your nose in it. It's very, very sweet. Almost to sweet if that's possible. I definitely had to take my time inhaling it. Wolfie got the Chicago dog and it really looked pretty good. I do have to say that it was the "neatest" dog I've ever seen. Ketchup, relish, onions....all lined up in neat little rows next to the dog. Props to the place for carrying vegetarian hot dogs as well. Definitely give those a go next time. Neat little place with a cavernous feel to it. Fun place to take the rugrats if you have them.
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2010,3/10/2011,521,843,4,13,7>Bare bones, and a dive. A hole in the wall on Paseo and 80th street, with a parking lot, or you can just as easily park on the street. It's about the only thing on 80th and Paseo, and worth the drive. It's been at this location for atleast 20 years. You enter, sit down, order, and get your own chips, which are under a warmer, along with hot or mild sauce. I chose mild. They have a buffet option, but I've never had it. I had a Spreesy coupon,and took my mom with me. We both had the enchilada, taco, chalupa, and rice lunch special for 5.92. I had iced tea. My mom didn't score a drink so easily, they didn't have any decaf coffee. We were brought our food rather quickly. We did have time to admire the cool tables, with Mexican Pesos and Mexican dollar bills encased in resin. The portions were huge, and I got down to the last of the servings, which was the chalupa, and I had to bring it home. The rice was good, and I recommend it.Great price for the portions. The service is friendly but we didn't know who to pay, duh....pay at the bar. If I'm in the area, I'll go back. They have Mexican ice cream on the menu. Dumb me,,,,didn't order it, but I was too full. That will be a memorable mistake, I think.
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2011,3/9/2011,20,127,,4,4>They have a very friendly staff, good drink specials, very comfortable recliners or couches,  decent food other then the typical movie theaters and lots of free showings.  I love it We had seen some showings in the past of older movies here (Big Lebowski seems to be one of their favorites) but they also come out with some of the new releases.  What I really like about this place is they were showing "The Walking Dead" there for free with their special zombie drink and it looked like they have NFL games and some other events for free.
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2010,3/8/2011,195,325,7,7,4>Been trying to get a real meal from here for awhile... I was saddened that they were closed on Sunday when the sign outside said "Gyros Open".  They are just now trying to introduce evening hours... they are supposed to be open until 9pm.  I got there at 8:40pm and they we already shut down.  However, he did agree to make me a Tabouli salad though.  It was not what I was expecting.  More of Greek Salad with a little cracked wheat sprinkled on it.  Could be that was the quick version since they were sorta closed... but not really.  I'm heading out later to find out about the real food.  Stay tuned.Later that day:Ok, I got there a little early and they were already up and running (so it's sorta give or take on the first and last few minutes of the day) and I ordered the falafel and the gyro sandwich.  I had him put hot sauce on the gyro but not the falafel just in case I wussed out and couldn't handle it.  Va va voom!  The hot sauce makes the sandwich over the top good.  I was dipping the falafel in the left over sauce.  Very tasty.  He (Papu, I assume) was a pretty nice guy, he let me know he was making the sandwiches fresh (maybe I was looking impatient, but really I was overjoyed and excited) and checked on me to make sure I liked my food.  Darn straight I do!  He thanked me when I left and was just a real nice fellow. This is what made my experience so great: There was some sort of domestic dispute while I was there... some lady came in and was nagging at him about something.... must have been a family member.  Anyway, the whole arguing whilst eating thing really helped with my digestion.  I just perked right up and felt like I was eating with my family. He just listened while he worked and he finally said to her, ever so calmly "Just let me do my thing.  You shouldn't be here." and she said some snide remarks and left.  Wow, that was awesome.  You gotta get that hot sauce, guys.  I can't promise the dispute will happen again, but the hot sauce happy feeling is totally able to be recreated.    Come on in and let Papu do his thing.  PS Pay at the gas station window.
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2010,3/7/2011,530,119,8,18,11>Here's what happens...My car, sometimes it gets low on gas.  Just like I need coffee, my car needs it's own kind of fuel.  I go to Roasterie, my car goes to Brookside 66.  It's as simple as that.I drive in, all ol' school like, because the lot they're in is small (how did BIG cars of the past deal with the SMALL spaces of the time?!?!).  I get out, I put my card in the thing and the nozzle in the hole, start to squeeze, and let the golden nectar pour down the gullet of my econobox.  Then I get in the car and to do some texting or whatever until the tank fills up and I can get to driving again.I got my car inspected here for MO plates, and got an oil change, too.  Buncha nice guys work here, probably been here for ages, and that's a good thing.  Oh, I took the picture, the ONLY picture, for this damn business page on Yelp.  Do I get extra credit for that?  Come on, seriously...Go get gas.  Here.  I recommend it.
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2011,3/5/2011,74,1211,8,10,7>OK... let me give a different review... for me anyway!  : )For me it is about food first at a restaurant. I will not go on a rant. Check my buzillion other reviews until you find a rant about people rating restaurants like idiots. I mean, what the HELL do people expect. Perfect food and service... a la French Laundry... for $20 a plate? Anyway, I guess that was a one sentence rant. With a preface. : )CafeE has a beautiful interior sanctum with warm yellow venetian plaster walls, dark beam paneled ceiling, cool old world shutters, a fabulous sideboard/buffet piece, designer oilcloth tablecloths, and designer glass mini vases with real flowers. The lighting is not dark like some restaurants pretending to be romantic, but not like sunbathing either. For me, that is about 473 stars for ambiance.Service was what I would call passively friendly. Not warm. Not rude though. Quiet. Efficient. Perhaps lacking a sense of humor when dealing with an ogre like me?  : )  Anyway, it was fine for me but some people might want more engaging service. I would only wish for more if dining alone, because it is embarrassing to have to talk to yourself because the wait staff is a bit muted. haha.The Sunday menu was limited to 4 items and all were price fix  with a mixed green salad and a dessert. The salad was a lovely melange of greens just lightly touched with a vinegarette. Take notes people... this is how to dress a salad.Entrée Choices: fried chicken, roasted chicken, arctic char, and some beef dish I have vaporized with post meal red wine. Everything came with lovely mashed potatoes done rustic and wonderful. And green bean shred with beaucoup lardon [yup... that means a lot of bacon, which is just fine by me, but maybe non pas bon with others].The char is a salmon cousin and was perfectly cooked to medium, tender, and potent is flavor just like a salmon, too. The fried chicken was a surprise as it was perfectly cooked and well spiced, with black pepper really coming through. I am from Kentucky, and have eaten more than my share of fried chicken. This is a worthy effort.The dessert, thanks be to God Almighty, was their lemon cake. If you don't believe in SOME higher power after eating the lemon cake you should quit eating. Seriously. Moist, velvety, luxurious cake. Tangy and sweet glaze. Decadent mouth-coating lemon buttercream in between the two layers. OMG. I asked our server if I could just have three slices of cake for our three courses next time. She didn't say anything. [sigh]About $40 for all this for two is a decent deal in my book.
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2010,3/4/2011,43,55,4,6,3>As everyone has mentioned, a trip to Westport Flea Market is a lesson in logistics. First, go up to the bar (or wait in line) to order your food. Then find a seat and order drinks from a waiter. And when your name is called, go up to the window to pick up the food. This process is a little hard to figure out if the restaurant is busy. Like really hard to figure out, especially since menus are on every table. Logistical confusion aside, my burger was fantastic. Best burger in KC? That has yet to be determined. But it was juicy, flavorful and cooked perfectly. I loved the condiment bar so I could dress my burger up to my liking. After reading previous reviews, we steered away from the fries and went for the onion rings. If you've read my previous reviews, you'll notice I've eaten way too many onion rings lately. Dear God, I need an intervention. That said, these were just ok. The cracker meal doesn't seem to be seasoned at all, so you're on your own in that department. Service was spotty during our visit, but I imagine it's because the place was swamped thanks to their anniversary special - mini market burgers (which are hardly mini) for $2.99 and PBRs for 99 cents. Oh - it's cash only, but they do have an ATM insideI'd like to come by when the place isn't so busy, watch a Royals game and give those fried pickles a try...
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2010,3/3/2011,106,152,4,12,3>I walked into this restaurant with low expectations. I usually sabotage my reviews on places because I have pretty high expectations.When I rate a mexican restaurant, I always start with the salsa, if they don't have hot salsa I suffer from immediate disappointment. Thank you Chelly's for having hot salsa which was yummy mixing it with the mild.Onto the food and service... Our waiter was great, friendly and accommodating. The food was surprisingly delicious. It always turns out that I would rather have what my friends order but oh well.I got fajitas since I am trying to be healthy and my friend got a fried burrito, ha! He isn't watching his waistline. Luckily I got to try his and it was yum!The decor was also charming and very cheap.. one of the entrance doors was a screen door for your house. The lady's bathroom was bright pink. Love it! I don't know if it says anything but when I see cheap decor I assume that the focus is more on the product they are offering.I would definitely visit this place again!
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2010,3/2/2011,32,117,,5,1>I will need to re-review this after I just go there to eat -- this review is from my wonderful rehearsal dinner back in June 2010. It was kind of a whirlwind, so my memories will be a bit scant. We had a private room, and the servers were totally on top of it, checking in with me when they were about to bring something out or thought we might want something. We had some good drinks and wine, and a nice buffet. I was blown away by the portobello mushroom "steaks". And after the wedding the next night, at my hotel bridal suite I was starving and desperately wanted the chicken alfredo pasta that I knew was in my fridge at home because they packed up all the tons of leftovers for me. And it heated up just great, for the next several days!
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2010,3/1/2011,67,229,2,3,3>Best pho I've had in KC. The broth is good, but the meat and noodles are the star. Perfectly cooked noodles and the most tender brisket I've ever had. You could pull it apart with your chopsticks it was so tender. Absolutely delicious. I also loved the fried egg rolls. They were nice and crispy and the filling was very fresh. The limeade was delicious and refreshing. I love the whole relaxed vibe of this place. I will be going back again and again to get my pho fix.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,2/28/2011,44,150,1,5,4>My husband loves Gingerbread Houses!  So we signed up for a class at the Culinary Center.  I called first to make sure that adult couples could attend since it seemed like it was only a parent/child event.  I was assured that adult couples were welcome; however, there would mostly be parents with their children.  Well!  We were the only adult couple  in a room with about 60 but we didnt care!  We were set up with the makings for our house and given instruction and then let loose to use the huge assortment of items out for decorations.  The helpers were attentive and we were never without enough icing or answers to questions.They also had snacks & tea, aprons to use if you wished, and holiday music playing. We were there for 3 hours and really enjoyed our interactive date.  What a fun night out!  I am excited to take one of their cooking classes.
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2011,2/27/2011,9,68,,9,1>It took me quite a few visits until I felt that I can give an adequate review for Polished. Polished can give you a great Mani/Pedi, and I would say the best in the neighborhood..... If you get the right person (Holly). Otherwise, sometimes I feel my mani/pedi is a little bit sloppy. You can insure getting the right person by making reservations, but if you do the walk-in, your wait is not long at all. I would also say that price is on par with the city (yes, i miss the $25 mani/ped in SF). On my last visit, I tried the new Gelish nail polish after listening to another customer rave about it. Its only day 3, but I love it. I highly recommend the Gelish nail polish and give it 5 stars already.
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2010,2/26/2011,247,223,1,10,4>This is a genuinely interesting bar that merits support by its customers.  I was told that they have stopped serving lunch, since they weren't getting enough business at lunch.  But it has only been in business at that location for a few month, so hopefully its business will pick up and will succeed.This bar has a very good bar atmosphere and environment.  I liked it.  Also the ingredients that they use in the food on the menu are very good, although there is nothing upscale about the preparations.  I got the fried cod sandwich and liked it a lot.  That surprised me, since I usually do not like fried fish sandwiches.  You get a surprisingly large number of options for the side that comes with it.  That really impressed me, since many restaurants these days give you a choice of one vegetable or nothing (without an unwelcome upcharge, which always rubs me the wrong way). The bar choices are limited, but fine.  They have the same house wine as Hamburger Mary's about a block away, but at a higher price.  However, I like Rhythm & Booze better than Hamburger Mary's.  Well, OK, that might say something about me, since I view Hamburger Mary's more as a novelty theme restaurant/bar, while I view Rhythm & Booze as the kind of bar I'm happy to patronize repeatedly.  You may have the opposite preferences.The owner takes pride in the tacos and in being a carnivore.  He will not compromise his inclusion of beef in the tacos.  But I stopped eating beef at around the same time that I stopped smoking cigars.  If he will add fish tacos to his menu, I'll immediately raise my rating of this restaurant to five stars.Parking in this area by the Crossroads Art District can be tricky.  There are many lots, but you need to know which ones you can use.  There is one right next to this bar on SW Blvd.  But you should not use it, since it is owned by a different business.  There is a huge lot directly behind Rhythm & Booze.  You can use it, and you can enter the bar directly from that lot through the bar's back entrance.  But to get to it, you will need to drive around the block and continue to the lot that is up against the bridge behind Union station.  Be careful to avoid the smaller lots that have signs limiting parking to other businesses.  In short there is an exceptionally large amount of free parking available for this bar, but you need to know where it is. Good place.  Go there.  You'll see.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2011,2/24/2011,24,132,,7,3>Years ago I enjoyed eating at Blue Nile when it was located up the street from my apartment on 39th street.  There was nothing more satisfying on a cold night to make that short but seemingly long cold trek in the snow and ice up to Blue Nile.  It was always so inviting, warm and smelled of spicy goodness.  After Blue Nile closed I was disappointed then to my surprise I found out that they had moved to another location.  For some reason it has been years since we have gone back, but finally we made the new long cold trek down to the rivermarket.  It was everything I remembered and loved, the tangy injera, potatoes, greens, all so filling and warm. I couldn't begin to tell you the names of the dishes that I enjoyed but will remember from the great descriptions on the menu.  We split the vegetarian platter which is good way to sample all of the meatless options, especially if it's your first time.Food is served communal for your group and it may seem odd that you won't have utensils, don't ask for them.  Just go with the flow, you don't need them that is what the injera is for, it's a spongy flatbread that you use to eat your food with.  It's the excuse that you have been looking for to eat with your fingers and in the end you are rewarded with a wonderful warm towel for your hands.
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2010,2/23/2011,15,23,9,7,4>Imagine, if you will, a huge tornado tearing over the rural midwest landscape. Directly in the path of this massive storm lies a placid, sleepy town. Suddenly, the tornado rips through the towns' buisness district! It tears the local Wal-Mart off it's foundations and carries it away! Next, it targets the liquor store next door, and then an antique mall! Finally, the grocery store down the street is swept away! Mass panic! But.... somewhere in the whirling mass of flying buildings, a miracle occurs. All 4 buildings are mashed together, combined with heavenly design. The new, combined building is plopped down gently outside of town, and the storm subsides.That, ladies and gentelmen, is essentialy what Red-X is. (Red-X creation story may or may not resemble reality.)They have everything you'd want there, and more! You can buy fried chicken, a 50-foot garden hose, a t-shirt of last years' daytona race, and a fine bottle of 30-year old port... all at the same time!Plus, once a month, they have a huge, F R E E wine tasting there. You just can't beat that with a stick!Yes, Virginia. X really does mark the spot.
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2010,2/22/2011,81,208,4,6,6>Sazzy's is your one-stop-shop for all things playful. Lingerie, hosiery, corsets, and night wear of all sort. Mostly geared for the ladies, they have a few mens night time things also (silk boxers and pj's). Gentlemen if you have not been here, or sent your lady here do so.
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2011,2/20/2011,15,74,2,2,4>We hit this place last Thursday night and were thoroughly impressed! Started off with visit from Ryan and a jaunt through his impressive list of cocktails. For any of those Manhattan lovers (like me) out there the Pendergast is something not to miss. All the ingredients are local and fresh and the chefs/owners enthusiasm for such can be seen and felt throughout. Highlights were the risotto, crunchy pork (how could you go wrong there?) and the banofee pie. I stuck with the Pendergast all night so my next trip will be a trip down wine list lane. Get reservations from what I was told its been busy every night.
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,2/19/2011,36,117,4,7,2>5 Reasons to Hit Up Harry's for Happy Hour:1.  The prices. You can get quality drinks---including imported/micro beer---for good prices.  2.  If you enjoy a cigar and a drink---purchase both inside and take it out to the spacious, although less attractive, patio.3.  No popped collars, botox, silicone boobies,  or natural light4.  Food options, though not memorable, seem like the only logical pairing to the drinks5.  Babycakes is next door.  Nothing takes off the remaining edge like a strawberry cupcake w strawberry icing.
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,2/18/2011,49,247,8,46,25>If you're a sucka for some mood brewing (i.e ambiance), you'll find it here.  This is one of the nicest Chinese restaurants I have been to.  They really took a lot of time and money to make sure their restaurant stood out from the other buffet jokes.  It is extremely large and comfortable and the bar is beautiful.The service was wonderful, in fact, some of the best I've had as well. The food was the best.  Their hot and sour soup was wonderfully tangy and spicy it made my eyes water.  The lunch specials were equally unbelievable.  For $6.95 you get your choice of soup, egg roll or crab rangoon, entree, and white or brown rice.  I had the Kung Pao chicken which was very delish.We will most certainly be back in the future.  I also saw that they have some sort of Valentine's Day Dinner special that looks worth trying.
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,2/17/2011,91,26,4,9,6>Tucked away in an alley along 20th between Main and Baltimore, Manifesto is THE Kansas City speakeasy placed in a modern atmosphere. It took us a minute to find the entrance (being hidden away in a dark and cold alley), but once found, the doorman asked if we had a reservation (instead of a "password"). Replying "yes," he entered his code into the pin-pad and told us that we can proceed down the staircase. We searched for a staircase and quickly found ourselves in the back of a restaurant, passing the kitchen and restrooms. Realizing we had made a wrong turn, we double-backed and eventually located an inconspicuous foyer with a narrow entry to a dark stairway - this must be it! We found our way down the steps and were, once again, greeted by another doorman, "do you have a reservation?" It would be so much cooler if they asked "what's the password?" - password being the name of the reservation. Anyway, once officially in and seated, Manifesto revealed itself to us as a dark, loungy, micro-bar, equipped with mood-lighting that could put a child to sleep. I wasn't planning on ordering a cocktail, but one of my friends mentioned that each drink is like a work of art. So, with the small table candle lighting the menu, I selected a drink: "Winter in Buenos Aires" made with butternut squash puree. As each of these drinks are pieces of art, they do take some time, so be prepared to wait - but the wait is worth it!When and if you plan to pay Manifesto a visit, definitely make reservations, and do not go in large groups. Large groups tend to generate a lot of noise, and management frowned upon that while we were there. After our demeanor was called out, our waitress seemed to play hide-and-seek, and it took us quite some time before she revealed herself at our table once again. I understand the "mood" that is trying to be set, but a true speakeasy has shouting, gambling, tons of drinking, and likely other adult-rated behavior. With that being said, Manifesto welcomes quite the opposite. I felt a snooty vibe as the evening wore on, which is understandable as each cocktail is $11. Manifesto is not for the partier or nondrinker (as food is not served), it's better saved for those who would like a quiet night out with a couple of friends.
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2011,2/16/2011,35,196,2,5,2>My first trip to McCoy's was tonight for a suprise birthday party for my nephew.  I don't often enjoy myself as much as I did tonight.  The places wasn't too loud, the food was delish.  I ordered a burger with cheese and bacon and it was wonderful.  The White Cheddar cheese was melted to perfection.  The burger was cooked to the medium that I requested and the bacon was pleantiful and not pre-fried and heated up.  The bun was fresh and tasty.  The burger came with fries and they were good, but not the best fries I have ever eaten.  The next time I will see if I can substitute a differnt side for the fries, that being said, I really enjoyed my burger.Others around me ordered other things and I got to taste the maccaroni and cheese and it was probably the best mac and cheese I've had in a long time.  That in itself would be would be worth a trip to McCoy's.Tonight's special was the Prime Rib dinner and it was a lot of food for the price and it looked so yummy.  I just wasn't up for that much food.  The baked potatoes were loaded and the prime rib was served with both a side of horshradish and au juice.  The dinner also included a salad or soup (the house soup of a creamy mushroom with spinich and bacon smelled wonderful) and grilled veggies.  Truly a full meal!My hubby had the hand crafted root beer and I got to taste it.  It was wonderful and also worth a return trip to McCoy's for just the root beer.  This is a great alternative for those who don't drink beer.For those with more adult tastes, I had and throughly enjoyed the special edition coffee stout with a hint of vanilla that I had to go with my burger.  It was wonderful for a stout beer and the perfect beer for someone who loves coffee.I tasted their wheat beer and that too was good.I will be making a return trip to McCoys.
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2011,2/15/2011,46,405,,6,3>Masala's is one of my Top 3 favorite Indian establishments in KC.  I travel to India frequently for my work so I know what the real stuff should be like...  I travel to New Delhi and Chennai so I've become fluent in both Northern and Southern Indian cuisine...First, I should say that authentic Indian cuisine is not found anywhere in North America.  The typical Indian dish in India makes my whole face go numb because it so spicy!  American's can't handle the real stuff so restaurants dial back the spices for american palates.  We lose both flavor and heat in the process.That said, Masala's offers most of the dishes that I've come to love.  Don't shy away from the lunch buffet, in India most of the expensive restaurants offer buffets so forget about the gross ponderosa and sizzler buffets and hit the Masala's buffet to sample a dozen finely prepared dishes.  The only real drawback to the buffet is that everything is prepared mildly so be prepared to spice it up as desired.This is one of my favorite Indian meals, you can make it off the buffet for lunch or order off of the menu for dinner:- start with vegetarian samosas and mint chutney- Rasam Soup is a spicy mixture that Indians drop white rice into for a meal....  I love this stuff and Masala's version is top notch!- Daal Makhani Is a lentil dish that vegetarian Indians eat as a main course.  Use some Naan bread to soak this up...  Swadisht is the Hindi word for delicious!- Chicken Jalfrezi at Masala's is a oniony/garlicky dish that EVERYBODY loves...  I always order this for 1st timers who have not had Indian before and I've never had anyone not finish their meal!Authentic Indian dishes leave the meat on the bone so be prepared for bones in many of the dishes at Masala's.The buffet runs about $12 a person and is a great deal.  Indian food is not cheap so expect to spend $25 a person if you come for dinner and order the meal that I have listed above... The other reason that I like Masala's is that it has a nice dining room that is conducive to business or a nice dinner with the Mrs.  Too many Indian places are just bare strip mall locations so I appreciate the ambience at Masala's.One more tip, Masala's is open on Thanksgiving and Christmas so if you need some grub on the holidays, Masala's has a lunch buffet on both days...Phir Milenge Masala's....  Phir Milenge, Paka....
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,2/14/2011,184,189,2,11,5>Broadway Roasting Company is to Kansas City coffee to what Wine and Cheese is to the French. To give you some perspective about how good Broadway Roasting Company is go to any high end eating establishment in the city and ask them where they get their espresso from, $10 says the answer will be Broadway.The main focus of this location is as a facility to roast bean for use at the cafe or for resale, there is also an Internet business run out of this location. Homed in what was the Westport Fire house years ago the space has been transformed in to a cafe in the front and a roasterie in the back 3/4 of the floor plan. The layout is well done and with minimal hoopla for some of the tacky items often associated with urban coffeeshops and cafes. The barista's here often will be employed at the Broadway cafe down the street. They are always friendly and professional at what they do. The espresso here is amazing and is the best I have ever had. The coffee drinks are also wonderful but the espresso has my heart.There is ample parking on the street and the location is easy to get to. What I really love about the location is that I can go in here anytime of the day and the line is almost always much shorter than it is at the cafe down the road. There is a small sitting area outside for when the weather is nice and places to lock your bike up. Stop in some time and check out how master coffee roasters work, it is a sight to see.
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2010,2/13/2011,20,44,,5,1>Now that Quillec has left town I think Grünauer is my new favorite in Kansas City. The food was absolutely delicious.  I had the wiener schnitzel and my friend the schweinbraten.  I didn't actually have any idea what schnitzel was, just something you hear about, so I was excited to try it.  It came with an absolutely tasty salad of tomatoes, cucumbers, and creamed potato salad.Also, the Meinl coffee was quite tasty after our dinner.The diners next to us got a strudel and it looked really delicious.  My friend had a cold, otherwise we would have shared  a dessert.  Next time!I should also note that the staff, from the front to the wait staff, was super friendly and helpful, helping us to get a taxi on a cold winter night, and our waiter was great, helping us with the menu and making suggestions on our wine. Was a great way to start off our evening before the ballet.  I will return, again and again.Also, parking was super easy.  They share a lot with Jack Stack and the rest of the freight house.  We didn't have to pay anything, and it felt super safe.
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2010,2/12/2011,111,63,,7,2>Sushi Done Right.I'm not an expert.......but I do like sushi, and I have tried sushi in several settings from the high-end expensive vegas, LA, stuff, to the Hy-vee refrigerator isle.MOONLIGHT does it well.  We have tasted several of their rolls, and offerings, and have yet to be disappointed.All the ingredients, sauces, spreads, flavorings, meats, fishes, etc. have been top quality for a KC land based establishment.  Prices go right with what you get.  Not cheap but not outrageous.The food is a certain 4 plus on the yelp rating scale, next to a 5.The service has always been a solid 4.Pricing is a "get what you pay for"  solid 4.I say visit
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2011,2/11/2011,70,56,4,5,3>I can't speak for the burgers but I must speak for the pancakes.  Pancakes so fantastic that I haven't been able to stop talking about them to everyone I meet.  First, I have to admit to being particular about my pancakes- thin not thick, fluffy not dense, tangy not overly sweet and most importantly, as well as the hardest to find, crispy around the edges.  Town Topic's pancake is all of these things plus covered in melted butter.  My friends can attest to the fact that I moaned through the entire meal, unable to hold back expressing the beauty of what I was savoring on my tongue.  If an orgasm has ever found itself on a plate, it was there, in that pancake, in that dive, in my mouth.
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2011,2/10/2011,117,166,,8,2>Before my Yelp days, I would have just though "a library is a library." I'm always happy in a building full of books, be it a library or a book store or amazon.com. I love reading, and I love books (non of that Kindle-crap, for me). But thanks to yelp, I really appreciate this location.Clean, spacious, comfortable, adequate outlets. Decent selection of books (although i think they can fit more in there, with that empty space.) nice and helpful staff. Wonderfully located next to Chipotle, who can complain about that? There's a coffee shop located inside of the library. Free wifi. Seating is okay. could use a little more, but there's enough floor space to just pop a squat and read right there in the aisle.All in all, I like this library.A few years ago, i had a bad mishap with overdue library books, and they were very understanding. I had to go to Chicago unexpectedly because my mom got sick, and i asked my roomate to return the books for me to avoid late fees. 2 weeks later, low and behold, she hadn't returned them (and I had like 20 books check out so it was a hefty fine). I went in an explained the situation and they cut the fine down for me. i am still very appreciative for that! any poor college kid would be!!
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2010,2/9/2011,12,101,,4,3>Old Shawnee Pizza has been doing their thing for over 40 years now, and they know what they are doing.  Family-oriented pizza restaurant with typical American-Midwestern style offerings on the menu.  The pizza is a classic Midwestern cracker-style thin crust, similar to Pizza Shoppe, but better.  In fact, they started out as a Pizza Shoppe franchise then went out on their own (for which we can all be thankful).  The sauce has some zip to it, the toppings are not skimpy, and the cheese is just right.  But if you don't like the standards, they have a variety of sauces and cheeses to suit your taste.  Try the shredded Canadian bacon - trust me, you'll be back.  Normally for a pizza this good, I would rate Tim's Pizza in Independence at the top, but I don't want to drive all the way to the other side of the KC metro area to get it, so Old Shawnee cures my addiction and they do it well.  My only complaint is some of the dine-in areas are sometimes closed off, making eating there a challenge at times.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2010,2/8/2011,101,281,,12,1>I stopped in here to meet up with my girlfriend for a couple of drinks on a Sunday night.  I hadn't planned on eating here, but as I was waiting for my drinks, I looked at the menu and ended up grabbing some food, as the menu is full of mouth-watering vegetarian dishes!  There are at least five vegetarian entrees listed on the menu here.  I was totally surprised.I ended up ordering the spicy black bean burger for $7.59.  It came served with a cucumber salad, as it is listed on the "Health Conscious" section of the menu.  I'm actually glad it came with this side because the salad was delicious.  It had cucumbers, tomatoes, and feta cheese, served with a balsamic vinaigrette sauce.The burger itself was very good also.  It came served on a Kaiser bun, with low-fat cream cheese, avocado, lettuce, and red onion.  Normally when I go to a bar, I expect a rather uninspired menu, lacking any serious veggie dishes.  Charlie Hooper's is definitely an exception to this rule.  I'm actually looking forward to the next time I go back here to try some of the other entrees.
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2010,2/7/2011,189,280,8,6,4>Dear Roasterie,I recently attended the opening party for Studio Dan Meiners.  There was a Roasterie display with free coffee for people coming to check out the space.It was about 80 degrees/a billion degree humidity this day.  Ugh.  Why put a coffee stand out in the blazing heat?  BECAUSE OF COMPLETELY DELICIOUS ROASTERIE ICE CREAM.  OH EM EFF GEE.  Guess what?  They don't sell it in stores.  Or anywhere.  "We make it for ourselves," said the guy manning the station.  Best. Office. Parties. Ever.And, as a personal aside, I need to date the total dreamboat who was dishing out their delectable coffee ice cream.  He was charming and CUTE.  CUTECUTECUTE.  Any Roasterie hookups out there to help a girl out?  I heart the Roasterie.Love,Erin
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2010,2/6/2011,292,268,14,18,12>Who doesn't look good in pink lighting?  No one.  This place is gorgeous in all of its beautifully tacky, old school, pink lighting charming ways.  It has a 70's lounge, dark wood, oil painting, dusty grape bunches kind of feel to it.  I love that.  The staff is either young family members bussing tables or loyal employees from decades past that seem to run this place. Huge 5 stars on the decor and environment in my love of tacky opinion.The food, well maybe 3 stars.  The bread is the,(  why do I love this bread so much) soft, white with sesame seeds type of Italian bread.  The salads are ice cold old school iceberg lettuce salads.  The pasta sauce is the sweet red sauce variety.  There are mediocre to good things to have off this menu.  It's the kind of place that if you grew up going here, you probably have your favorite dish, authentic or not, that you crave every now and again.  It is what it is.  I think we can all find that dish or two that we love for whatever reason and that alone should bring you back to Anthony's.  That and the decor, definitely the decor!
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2010,2/5/2011,28,132,,6,3>I was really happy to see a new location for the Blue Nile Cafe.  The only thing keeping us from going before was more of a time commitment and driving around a less familiar area in KC, so this new South Johnson County location is great for us (and a lot of other people, I would imagine).  Because they only opened yesterday they are still working things out.  We went tonight after accidentally seeing it on the way to the Kolache Factory on 135th and Metcalf.  So here we are went later tonight.They didn't have the normal menu.  The server explained to us that for the first few nights they would be serving buffet-style.  That was fine with both of us being new to Ethiopian food, anyway.  The owner was very helpful in explaining *how* to eat the food with the injera (Ethiopian spongy bread) instead of utensils.  Having read reviews for the other location, I was already familiar, but he was very nice.  (They did provide a fork even though our server wore a "no utensils" Blue Nile t-shirt.  So if you are carb conscious or a hygiene freak...don't worry about that.)  The buffet contained a beef entree, a chicken entree, and 6 different vegetarian entrees.  I could have eaten only vegetarian and felt totally satisfied, so I can see the appeal for the vegetarians of Ethiopian food.  The buffet also contained rice, and two dessert options: a pineapple concoction, and a rice pudding.  Both were quite tasty.  I honestly ate a little of everything and didn't find anything that I disliked, while some I liked more than others.  For the Blue Nile regulars, I don't know which specific items they were, but from looking at the menu, it seems like the veggie options were: Gomen, Misir Watt, Atiklett, Yekik Watt, Mushroom Shiro and Dinich Watt.  I believe the beef entree was Tibbs Watt and the chicken I wasn't sure about.  I didn't see the desserts on the online menu at all.  Overall, the food was great, the thing that I didn't love as much was the service.  A couple of groups left within 15 minutes of our arrival, so we were one of only two groups there tonight.  Our server still never refilled the water, which wasn't great since we were eating food with spices.  My husband started drinking my water, he needed it that much.  Then she took a long time to bring our check even though we were very obviously done with food.  That was the only issue, and they had only opened the day before, so not so bad.We will be back for the normal menu, but if you are interested in the buffet, it was $10.50 per person, which was great considering the prices for each of those entrees on the menu and because it was all you could eat.  We ate a lot.  I think the injera is growing in my belly as we speak.  Must... lay... down...
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2010,2/4/2011,38,50,,9,2>I have been buying my tea here for about 2 years now.  I used to frequent another well known tea establishment up until I found this place by accident one Christmas.If you want the finest loose leaf tea attainable in town visit this place in Crown Center.  They are incredibly knowledgeable and helpful to everyone.  They excel at the white tea.  An extremely supple and complex tea.  But I really can't find a better green or red anywhere else in town.  He has his own tea fields in China and the quality has be quite high and consistent.The problem is that if you are on the road and have to drink someone else's tea.  Well they all seem to pale in comparison.  And I'm talking  like Keystone Light vs. Hoegaarden as a comparison.I really can't see myself drinking a Tea Republic ever again.  Nor the swill they try to palm off at Starbucks.
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,2/3/2011,89,150,,4,4>For some off reason I thought I had reviewed Le Monde Bakery, considering the fact I'm a regular at this place. Le Monde Bakery is a small gem in North Kansas City. Though there pastries are yummy, what really keeps me coming back is the Chicken Curry Soup. The first time I had it, I went home and tried to recreate it......yeah that  didn't work. The second time, I pushed my taste buds to the limit and tried to pick out all the ingredients....nope, that didn't work either. By the third time I just simply caved in to it's uniqueness and explosion of flavors, and simply let it be. Le Monde Bakery, your Chicken Curry Soup is amazing, Thank you, I'm your number one fan!
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/16/2010,2/2/2011,30,77,,5,2>Came here on a Monday with a friend after reading a fellow Yelper's positive review. The area itself is a little sketchy during the weeknight. As previously mentioned, Thai Paradise is located on a quiet street downtown next to signs reading Cigar and Totally Nude. The street and sidewalk was deserted, when we made our way inside, equally as quiet. The decor is a bit cheesy IMO, lacquered tree stumps for tables or something, but I'm here for the food not the ambiance. I ordered my usual Thai dish, it varies between each person, but we all have that familiar item we use as a starting point to measure a restaurant's quality. Mine is Nua Yum Nam Tok. When done right, it's a beautiful medley of sliced medium rare beef, lime juice, powdered toasted rice, and spices I can't name. When ordering the server asked how I would like the steak done. I was pretty surprised, most Thai restaurants I've visited in the past won't give you this option. So kudos to Thai Paradise for offering.What arrived actually exceeded my expectations. Freshly grilled steak, medium rare as requested mixed with a variety of herbs and spices. The meat could have been more tender, but I'm just thrilled they asked me how I wanted it cooked. The taste was there, right on spot. I will definitely be returning again. Most likely a takeaway joint for me, but will definitely have my business.
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2010,2/1/2011,54,74,7,17,7>David A's review of Wayside Waifs inspired me to write a review on Safe Harbor.  Plus, yesterday marked the two year anniversary of having my dog Joey.April of 2008 was a weird month for me.  I had grand plans of traveling around Central America, but a very cranky Delta agent thwarted all of those plans for me.  I arrived late to the airport and she told me no dice on boarding my flight to Managua.  She wasn't going to be able to put me on another flight until later that week, and she was going to charge me a ridiculous flight change charge.  I had a small traveling fund, so I cut my losses and sulked for a week about not getting to do what I wanted to do.That next Saturday, I made my way to Petsmart to see the lovely dogs of Safe Harbor.  It has always been a bit of a Saturday tradition, drop by see the dogs, go to Target, etc.  Since this Saturday was a bit different, you could say I was highly susceptible to all forms of cuteness.  Any ray of sunshine was appreciated.  That's when I saw Joey, and although I don't believe in love at first sight, it sort of was.  His curly tail, his all white body with a black head, he did tricks!, he was housebroken!  He is simply the best dog, with very weird quirks.  He hates loud noises, and he likes to bark at children.  Since I don't particularly like children, we are sort of made for each other.Their adoption process is essentially pain free.   You fill out an application, and pay for your dog.  I have mixed emotions about this, as a pet is a long-term commitment, and maybe some of the stricter filtering methods are justified.  But, Safe Harbor makes is perfectly clear when you are filling out the materials that they will take back any dog - no questions asked.  This is their way of hedging a bet on a new dog owner.Safe Harbor works by having prisoners train the dogs before they are sent out for adoption.  As a result, the dog you get from Safe Harbor will be housebroken, socialized, and relatively well-trained.  Joey (my dog) is about as well-behaved as they come, except for the whole barking at children thing.  I have had other friends who have adopted from Safe Harbor and their dogs are also well-trained.  Safe Harbor had a bit of controversy surrounding it a few years ago when one of their volunteers helped an inmate to escape.  I think they have moved past this rather well.  Safe Harbor sets up shop every Saturday at Petsmart on Shawnee Mission Parkway and Lackman.
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2011,1/31/2011,255,475,3,9,8>I am not sure that I am even eligible to write a review about this museum since I am not a history buff. In fact, I try to avoid that topic all together when I can help it. Though I love art museums, history museums make me yawn in anticipation. Until I went to this one. It is no understatement that this is the only WWI museum outside of Europe. They have taken the task of relaying the very important history of this place seriously. I'll admit, I knew the bare minimum about WWI before visiting this place, and left willing to share all the info I absorbed during my 4-hour visit with everyone and anyone! In short: this place takes the text of our history books and magically morphs it into lively artistic and informative displays and exhibits. Even the kids will love this museum with its hands-on exhibits and videos. The artist will appreciate the poppy flower installation at the entrance. And of course the gift shop is a little treasure, too :)This is a must-visit for any out-of-towner. MUST.
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2010,1/30/2011,553,763,4,9,4>Hey, if you like funky designer lighting like I do, you will will definitely find yourself in the position of tracking down some funky light bulbs.Last week my cat had his usual evening "cat crazies" and attempted to run through my lucite lamp. which he interpreted as open space.  The entire Pablo light hit the floor like a rock and broke both bulbs. Drove over to Shawnee and went inside a very small storefront.  All the space was behind the counter where everyone had desks set up.  What could all those people be doing all day?  Apparently everyone has weird lighting because I had to wait in line!  Anyway, a cute little mom and pop place where they know their stuff.  There's something to be said about doing one thing and doing it right.My cat has been acting a little strange from his kitty concussion, but he hasn't gone near the lamp since!
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2010,1/28/2011,57,268,1,11,2>I love the influx of ethnic restaurants in Kansas City!  This humble restaurant has been open for about 2 weeks now and is located next to Broadway Cafe in Westport.My fiancee and I were lucky enough to come here when the weather was gorgeous so we got to enjoy the amazing food here while sitting outside.  It's a great people-watching spot as that part of Broadway gets decent foot traffic.We decided to try a little bit of everything in order to take in the full experience - Moroccan mint tea, the Marrakech sampler platter made vegetarian by substituting the chicken skewers with the harira soup, and the vegetable couscous with a side of lentil soup.  The tea came in a small glass and was very flavorful and slightly sweet.  It's definitely for the sipping!  The sampler platter was phenomenal and we really enjoyed the eggplant, bell peppers, and carrots.  The eggplant was our favorite and went very well with their house-made bread.Neither one of us have had harira soup before and wasn't sure what to expect.  The person who took our order (the owner or someone related to the owner?) explained that it's a traditional Moroccan soup with chickpeas, rice, and spices.  I couldn't pinpoint the spices and couldn't drink too much of the soup since it definitely takes getting used to the strong flavor.  It was good but just unfamiliar to my palate.The lentil soup was easily the best lentil soup I've ever had in my life anywhere.  The spices were perfectly bold and the soup was full of red lentils.  No skimping on ingredients there!  I'd be happy eating the soup on an almost daily basis.  The cous cous was excellent too and was topped with chickpeas, cabbage, carrot,  and squash.Marrakech Cafe is definitely worth the visit and they make everything fresh such as their bread and cous cous. Nothing comes from the box.  This was only the 3rd time in my life that I've had Moroccan food, so I don't have too many places to compare it to.  But if the version of the food tastes this good in the US, I look forward to trying it in Morocco!Added note: The restaurant has is situated next to Aladdin Oriental Rug Gallery and the smell of mothballs permeates throughout the restaurant.  The food is worth 5 stars but the ambiance is not.
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,1/27/2011,138,90,5,9,6>Went here for our anniversary. Granted, it was our 1 year dating anniversary, but they treated us like we'd been married for 30. Service: unbelievable, even at 10 pm when we came in. We had clam chowder, french onion soup, a filet of snapper on (breathtaking) risotto, and the piéce de résistance, a heaping portion of wild boar, stewed in a juniper and savory chocolate sauce, atop a serving of mashed potatoes, a meal to put you right to bed. The food was understandably pricey, but the wine made up for it. I don't think we paid more for the wine than they did. The whole dinner, not to spoil the ending, was finished up with two hand-made truffles, even though they were pressuring us to take in a free dessert for our anniversary. We were just too stuffed.Between the ambience of the little tucked away pocket of River Market, and the atmosphere of feeling like you're dining in someone's home, I truly couldn't pick a thing I didn't like.
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2010,1/26/2011,339,655,3,9,5>Got a special occasion? Smack in the middle of historic downtown Parkville, you can climb some stairs to get some culinary satisfaction. We decided to celebrate our 3 year dating anniversary together here last night. If you've never been to downtown Parkville, it's quite quaint. As you climb the stairs to the restaurant, you notice a plaque saying the building was a bakery from the 1840's. As you climb, you're greeted by a romantic patio with candles overlooking downtown. However, it was too humid and hot, so we passed and retreated to the air conditioning inside.Bonjour! Comment ca va? It's time to be seated!Our waiter recommended the Champagne special that had Grand Marnier with fruit in it. Tres magnifique! Not too dry. I enjoyed every sip. For the Hors D'Ouvre, I ordered a 1/2 portion of Moules Marinieres Facon Odile without the cream. What a large portion of mussels! Typically you get smaller portions at high-end restaurants for apps. Every bite was a tiny bit of heaven. Had enough seafood? I hadn't apparently. As I perused the menu, I ordered Bouillabaisse as my main entree. It was quite good. It had rice at the bottom with a smorgasborg of various seafood. It had a decent amount of fish and mussells, but not a lot of the other seafood. Quite few prawns (and small ones at that). It was lopsided towards mussels (which were amazing, but didn't I just eat a lot of those as an app)?All Musselled out, I turn to dessert.. I finished with a Lemon-Basil Sorbet along with a "cookie," kiwi, and dark chocolate. The sorbet was fantastic.The staff was quite attentive, friendly and knew the menu items quite well. He was able to quickly agree to having the chef alter the app so avoid my dairy allergies. On the way to the restroom, I caught the waiter and waitress speaking French to each other in conversation. No fakers here!Of note, restaurant.com and your KC Originals card will help take the sting out of your bill. Don't forget to tip well on the original amount!You'll find lots of free street parking nearby. It also doesn't appear to be handicapped accessible (you have to climb a lot of stairs). Why not 5 stars? Well, after my experience in the Rivermarket (Le Fou Frog review), we were left wanting the portion size, the quality of the food, and the charisma of the waiter. There was also a party of 6 middle-aged adults who were extremely loud in the other room, which disturbed our romantic dinner. We sat by ourselves in the other room thinking it would be quiet. Would we come back here? Sure! Is it our favorite? No, it isn't, but we highly recommend it.
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,1/25/2011,80,254,,9,7>After a Yelp community event on Saturday, I found myself with alone time in the city... How could I treat myself, yet again, after a fabulous breakfast??? I headed directly to Pryde's. I'm almost embarrassed to admit that this was my first time in the store, but I read the reviews and felt compelled. I was on a quest for a salad dressing shaker, so I can make my own dressings with olive oil and balsamic vinegar from The Tasteful Olive. This store is amazing. I found a million things that I didn't know I needed, and a few things I did.  They have darling aprons, I found 3 that I loved, but I practiced some restraint. They also have some beautiful table settings along with every kitchen tool you could even imagine. The staff was friendly and helpful, and even offered me some coffee. My only concern is that the aisles are narrow and it's hard to pass through.  This is a great store, I'm glad I took some time to visit.
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/17/2010,1/24/2011,112,59,6,6,5>I like breakfast. A LOT. I am one of those people who wants to eat the second I get up in the morning. And I like it all, cereal, frozen waffles, you name it. But sometimes, I am willing to wait if it means amazing breakfast will be had.Now, I've only been to the Corner Café that's I guess either in Riverside or on the edge. It's really easy to get to from the River Market by the highway. Like, 10 minutes. When you get there, you may have to wait for a table if it's Sunday morning or a holiday. You can check out the awesome Kountry Kitchen decor while you wait. OR count the men wearing overalls. If you like American breakfast, it's worth the wait. My favorite thing is the breakfast sandwich but there's a disclaimer on the menu that biscuits aren't served after 11, so keep that in mind. The hashbrowns are great, but stop yourself from getting them loaded -- I mean seriously, you don't want a heart attack right there, do you?Where was I...oh yeah, bacon. That comes on the breakfast sandwich and it rules, obviously. I also really like the pancakes. They are huge, and you can get things added, like chocolate chips, for example. My fiancé likes their chicken fried steak which can be had at breakfast. Then there's the cinnamon rolls. Seriously, the best I've ever had, and big enough to share with one or two more people. They also have some kind of sticky roll that can be had with "extra sticky" which cracks me up every time.I think it's funny that people complain about things being too greasy. This place isn't nearly as bad as any Denny's or Waffle House you've been to. And honestly I think the portions are better for the price than those chains. If you want this kind of breakfast you gotta expect a certain amount of pork fat and grease will be involved. Oh, I should also mention they have PIE. And it's good. They also serve lunch and dinner, but I really only go for the bacon, err...breakfast. This place is definitely worth checking out if you want breakfast done right.
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2010,1/23/2011,108,140,,14,3>The painting on the windows says "Local, Organic, Sustainable", 3 words that excite hipsters and recycling friendly suburbanites like no other. I'm only interested in if it tastes good. I was heartened to see whole potatoes laying around the grill area as I walked in the door meaning they're cutting their own fries. If a place is cutting their own fries they're taking a giant step towards being a really good restaurant. As soon as the 2 ladies in line in front of me placed their burger orders, I saw the grill man reach in the fridge, grab 2 balls of hamburger and flatten them on the grill. Made to order burgers, another step in the right direction. When I looked at the menu, I marveled at the simplicity of a six item menu. Single basket, double basket, veggie basket, fries, onion rings, shakes/floats, there was beauty in the simplicity. I ordered a single basket and was confronted with the question "fries or rings", I froze. To which the counter guy (who I'm pretty sure is the owner) said "we can also do a fifty/fifty". Sold. I inquired what kind of shakes they had, only chocolate and vanilla on this day but they usually have strawberry. The owner was surprised at how quickly the strawberry shakes sold. He could have sold one more, but I had to have chocolate instead.Do you want to go here if you're in a big hurry? Probably not, it takes a couple minutes to cook your burger. But, you're at least entertained a little bit by the owner who is a pretty happy guy. He's happy to tell you to bring in some art to hang on the walls. He's happy to talk to the customers. He's probably pretty happy because he owns a pretty cool little burger place. He's happy to let you put the trojan helmet on that's laying around on the counter. It's not a really organized system they're running over there, but they keep it fun and loose. A little happiness around makes the wait much more bearable.I got my burger to go but I very easily could have eaten it there. They have a couple of tables outside where you can look through the park and see the historic carriage house. Or you can sit at one of the 8 barstools in the restaurant if the weather isn't to your liking. I brought my burger home and unwrapped it and was a little disappointed in the look of my fries and rings. I tried a fry and it was a bit soggy like it wasn't rinsed before it was fried. The onion rings were obviously hand cut and battered and, while inconsistent in thickness, were well cooked. The burger was stacked with some lettuce, a thick slice of tomato and enough diced onions for 4 burgers at any place. The Shake Shack promises that all of these items are locally grown, including the beef. I'm not sure if that means they won't have tomatoes in the winter or if they'll have South American tomatoes or what. I don't get locavorism, but I do know that all the toppings were delicious (my son ate the tomato). The burger taste was quite beefy with very few other flavors. If you like a simple burger like you'd get at a family picnic, the Shake Shack has the burger for you. I had to throw a couple of dashes of Tabasco and some ketchup on to make it good, your taste may vary. I will say they don't scrimp on throwing in condiment packets in your to go bag. I left the mustard and mayo packets there. With some salt on the fries and rings, everything was quite satisfactory. It was a good $5 lunch, $8 with a shake which was also good but a little ordinary. The biggest compliment I can give a place is to say I ate every bite and I ate every bite of my Shake Shack lunch.
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2010,1/22/2011,262,244,3,5,6>Opened in 2010, Mystic Treasures falls under the Chinese year of the Tiger.  Tigers take pride in being different and that is definitely this store.  I have purchased quite a few small statues and some jewelry at reasonable prices, ($10-$30) There is incense, sage, crystals, oils, books, classes and workshops.  I have not been able to attend any of the events but I think it would be great for some holiday healing.  The customer service here lies somewhere in between amazing and incredible so...Amazical?  Incredisome?  Yes.  They will help you understand their products and if they don't have what you are looking for, they will try hard to find it, even if they know someone else that carries it.  It's a super relaxing store, a little hard to find so look for the Baskin Robbins on the corner of the strip  mall.  You can be there for an hour and still not see everything it has to offer as a Tiger's home is always filled with exotic treasures.
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2010,1/21/2011,2544,833,4,6,5>I try and try and try to not be a scrooge this time of year, I really do. However,  after spending a little over an hour at Toys R Us, I could feel the ghost of Christmas-shopping past rearing his ugly head and I was about to smack some lady who took the Barbie that *I* wanted. Too cramped, too disorganized, with aisles and aisles of plastic junk towering over me...it was time to get out and it was time to get out NOW.Why am I ranting about Toys R Us in a review of Zoom? Because the best thing about Zoom is that it's everything that Toys R Us isn't. It is reasonably sized, full of quality goods and staffs genuinely helpful people. We weren't quite done with out list when i had my Toys R Us freakout, so we head into Zoom. I had been before just to browse, but i was seeing it through different eyes this time: as that adult needing to get something for an actual child rather than one that is hypothetical. The place feels warm rather than industrial. It's fun and children are free to play but it's not a madhouse. We found amazing toys that we didn't even know we wanted beforehand. It was an all-around pleasant experience, which frankly are hard to have this time of year.One thing that is preventing me from giving this a 5 star review. Because Zoom seems to focus on specialty and educational toys, it's probably not going to have that "must have" present that your kid sees advertised on Nickeloden 50x a day.
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2010,1/20/2011,76,219,4,7,4>OK.  I admit it.It's a pretty cool place.  Even though I don't really like the whole 'antique mall thing' that my wife totally loves.  I indulge her, and wind up in some pretty desolate and sketchy antique stores, where if there is no coverage for my iPhone, I might be inclined to drink a giant slurpee and wait for the sugar rush and brain freeze - just to make it until the point where she is ready to leave.But Urban Mining is actually a pretty neat place.  The people there are uber-friendly, not overly pushy yet attentive, and the quality of the wares seems to be high.We found some glasses for ourselves and for my mother-in-law, and my wife has been several times without me, and loves the store.  She also found some hip food/water bowls for our dog, and those are great.And I needed no external/internal stabilizing factors to mitigate my antique store phobia.  So, 5 stars. :)
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2010,1/19/2011,21,54,5,7,6>"Check please! ""But sir, you have finished your meal. Was something wrong?""No, no, everything is fantastic, but it is so good I need to go slap my momma for not making Italian like this."Specifically, I'm talking about the Petti Di Pollo Alla Piemontese, otherwise known as the greatest dish ever made. I love it that much I only order this one dish despite all the other delicious entrees on the menu. Their strip steak comes in a close second. Yeah, I know there are better steak places, but none that have the Italian flair.Also, Jasper's has without a doubt some of the best trained, most attentive and knowledgeable wait staff in Kansas City. I always feel like I should be more dressed up when I go here. Even though I'm not wearing jeans or a t-shirt, when I see others that do, I feel cheated. This place (while in a strip mall) has class and deserves the same.Great place, great food, great service.
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2010,1/18/2011,53,126,1,5,4>We went for brunch, 3 adults and 3 kids all under 4yo.  Kids 4 and under eat free, so that was nice.  We got there right as they opened and they got us a nice big table.  The service was fine - I would have liked my coffee refilled more quickly, esp as it wasn't very full.  The made to order food was amazing, the fritattas and the waffles were great!  The guy they have cooking is really personable and friendly.  We didn't get any of the pasta, but it looked fab.  It costs $20 per adult and with $2 for coffee and tax/tip it was about $85 for us, even with the kids eating free.  The line food was average to above average depending.  They had the most amazing gigantic chocolate dipped strawberries!  What will really bring me back though was the maitre'd.  We had forgotten one of our kiddy forks on the table and he noticed that after we left we went across the street to look at the fountain and he came outside and delivered it to us - that was really sweet, esp as it was one of my daughter's favorite forks.  I normally wouldn't have thought of this as a kid friendly restaurant, but they did very well.  I think it helped that we were there early and it wasn't very crowded,  and everyone was really nice.  Not a single snarky look from the staff even when the kids started running circles around the table.
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2010,1/17/2011,10,73,3,3,2>Decided to try this one based on all the high-star recommendations.Folks, 4-*'s JUST FOR THE CHORIZO.  Do you know what it's like to have to depart your home state and leave a HELLuva lot of Good Food behind???Seriously, the Chorizo at this place left me craving for more... It's Just Like Home(TM)!!!Apart from that, the decor is kinda ummm-bad-neighborhood-ish and the service was kinda spotty.  The tacos weren't exactly what I was expecting for $1.50 each - they're TINY.However, the Chorizo...  My God, I want more, and it's 2 days later--!  The only thing that would trump the taste of this place is if I could find somewhere fairly close that would make me a Bacon Taco.// Had 'em before/// They're great//// If you know somewhere they can do a bacon burrito LET ME KNOW!!!Oh, and the chips and salsa ++ Pico de Gallo were good as well. :-)// needs me some Sour Cream, dammet.../// goin' back :-}//// slashies :b
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2010,1/16/2011,202,441,,9,5>Cupcake A La Mode = Cupcake Paradise. Walking into Cupcake A La Mode is like walking into a pink, cupcake heaven. I definitely gasped in awe at the sheer cuteness of it all. A break down of what I ordered: French Toast Cupcake: Their best seller and rightfully so. It tasted like a giant piece of perfect french toast. Raspberry Lemonade Cupcake: Tangy and beautiful.Some coffee/chocolate concoction that I forgot the name of: AMAZING. There was even a chocolate covered espresso bean on top!A mint cupcake of some sort: Haven't tried that one yet, but it looks great!Shortbread Latte: Absolutely delicious. Cupcake A La Mode is the first place I've found with shortbread syrupBrown Sugar/ Cinnamon iced tea: surprisingly delicious!Needless to say, after two cups of coffee for breakfast and then immediately driving to Cupcake A La Mode and consuming everything on the above list, my heart is beating at 100 MPH in a state of sugary overdose (but in the best way possible). I spoke with the manager, Becky, and she explained that they come up with 2 new, special, experimental cupcakes every month. Starting tomorrow, September will feature a Root Beer cupcake and a Banana Split Cupcake. The Root beer cupcake will be made with Root Beer Shatto milk! Without a doubt, I will be coming back to Cupcake A La Mode!
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2010,1/15/2011,222,511,3,13,8>When people ask what they should do while visiting Kansas City, they typical answers like Plaza, Nelson Atkins, Steamboat Arabia, the WW1 museum, etc. Almost no one ever suggests the Harley-Davidson factory tour. Maybe people don't know about it or maybe people just forget about it since it's so far north (one exit south of the airport). That's a shame since it really is up there with some of the museums and tours between the river and Plaza areas in KCMO.Even if you're not a Harley fan, it's worth coming to the factory. First, it's absolutely free. That right there is awesome. A risk-free way of sightseeing in the KC area. Free parking and free admission. I'd suggest calling ahead to make reservations. We walked in randomly at 10:45 in the morning and were placed on the list for the 12:30 tour. Not bad. Tours are every hour on the half hour.We left and came back 15 minutes before the tour. There a bunch of Harleys in various stages of being built around the lobby. It's best to look at them after the tour, as you can really appreciate them all that much more.When they called our tour, we were escorted inside a room and shown a 10 minute video on the history of Harley, which was actually somewhat interesting. Then we were given safety goggles, a Harley pin and radios so we could hear our guide over the noise of the machinery. Those with open toed/back shoes were given rubber booty foot condoms to slip on over the shoe.The tour was interesting, even for someone who could care less about how they build a motorcycle. It's a nice insight into a dying American industry - factory work. You get to see how the bikes are made from scratch. There were several things I found amazing about Harleys during the tour. First off, they are made in American (which I already knew) factories by not just machines but by humans. A lot of work is done by machines but they have nearly 1,000 employees that work on the bikes by hand to ensure superior quality that machines just cannot do. The other thing I really liked is how they cross-train employees so no employee is stuck doing just one thing on the assembly line in Ford-style. A very modern way of doing things and ensuring a quality product since it's harder to get bored of your job that way. The tour lasted an hour and you exit in the gift shop. Just long enough not to be boring.Several caveats:- Depending on the time of the year, you may not get to see the full production. We only got to see the bikes till a certain point of manufacturing since the 2011 models haven't been released to the public.- Try to wear contacts instead of glasses. The safety goggles are really annoying to wear with glasses.- Wear completely closed shoes or you'll be forced to wear foot condoms.
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2010,1/14/2011,148,216,3,5,3>Ah, sweet coffee shop...sweet DOWNTOWN coffee shop! Here I sit, on a Sunday(!), in the newest LatteLand watching the hungover, just rolled out of bed downtown crowd stumble by on the sidewalk outside.I've now been here every day since they opened (still in a "soft open") so I feel like I can write a good preliminary review.  The first few days I just popped in for my usual iced chai tea latte and left. Everyone has been super nice and they seem as excited to be downtown as we are to have them here.Downtown is seriously lacking in coffee shops, especially coffee shops that entertain hours beyond 6pm Monday - Friday. So learning that LatteLand would be open on the weekends sent my heart into a flutter.  We'll work on getting them to stay open later than 6pm later. ;-)Today, I decided to change it up and sit down inside with my iced chai and a croissant and soak up the atmosphere. Again, everyone was very friendly and cheery, especially for a Sunday morning. And...free Wifi!  I really wish there were room for outside seating here, but the sidewalks are just not wide enough.There were a couple of off moments this morning, though.  I asked if they could warm up my croissant and the solution was to lay it on top of the toaster and run the toaster a couple of times.  Seems like a good plan except it crisped up the croissant a little too much.  Not a big deal at all, but maybe they should look into bringing a microwave in to warm up their pastries. Especially since they have chocolate croissants and there's nothing better than a warm, gooey chocolate croissant.  Mmmmm...Anyway, while watching my croissant get toasted, I noticed they were brewing hot chai tea.  I didn't really think anything about it because twice before they've brewed it fresh before icing it because they didn't have any chai made up the night before like they usually do.  Honestly, I'm not going to get my panties in a twist over kinks like this and the toasted croissant.  They're in a soft open, so I expect little things like this.  No big deal.  But when I saw the girl pour the hot tea into a hot cup and top it with steamed milk, I said, "Oh no, I'm sorry, I asked for it iced."  And that's when I was taken back a bit...when she said, "No you didn't."  I paused for a second and said, "Yeah, I asked for an iced chai tea."  Again, she said, "No, you didn't.  You didn't ask for it iced.  We serve everything here hot unless you say differently."  Um...Seriously?  You know what?  Even if, by some weird .00009% chance that I DIDN'T say iced...which would be odd in itself since I order an iced chai tea latte every fucking day of my life whether it's at Starbuck's, Scooter's, Cosentino's, or LatteLand.  But let's just say the planets were misaligned, I was high, and aliens took over my brain and I forgot to say iced, that's your response?I watched as she shook her head at the cashier, all, "Stupid customers." and made me an iced chai.  And I was a little disappointed.  Up until this morning I was so excited about this place and telling everyone in my building that it was open.  I still enjoyed the rest of my visit.  I sat at a table by the window, checked my email and watched the city wake up.  I won't let this change my plans of coming here every day because everything's been awesome every other time I've been.  But it will get one less star for now than I was ready to give it.
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2010,1/13/2011,122,77,12,11,12>"OH MY GOD! It's like eating a MINOR DEITY!" Those words, uttered by my wife after biting into Blanc's Inside Out Burger, say it all. These burgers are so good they'll make you want to sob with that sort of soul-swelling, toe-fluttering utter delight that only comes along once in a blue moon. While it feels a little redundant to throw one more glowing review on the heap, I'll do it anyhow. Here are nine reasons why you should stop what you're doing right now, and drive/bike/walk/hitchhike/skip to Blanc Burgers + Bottles, located in beautiful Leawood, KS. 1. Stuff Be Local - Local meat, local dairy, local coffee, local beers, local produce, local chocolates, etc. In sum, if its feasible, they source it locally. 2. Stuff Be Fancy - A Lobster tail? On a burger? Why, I'll take two, thank you! 3. Stuff Be Plentiful - Just about any flavor of soda you could dream up, and a very impressive beer list for all you folks who've been hankering to try that ____ microbrew from way out in _____.4. Stuff Be Reasonable - $9 lunch specials that include a choice of burger (from a selection of some of their most popular) and a choice of side (fries, rings, as well as some side salads) A better burger for the price cannot be had, I reckon. 5. Stuff Be In A Shopping Cart - I'm willing to wager that if you serve ANYTHING in a miniature shopping cart, it will taste 100-130% more awesome. 6. Stuff Be Dangerous - The aforementioned, deity-like Inside-Out Burger is probably the only burger to be served up with a stone-faced warning, "Have you...tried this before, sir?" "No, I haven't." "Be wary of the molten-hot blue cheese, which has a habit of exploding out of the burger upon first bite." "Oh, ok...thank you..."7. Stuff Be Ikea - Do you like plastic Ikea chairs? I certainly do. 8. Stuff Be Diverse - Beef burgers, bison burgers, turkey burgers, pork burgers, lentil burgers, mahi burgers. Long story short, if its an animal, they've probably turned it into a burger. 9. Stuff Be Experimental - Be sure to check out the ever-changing daily specials. I did, and had the pleasure of trying the gross-sounding-but-delicious "Brunch Burger": java-rubbed burger adorned with bacon, a fried egg, maple dijon. The crazy guys in the back don't rest on their laurels, and are always coming up with new ways to blow your mind with a burger. So why the four stars, instead of the five? The place has a nasty habit of being inconsistent. The homemade ketchup was really nasty the last time I visited, presentation isn't always perfect and the temps have been a bit all over the place from time to time. Aside from this, they're five star all the way.
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2010,1/12/2011,25,82,4,7,9>Let's set the stage first:  I am not your dive bar type.  If you saw me on the street you'd think I was your typical white-collar geek with four computers, a Nissan, a BluRay player piped into the 1080p, and a punch card for Applebee's.All are true except Applebee's.Korruption is everything that's wrong and right about this twisted planet.  It's Gritty, it's Grimy, it's Grizzly, and it's worth Goin' to.Admittedly, I was there to see the Kansas City Society of Burlesque show and perhaps outside of that, I'd not frequent the joint.  But the place was just the right setting for a great show and the drinks were appropriately dive-bar-ish.  But the ceiling, the ornate tile floor, and the bar are all original.  (Read: Old and Marginally restored)If these kinda things are your kinda things then me-thinks you should step up to the bar and order a drink!
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2010,1/11/2011,50,87,,6,8>I love The Brick ... without apology.Every city needs a place like The Brick ... someplace with great food, cheap drinks and a relaxed atmosphere. I wish there was a way I could be objective about how much I love The Brick, but there isn't.  I really love everything about this place and every other Kansas City bar and/or grill  has the disadvantage of having to live up to The Brick.  I have been there for breakfast (Brickfest), lunch, dinner and beyond and I have yet to find anywhere in KC that is superior on all levels.  Thank you Sheri and The Brick staff for everything ... The Brick is 100% for real.
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2010,1/10/2011,15,35,3,9,3>I have been to Speak twice, and plan on going back a third time. Which, in Dulaney-speak, is like saying I found the Holy Grail of salons. I tend to hop from one salon to another, each time leaving with a sense of slight disappointment. You see, I do not have an intricate hairstyle. It is basically a bob. Slightly (very slightly) inverted. However, I always leave a haircut with either a Kate Gosselin or a weird neck-mullet thing, even though I always start out by saying that my least favorite part of my hair is when the back grows out too long and starts sticking to my neck . No one ever does it right and I always end up back in my bathroom with a handheld mirror and a pair of craft scissor trying to even out any mistakes the stylist may have made, mostly the hair that they left that is now sticking to my neck. I know I could probably just tell them what I want them to fix, but I am afraid it will get even worse. So I say "ohhh, I like it", pay my bill, and am on my way.  Until I came to see Julie. After moving back to KC after a year in Chicago, I started looking for a new salon. Through Yelp, I found a few that I decided I would try. The Darling Room in my top three. However, once the time came for my third haircut, it had closed. Luckily, I learned that out of the ashes of the Darling Room came two new salons, Speak being one of them. I went to their website, booked my appointment online and later that week went in for my cut. Julie is super friendly. She listened to what I wanted and made suggestions. The right suggestions. She also did exactly what she said she was going to do. I didn't have to break out the craft scissors that night, for the first time in a long time. I have since been back once, for a split-end cleanup. I do A LOT of heat damage to my poor, poor hair. Julie also gave me tips on how to do a little less damage. I only blow dry on cool now. Taylor also needs to be recognized in my review. While I have only been to her once (because when money is tight I will choose to forgo the much needed eyebrow wax), she was amazing. Something to know about my brows: they are lopsided, spaced far apart, bushy, and the left one has a much, much more pronounced natural arch than the right one. The right one looks like someone glued a dead caterpillar to my face. Not cute. But Taylor was able to make them look good! She was also able to put an arch in the right one that didn't look unnatural. For the first time ever my eyebrows matched! She took her time and I could tell she is really into what she does. She is an actual esthetician, not just a stylist who was briefed on how to wax, which I have definitely experienced before. I ended up with half of my eyebrow missing. Speak is also a studio that hosts various artists and events. It's a multi-functional space, which is cool. You can get a badass haircut and look at some neat artwork as a bonus. Unless my head somehow gets shaved at my next appointment, I think I have finally found my salon!
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2010,1/9/2011,151,400,2,8,4>I went here based on Amanda's recommendation here on Yelp, giving Mo a call.  I wasn't sure I was 'hip' enough to go here, but I didn't feel out of place at all, even as a soccer mom type person (even though my  kids don't play soccer).Mo made me feel very comfortable and welcomed, as did the whole staff.  I was wanting to go much darker than my current blond, and we didn't quite get it right on my first visit.  Mo was already reassuring me even before I left that she wanted me to be happy and to give her a call if it wasn't working for me. I called and spoke with Cilla the next day, and Mo had already been proactive and let Cilla know that I'd probably be calling.  They got me in as quickly as possible for both our schedules and Mo even came in early to take care of me. Now THAT"S great service!  Oh and be prepared to MELT when Mo shampoos your hair...mmmmmmmmm, scalp massage!! Probably one of the best I've had outside of an actual full massage.The color came out PERFECT and is exactly what I was looking for. It's a DRAMATIC change from anything previous, but it's perfect and exactly what I wanted. I loved that Mo and Cilla wanted to make sure my experience was a great one. I would 110% recommend Chop Tops and Mo (but don't be taking my appointments! LOL) to anyone.  I saw Linda also give a few haircuts and color while I was there both times, and she also was really working with her clients, listening to them and making sure that they were happy....and they always seemed to be.My hair cut and eyebrow wax were wonderful as well. I think it's probably the best eyebrow wax I've gotten in the 20 years I've been doing it.The customer service, the color, the experience....A+++++! Can't wait to get back for my next appointment...hmmmm, what can I do now so I have an excuse to go back? :) :) :)
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,1/8/2011,157,291,4,6,3>We've been to Grinders for drinks on a First Friday, but had never actually eaten here until last weekend. It had been on the "must try" list for awhile, and I'm glad we were finally in the area and ready for some food! We opted to go into Grinders West, simply because it seemed a little busier at the time. We got a seat immediately, and enjoyed checking out our "shadowbox art" table (decorated with various bic lighters), as well as the artistic surroundings. I was worried that we were going to have to order off the breakfast menu, as we sort of arrived at the tail end of brunch, but happily we were given lunch menus as well, and had the option of ordering off either menu. The drink specials included $2 mimosas, which I was NOT going to say no to. And for $2, what a deal! The mimosa was not only very tasty (a good mix - plenty of fizz and juice), but also a generously sized portion. No champagne glasses here - we got good sized stemless wine glasses nearly filled to the top. We wanted to try a couple of different things, so we ordered a cheese steak (with provolone - no cheese wiz this time around) and a 10" Bengal Tiger pizza. The cheese steak came out way before the pizza, so it was a good thing we were sharing both, and it was great - large, and a good combination of flavors. I don't know if it's the most authentic cheese steak this side of Philly, but it was good. I like, too, that you don't *have* to get onions, as a lot of places just have a peppers and onions mix, and you don't really have a choice but to pick out the onions if you're not a fan of them. The Bengal Tiger pizza took awhile (the cheese steak was long gone by the time it arrived), but it was worth it. A little bit greasy, but really, REALLY good. I did have to spice it up just a little bit with some red pepper flakes, and I found myself wondering what it would be like with the addition of some sweet chili oil, but all in all, I really enjoyed it and would get it again, no question. My husband preferred the cheese steak, but I would have to say that the pizza was the selling point for me. Service was good - quick and friendly - and we thought the prices were more than reasonable for the amount and quality of food. I'm definitely a fan, and we'll definitely be back.
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2010,1/7/2011,130,37,,9,4>Retro Vixen is everything an adorable local boutique should be: cleverly decorated, eye-catching and, most importantly, stocked with fantastic merchandise. If you're a fan of retro or vintage culture, Retro Vixen is your new home for sparkly handbags, amazing shoes, dresses and retro-inspired accessories like a fuzzy dice-shaped train case or a pink with black polka dots bathroom set. My favorite part of the boutique, however, is the rack of skirts and dresses for the Voluptuous Vixen. As a curvy girl, I've had difficulty finding my size in other retro shops. At Retro Vixen, however, I had to physically stop myself from buying two adorable dresses (I'll be back!) and can't wait to see what comes in next.Check it out, and if you're so inclined, book a photo shoot with Vixen Pin-Up Photography - the lovely Nikki Moreno has studio space in the back of the shop, a perfect place for you to channel your inner pin-up model or burlesque performer. Happy shopping!
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2010,1/5/2011,50,183,12,17,6>Am I the only person who finds it hilarious that Dixon's Chili in Independence, which serves the exact same product, is as of this writing, rated 4 stars, while Fritz's sits at a measly 2.5? There's no sense to it! It's madness! An apple tastes as good whether it is from this orchard or that, provided that the sun shines similarly in both locations, the soil's mineral content and pH are close matches, and so on. Sheesh, people!So what if it isn't chili like most people expect? What difference does that make? Hello, regional specialties. Granted, Kansas City-style chili is no Cincinnati-style, nor Texas-style red in terms of name recognition. It is admittedly somewhat obscure, even to some KC lifers, particularly the younger generations (damn whippersnappers!) but once you get to know it, it can actually be quite charming. Trust me.Alright, you have ordered your chili. You look over it. It is kind of just a bowl of unseasoned ground beef. You take a bite. You think to yourself, "What in the crap is this?" You walk out and never come back. You have failed! Insert quarter to try again.*clink!*You have ordered your chili with beans, "juicy" (pretty sure this means they add some bean juice or grease or something, I don't remember or care) with cheese and onion. Then add liberal amounts of the chile-infused vinegar and proprietary Fritz's / Dixon's chili powder you will find on the table. Stir to combine, then eat and enjoy. You think to yourself, "Ohhh, I get it..." You win! Great success!
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/4/2010,1/4/2011,146,38,2,8,3>First of all, I like - or am going to like - the space. Located on the bottom floor of ad agency Barkley's orange and glass-front office building on Main Street, it's got the right curb appeal to establish the trendy vibe. And what little is there to be viewed at this point all centers on a cohesive aesthetic of orange, blue and black. The attention to detail is quite refreshing. Even the napkins and plastic silverware exhibit the funky, fun colors.The outdoor seats are quite nice in that there are several tables that seat four people comfortably, and there isn't too much foot traffic on the sidewalk that might cause agitation for those trying to relax and enjoy their tasty frank.Also intelligently planned and presented is the menu which has a narrow focus on classic and original hot dog concepts with homemade condiments and sides. I'm sure the temptation was there to play it safe and offer a burger, chicken caesar salad and club sandwich as a catch-all for the non dog lovers who might stop in, but they were deftly avoided in favor of a focused restaurant with fewer barriers in growing its reputation.Among the choices are dogs you won't find anywhere else in town, like Le Poodle, a French-themed dog topped with Boeuf Bourguignon, melted Brie, radish, chives and pinot noir mustard and The Blue Pig with blue cheese crumbles, crispy shallots, applewood smoked bacon and Maytag blue mustard. Those who would prefer to create their own can select the Dog Nuvo option and choose their own kraut and mustard, which are all house-made and thoughtfully done.My selection on trip #1 was their Chicago Dog which I'll review as part of my upcoming Chicago Dog throwdown, but suffice it to say Dog Nuvo's Chi-Dog was a thoughtful representation of the classic with its own gourmet twist. Perfectly sufficient. Also on that trip I treated myself to a side (a large one) of cole slaw, which was creamy (maybe a little too much so) and, thankfully, not too sweet. It came with nice additions such as walnuts, sliced red grapes and thinly sliced red onion for some bite. This was a tasty slaw to be sure, the added touches giving it increased depth and textures that were appreciated.On trip #2 I felt a moral obligation to try The KC, almost as if I'd somehow neglected, my whole life, to familiarize myself with a famous city staple, though I'm almost certain this dog was only conceived in recent history (the only other place I know of serving a hot dog with burnt ends on it is the new Arrowhead stadium). The KC did not disappoint - too much. While the "burnt ends" (written in quotation marks on the menu, even) that topped the dog were a little sparse and lacking in smoky flavor, their tender texture was better than expected. And the barbecue sauce selection - one of the only condiments on the menu Roth doesn't make in house -  is the super-tasty "The Secret Sauce" of American Royal winning fame. Adding a contrasting sweet and vinegary taste to the rich dog were bread and butter pickle slices, cut thin enough to fit the bun well, but thick enough to stand out with some pungent crunch.And while I commend Chef Roth for his culinarily advanced hot dog preparation method, it's a little lost on me... because the dogs themselves get lost in the buns and toppings. Touted as being "crafted using natural casings and infused sous vide before grilling in our secret Nuvo brine," the hot dogs are definitely tasty. But for this all-beef-frank fan's tastes, they're just too skinny. I imagine the smallish size is a calculated decision made so that the other toppings, when piled on, have at least some chance of nestling down into the bun enough that the whole thing can still be picked up and eaten without completely falling apart, but I couldn't help feeling as though I was left wanting more meat in my dogs.Prices seem right-on what they should be for these dogs with a gourmet twist. The dogs themselves range from $4 to $6, sides from $3 to $5 in generous portions. Yeah, you could leave here having spent $10 on a hot dog for lunch, which seems steep, but given the quality of the food one should feel like they got what they paid for.There's more to come from Dog Nuvo. Some menu tweaks are inevitable given the youth of the restaurant, and they've yet to reveal the dining room and full service bar, which will completely enhance the entire restaurant's experience. So consider this review a sneak peak at Dog Nuvo; and so far, I like what I see.
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2010,1/3/2011,123,254,,5,4>I love to come into Trapp & Company.  They have a variety of items for gifts and the home, but where they really shine is their floral department.  Whether you're looking for a bouquet, an arrangement, a corsage or a boutonniere, anything that you find from Trapp & Company comes out tasteful, elegant and stunning.  They also work with events and do delivery.  If you're really lucky, you might visit during one of their open house weekends where you can find great shopping and delicious snacks too!
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2010,1/2/2011,76,384,2,16,5>I first came to KC Brake about 3 years ago when I needed a front end alignment and discovered that the repair shop I had been using before had gone out of business.   It had been recommended by a friend who swore by it, he in turn had found the place on recommendation of another friend.When I returned to pick up my car at the end of the day, I was amazed by the low price!This is now the only place I take my car, whether for the mundane like inspections or oil changes or for more major issues.   (Yes, they do more than just brakes.)   I'm always impressed by the speed, quality, and price.Most of my repairs have been done the same day, even when I haven't had an appointment.      As for price, well, here's a good example -- this past winter I hit a chunk of ice with my car that tore off my front bumper.   I dropped my car off in the morning.   When I returned that afternoon I found a repair job done so well that I can barely tell anything was ever wrong, and a bill that was less than fifty dollars! (And that even included an oil change!)These guys do the work because they love doing it.   They aren't out to make a fast buck.   You'll be charged for the parts and what's fair for the time, and nothing more.   This is a great place to get your car serviced.Hmmm... maybe I shouldn't have said anything.   Because now that you all know about this place, it will get busier and next time I might not get my car fixed quite so fast!  :)
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2010,1/1/2011,28,62,4,5,5>It is basically an unwritten rule at this point: if you live in Kansas City and want genuine Mexican cuisine, then you need to take a trip down SW Boulevard, for in those few miles connecting Main Street to Mission Road, and linking Missouri to Kansas, you will find some of the metro area's finest cooking.My girlfriend and I were lounging around at her apartment one evening, trying to figure out where our stomachs would take us that night. Cascone's was too far north for us at that moment, and Manny's was packed and not taking any more reservations for the evening, being in the midst of their 30th anniversary celebration. So we decided to jump in the car and let our taste buds act as divining rods, seemingly connected on another plane of existence with the steering wheel, leading us to places that one could only imagine. On this warm, late summer's night, our taste buds led us to Rico's Tacos.After finding luck with securing a parking spot only a few dozen meters from the place, we got out of the car, clasped hands, and made haste toward the diner, our growling stomachs not allowing us to walk any slower. I pushed open the steel bar-enforced front door, which appeared to be that of the previous owner, likely a bodega-esque convenience store, and entered to the smell of... cleaning supplies. The smell of bleach, or ammonia (hopefully not both together) hit me with a force that, at first, made me want to either turn around and leave or get my food order to go. The lady at my side protested that we should tough it out and get a table, as we were the only customers in the place. I begrudgingly submitted to her request.After taking our seats at one of only five or six tables in the place, we were given a basket of chips, a small tub of salsa, and our menus to order from. The chips were unremarkable, thin and largely without flavor, but the salsa more than made up for that. Most restaurants have a salsa with a spicy kick, a pepper-concentrated bite. Rico's salsa actually tasted sweet, the flavor so strong that neither of us could successfully place it as a fruit, vegetable, or other. I pleaded with a woman working there to let me in on their recipe, but she of course denied me one of the world's best kept secrets.Being the shining star of public education that I am, I had trouble translating a portion of the menu items, but no matter as I already knew that I was going to be ordering my standard dish of pollo tacos. I've come up with a rule of thumb regarding Mexican restaurants; that is, any place worth it's salt can make a decent chicken taco. Those who can't, those who bring me a soggy, disheveled mess of dry meat, wilted garnishes, and a higher than acceptable ratio of grease to flavor in the tortilla shell, will not be revisited. It's really the only way to separate the good from the bad. That, and the use of Velveeta cheese on their tacos, but that will be a review of another restaurant at another time.If Margarita's has the market cornered on Tex-Mex style hard shell tacos liberally topped with lettuce, tomato, and cheese, then Rico's is the heavyweight champion of truly authentic Mexican cuisine, the kind that depends more on quality of flavor than quantity of the meal. As you can see in the picture I uploaded, the tacos I ordered (a la carte) were minimally topped. Not that they could have been stuffed, being that the soft shells were no more than four inches in diameter, and doubled up to prevent tearing. No, my dear reader, these tacos were created by an artist, the Michelangelo of Mexico, the Hokusai of jalapenos, the van Gogh of.. very delicious food.The first four pollo tacos I ordered went down with ease. At one point, I picked up a bit of the chicken that had fallen out of the shell and ate it on its own, and only then did I realize the magnitude of flavor that was enveloped into such a tiny package. So I ordered four more. While waiting, I took in the scenery of the diner. Old photographs, presumably of relatives or ancestors, framed and hanging on the wall, angled to the side just slightly from months or years of neglect. A glass display case left by the previous owner, now filled with styrofoam to-go boxes, stetsons, and little cultural knick knacks. A map of Mexico tacked to the wall immediately to my right, displaying all of the hot destination spots in the country at the time the map was printed in the '80s. An elderly man, likely one of the owners or at least family of, sitting a few feet in front of the television hanging on the wall, getting his fill of professional wrestling for the evening. And behind me, the check-out counter that was left from the last tenant, now used as a makeshift kitchen and emanating incredible smells toward the back of the building. If I closed my eyes, I would think I was sitting in someone's home, waiting for a home-cooked meal.Suffice it to say that the second order of tacos was as good as the first, but I've unfortunately run out of room here.
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2010,12/31/2010,24,42,,10,7>I remember growing up in Gladstone, they tried a curbside recycling program. It was probably in the early nineties. We had a little sorting area in our garage, for plastic, paper, and aluminum, I remember no matter how well we rinsed out the plastic containers, it would always end up smelling bad. I want to say that the city only picked up recycling every other week, and they would only pick up one material. One week they would pick up paper. The next time they would pick up plastic, and so on. We were constantly confused as to which week it was, and what they were picking up that week. Eventually we started taking our recyclables to a recycling center that used to be set up in the Antioch Mall parking lot. That center closed after a while, and recycling became kind of a hassle. We gave up on it completely when my dad bought a trash compactor. There really was nothing like putting a glass jar in that thing and listening to the hydraulic compactor utterly destroy it. Skip ahead fifteen years, and now KC has the one bin system, they pick it up every week on trash day, no sorting necessary. One problem, they don't take glass. For years now my wife and I have been driving our glass to recycling drop sites. Often times we would forget to take our glass for a couple months, and when we finally got around to it, we had accumulated so much glass that we would easily fill the trunk of my Jetta, and have to use the backseat as well. But really, sorting the colors, waiting in line, the fact that they don't allow you to back into your parking space under no circumstances gets to be a drag fast. Enter Ripple Glass Recycling. Started by Boulevard Brewery, this company has over 64 drop off locations. This location happens to be in the parking lot of my local liquor store, so I never feel like I'm getting eyeballed by some judgmental housewife when I'm throwing out my empties. The company doesn't require you to separate glass by color, and according to their website, you don't even have to rinse your empty bottles out. This has been especially helpful for us when it comes to empty baby food jars. These drop off sites are basically just big purple dumpsters plopped in the middle of a parking lot. No lines, no rejects fulfilling their community service requirements getting on your back for parking too close to the dumpster. It's just you and your empty bottles against the world. Navigating their website is easy for anyone, even me. They have a map that shows you where the nearest drop off site is, and they give you a quick history. It's difficult to write a review for a service like this without becoming preachy about how we should all recycle, glass is one of the easiest materials to recycle, but it's not biodegradable, yada yada yada. So let me just say that this company has done a lot of work to dispel any lame excuses that people have for not disposing of their glass responsibly, and hopefully they will be around for a long time. My hope is that my daughter will take our practice of recycling and use that as a ground on which to build even better habits.
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2010,12/30/2010,92,76,4,6,2>I don't care about ice cream much (there, I said it!). But sweet mother of corn, this place is good.Yes, last year when I found out Christopher Elbow had sweet corn ice cream in his repertoire, I rushed down to the store for a pint. It was pricey, so that's all I ever got, but it was creamy and tasty as I had hoped. When I found out about Glacé, I was ready for more of that corn. What can I say, I was brought up by a Malaysian woman (corn ice cream is commonplace there) and raised in the Midwest.Unlike most of the other reviews, I had no trouble getting in and out... there were probably 3 other people in line in front of me and my squeeze. With flavors like French lavender, cherry with goat cheese and creme fraiche, it was tough for me to choose, but I went with the sweet corn, of course, and the fleur de sel caramel. My unimaginative guy got lemon sorbet, vanilla bean and mango passionfruit sorbet.My verdict: Wonderful. You already know how I feel about the corn, and the combo of salty and sweet in the caramel conflicted with my tastebuds in a big, beautiful way. The boy, on the hand, was not quite as impressed. He didn't like the lemon sorbet (I think you really have to like lemon to enjoy this one) and was just okay with the other two. Basically, if you're into trying unique and tasty ice cream and sorbet flavors from an artisan chocolatier, Glacé is the joint. If you just want a scoop of vanilla, find it cheaper and probably just as good somewhere else.
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2010,12/29/2010,159,346,4,9,5>My Zoe goes for her "day of beauty" every two months or so depending on the weather.  The two women I have the most contact with are super nice.  When Zoe was diagnosed with her creaky hip they recommended a shampoo and conditioner made specifically for arthritis.  I really think it works.  She is perkier for a few days after her appointment.  Her haircut looks good too.  She comes home with a jaunty bandanna and looking like a new girl.I like to support local businesses and Empire Pets is one of them.  They are good people and care about your pet.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2010,12/28/2010,28,76,5,5,4>Best.....onion rings.....Evar ! Heavily breaded, crunchy beyond Cap'n crunch and slighty sweet.......nom nom nom.........You'd never think this ratty lookin' roadside place would have good food......but it does! It really, really does ! Quite a menu for such a little place, everything from corn dogs to tacos. Did I mention the onion rings? Ice cream in every imaginable flavor and chocolate "shakes" to die for....bring your spoon...it's just a huge cup of soft serve ! Yum ! Did I mention the onion rings ? Funny little place, no seating with the exception of your car. You open the door only to be greeted by 4 or 5 gals hollering at you for your order. Did I mention the onion rings ? And these folks are fast. They have to be. This place is so busy sometimes, all you can do is press your face against the glass and look longing inside and wait for your turn. Did I mention the onion rings ? Daily specials here include hi-boy burgers, tenderloins (my personal fav), to fish on Fridays !! They can and will do special orders here. My usual is a tenderloin with Miracle whip and pickles only. And you heard me....Miracle whip...no mayo here. Did I mention the onion rings? Place is a tad on the expensive side, but well worth it. Don't forget the onion rings......
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2010,12/27/2010,521,843,5,10,8>I bet when I go to this donut shop again, John,  the owner, will remember me. He seems to be that kind of guy. I visited this donut shop0, mainly for Duck Funkin' Donuts. I don't care that a Dunkin' donuts is opening up the street. Heck, I live in Independence, I don't care what open up the street in Overland Park. The picture I took, commemorated the Dunkin Donuts opening.I have a heart for local shops.Living in Independence, I have to gravitate towards Kansas City, or Overland Park to have, what I dare say, is culture. People in Independence are going to complain to me for that one, but i don't care.Yep, I drove a mighty way for a donut, that I'll only eat half of...(dieting...I'll gain if I eat all of it). What I found was a a gem of a place, tucked on a road, I've used frequently, to go to Harper's Quilt Shop, or other shops in downtown Overland Park. John's Space Age Donut Shop has the look and feel of the century it was born from: 1967. The donuts are worth the trip. Absolutely awesome! Warm apple fritters! Almost sold out,I'm glad I got there when I did. The ambiance was grand. Painted a turquoise blue, with old time "food bar" stools on each side. People drinking coffee, and eating donuts. It literally reminded me of an older shop, that had a smile on it's face. The donut counter sits in the middle of the two eating areas, and when you enter the store, you see the donut counter. When you park in the back, walk by the side of the shop, and the innerworkings, making the donuts are visible. (Seems a large chain donut shop followed suit).The owner was very pleasent. I met the guy who arranged the Facebook group, there. I got a free glazed donut. What most will bring me back here is the apple fritters, and the caramel topped cinnamon buns. Not big, like a dinner plate. The apple fritters are a nice size. Priced on .85. Succulent sweet, but not huge. Warm. No huge "Hot Donuts Now" lights or fantastic ads for this shop are needed. It stands as a replica of a generation almost past. I hope they never change this shop, and I will be back.
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2010,12/25/2010,195,325,5,8,7>I want to start off with the main point in case you lose interest soon... make someone at your table order the Cuban (add bacon for a buck) and a side of Wasabi Coleslaw.  Ask for the fries to be loaded.  Ok... now, you need to be the one that orders the Cuban or you will be jealous of this pulled pork and ham sandwich the whole time.  Don't be tempted by the upgrade to onion rings.  They are ok but the fries were quite tasty and even better with sour cream, bacon and cheese!  You have the choice between fries and pasta salad.  I'm picky about pasta salad and inquired about it.  She said she would bring a sample but ended up bringing a sample of coleslaw instead.  Anyway, you can substitute onion rings or a side salad (what? why?) for an additional charge.  The wasabi coleslaw was subtle at first, but ended up packing quite a punch (in the nose, it burned).  This slaw ended up saving my sandwich.  You see, I got the Dead Texan because I am impressionable.  It was a novel idea (a pile of stuff), but the flavor just wasn't there.  Just as the Cuban was the clear winner, the Dead Texan was the clear loser.   I put some slaw on it and tried to imagine something better.  Coming in second place, The Colonel was something to shake a stick at as well.  This sandwich was ever so moist and tasty.  If you are looking for a chicken sandwich, then this one should be considered.There was a special for the day and it was the Pastrami Burger. Not a bad burger but my heart was already won by the Cuban.   The place itself is a lot larger than the outside would lead you to believe.  It had a bar seating area, another room for seating and then a game room.  It was kind of sectioned off and I thought I was about to wander into the kitchen or some employee area.  So, don't be afraid to look around.  There is plenty to see.  Bicycle on the ceiling, signs a plenty, at least four tvs in the the bar area and a beer list that is a full page long, small print front and back.  Oh and the music ranged from Johnny Cash to AC/DC.  Parking is down a narrow ally in between Jimmy Johns and Swaggers.  You almost have to know it's there before taking the chance it's not a dead end.  It's not, but it seemed to be pretty tight quarters.  I already have a list of what I want next time.  I must try one of the Portabella sandwiches (Tempura fried or hummus stuffed), The Steve Martin Jerk Chicken and I would like to sample that pasta salad with a Jameson and Ginger (depending on the price).  The Caipirinha was 9 dollars ... I might try it some time but dang.  So, don't believe the DDD hype about the Dead Texan.  Try it if you must, but don't expect much.
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2010,12/24/2010,530,119,6,9,9>Crown Center was quiet that evening, and The Dame and I walked through abandoned, after-work hallways and mid-century elevators mirrored and intimate to the floor of The American for The Traveling Cocktail Club.  The lounge was open for their residency, and since we'd been such fans of Manifesto, keeping up with their ventures around town allowed us to try new venues while being able to enjoy the particulars of such amazing mixology.  Tonight we had the added benefit of a special bar-menu items prepared for the occasion, and a fine, fine benefit it was...It's no surprise we had the best drinks in town (ingredients included St. George Absinthe, a personal favorite), but while whiling away the evening hours, enjoying the sunset over the KC skyline through the magnificent bay windows of the space, we got hungry.  I handed the menu to The Dame and asked, "What can you eat?"She's a vegetarian after all.  In Kansas City, sometimes that means "no dice, we're a carnivorous town", and at first glance at the menu, it seemed that may be the case here, as well. But here's where The American really impressed me...Our staff-server that evening was so amazingly gracious and accommodating, already, that this pretty much took it over the top.  Upon hearing that The Dame couldn't actually order anything off of the bar-menu, he found out her particular likings, generally, and stated, "We'll make sure you get something".And with that, we were soon greeted by a custom-made plate of vegetarian goodness prepared by the kitchen currently staffed by a Beard Award Chef.  So, not only accommodated for personal taste and preference, but prepared no hassle, on the spot.  It's that kind of service that makes places like this such a great experience.Now, enough about that, I wanna talk about my own Chewmories....I got the Braised Pork Belly Sandwich.  Holy.  Moly.  This thing was the thing that a regular old Ham and Cheese sandwich ASPIRES to be.  The Pork!  The Bread!  The CHEESE!!! Oh my god I can still taste this thing and it's been weeks since it was in my mouth.  I savored every delicious (and non-greasy!) bit, complete with incredibly flavorful fries on the side, and my smokey brown-liquor drink.  These were the moments that we came for.We stayed all night.  Between the conversations, food tasting, and multi-drink imbibing, who'd want to leave?  As the saying goes, we didn't have to go home, but we couldn't stay there, so we ventured back out into the quiet abandon of Crown Center.  Walking to the garage, lit up and satiated by food and drink, a fellow patron walking to their car was taking advantage of the empty, concrete spaces and singing in an old-jazz style, reverberating through the warm and quiet night, finishing off our experience there with a lazy calm of satisfaction...
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2010,12/23/2010,115,89,18,7,8>Part of me wants to write a one-star review... You know, spin some fanciful yarn about finding a poisoned sparrow bone in my curried chicken salad. This would probably be because instinctually, I want to dislike something that others so heavily covet. I hate the Yankees and the Patriots. The Lakers can suck it. Telling tales about H. Gillis, though, would be a lie. And we know what those do to baby Jesuses.I went here on a Saturday with my fiance and my stomach. I'm not a big fan of lunch by nature, but I'd heard and read good things, and I love me a sandwich now and again. So I hopped right in. I had the meatloaf sandwich. It was crunchy and tasty in all the right spots. Dulaney had the asparagus contraption and I sampled that as well. It was surprisingly good, even though asparagus makes your urine stink. Everyone has already written about the neighborhood (old-world charm) and the decor (alt-country threw up in your grandmother's parlor) so I won't. It wasn't busy at all, which would normally induce worry about the future of a place that I'm just learning to enjoy, but it's been there for awhile and everyone seems to rave, so I'm not too concerned. I want to go back soon and try the Bah Mien, which is made out of Vietnamese people, and the curried chicken salad sandwich, which is probably made out of what you think it is... sparrow meat. Mr. Gillis, I'm glad I found you.
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2010,12/22/2010,123,113,1,5,4>Let me preface this and say I haven't ever had El Salvadoran food before.  However, after seeing a yelp email about all the Mexican restaurants in the area that I  haven't tried, I thought it was time for me to branch out.Unfortunately, I didn't branch to a new Mexican place...I found this little gem instead.  When I was at my old office, this place was like 5 minutes away.  It is also really close to a friends' house so they are willing to meet me for dinner now and then when we go here.We went one evening and it was fairly busy.  We sat down at a largish table and the server came immediately.  The food is made to order so there is a little wait but I have to say it was worth it.  I had the pupusas and they were good.  The one with loraco was not super flavorful.  The one with the pork was delicious.  The cheese one was cheesy.  I had tamales which were amazing.  Again, I had pork and that was delicious.  I think I had chicken too and that was great.  I am a huge fan of the tamales.  I had the tongue tacos - delicious.  The cabbage slaw was spicy and delicious.  But almost too spicy for me.  I fear I have allowed myself to become a spice wuss.  Gotta work on that. I had the dessert ...dumplings?  I cannot remember the name.  The bean ones were eh but the milk ones were delicious.  I need to go back and try some other things.  I am taking a list of what you are all eating.okaybye.Aimee
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2010,12/21/2010,74,1211,2,6,3>Having done a few MBBQ places before, I was right at home here. The staff was OK... the oldest one, a lady roaming the floor was the nicest of the bunch.The crab rangoon were very good. Mini spring rolls tasty. The melon was PUUUURRRRfect.The array of ingredients was VERY good. 10 proteins by my count. I like to go vegetarian at these places so I stick to the tofu. The veggies numbered around 20 with nice additions like jalapeno, cilantro, corn, zucchini, and green onion.The spicing area had 10 sauces and three recipes... mild-medium-spicy. I had all of them and they were all good. The spicy sauce was particularly tasty. Nice additions to the norm included chipotle powder, five spice powder, Mediterranean spice,  white pepper, garlic chili paste, hot chili paste, and sesame seeds.Really... much better than most [e.g. HuHot] in terms of variety and flavor.
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2010,12/20/2010,72,133,3,4,5>Sweet!  This is a place I'm honored to be labeled a regular at.  Not only do they support local artists and local muscicians, they support local shoppers such as myself.  The hubby and I had a lovely afternoon in different corners of the store - he was in the back room jamming on their monster-sized amp to his little hearts content.  I was trying on about a dozen amazing vintage hats that Rod had pulled especially for me.  Love the personal attention, great prices, and eclectic stock.  YELP - thanks for introducing me!
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2010,12/18/2010,106,152,1,7,3>I love Jessica B. she Rocks!My uncle does my hair but he can be testy at times so Jessica is my relief pitcher. Jessica also does waxing too!She always gets the job done and she takes pride in the work that she does. The prices here are amazing! Especially for the men. They also have merchandise, rockabilly styles and stuff like that.If you don't like stuffy overpriced salon but appreciate quality this is the spot.
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2010,12/17/2010,247,223,,12,3>The chef here is the famous James Beard Award-winning chef, Celina Tio.  I had dined at the American Restaurant, when she was the chef there.  When she opened Julian, advertised as serving "comfort food," I was not happy.  The economy is so bad that an eminent chef needs to move from the American Restaurant, the city's most upscale restaurant, to opening a comfort food restaurant?  Sounds like the recent downhill dining move of Chef Krause in Lawrence. But I was surprised.  What Chef Tio has done here is genuinely innovative.  For example, I got the fish tacos.  They were not catfish wrapped in tortillas.  They were mahi mahi wrapped in corn crepes.  I  also ordered the mussels.  I have mostly lived near oceans and like fresh mussels.  In Missouri I have been less than happy with mussels.  They seem rubbery in the Midwest, except in the best restaurants in Chicago.  In St. Louis and Kansas City, I have usually avoided mussels, but to my surprise Julian's mussels were really fresh.  I was more than happy.The wine list starts at midrange and goes up to higher end wines.  There are no low priced wines on the wine list.  But among the midrange wines are some good buys, such as the Joseph Drouhin Laforet Burgundy chardonnay. The American restaurant is  the city's closest version of a world class restaurant, but the gap is big.  Compared to the world's best restaurants, the American Restaurant disappoints.  The city doesn't have a real world class restaurant.  In contrast, Julian is not an imitation of anything.  It is an innovative original.  Celina Tio has done something special --- and I applaud her for it.  I was prepared to be disappointed.  But I wasn't.  Instead I was impressed.  Julian is a real "Kansas City Original."
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2010,12/16/2010,36,58,,6,2>When I was backpacking in Europe, we spent about 2 weeks in Italy, and every single morning, I would get a cappuccino and a pastry at any of dozens of adorable cafes.  When I got back to the states, I'd try and order cappuccino, with hopes that I would have that same satisfying "mmmm" feeling wash over my mind (and belly)!  Alas, never quite the same.  But, thanks to other Yelpers, I tried out Broadway Cafe this morning and was able to relive my blissful Italian mornings!  I sat and watched the Sunday morning patrons happily sip their favorite coffees, espressos, as I had a delicious tall cappuccino with the heart shaped foam, and a buttery delicious "I don't care if I have to run a 5k to work this baby off" black currant scone.  And you know what else?  It's not even expensive!  I spent half as much as I would at other more branded shops, and Broadway's coffee is just in a different league than those shops' more mass-produced, bitter brews.  I AM A FAN!!
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2010,12/15/2010,24,132,3,6,3>Love this park, love this neighborhood......it is the true quintessential KC hood.  Tons of bungalows, four square houses and some really great old apartment buildings throughout.The city has added new asphalt paths for walking, there are a couple of baseball diamonds and during the summer and fall you can find anything from softball to kickball to rugby.  I feel totally safe and comfortable in this park and walk my dogs and play fetch with them here most days.    It's my "Home Sweet Home".
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2010,12/14/2010,30,103,4,3,3>Who knew that beef tongue with green salsa cures a hangover? Honestly. This is one of my favorite places on a Sunday when my head is aching and my stomach needs the cure. I find things on this menu to try that I don't see on other Mexican restaurant menus. The place is informal, clean and the service is always good. I put a buck in the jukebox, which  only has Hispanic music, close my eyes and pick...and then sit and nurse a margarita while chewing some warm corn chips. I ask for the extra hot salsa and the green salsa. You gotta ask for them or you get the regular stuff. I have tried many items on the menu and have not been disappointed. There have been times when I can only manage some rice and beans, a fried egg and corn tortillas. Perfect with my beer.
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2010,12/12/2010,44,150,2,3,4>I have enjoyed every visit to Blue Koi.  We celebrated my daughters 21st birthday here three years ago and she and I have made it a "special" visit place.  She was visiting from Mississippi this week and, of course, it was where she wanted to go.  We both have the same things each time we go.  So I can only comment on a couple of menu items (and should have tried everything on the menu by now!). I have the Shanghai Wonton Noodle Soup (made it spicy this time) and love it each time!  Delicious broth, huge wontons, and enough for three meals!  My daughter has the seafood noodle soup.  Beautiful seafood and broth - she typically finishes her meal!  We share an order of dumplings - pork & pan fried - they are to die for!  So amazingly yummy.  They also offer many flavors of bubble tea that include alcohol if you choose.  Amazing.  The service is always friendly and prompt.  The parking is behind the restaurant and there is plenty of it.  A great stop in Westport!
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2010,12/11/2010,36,117,,5,2>I give this five stars for North African cuisine.  It is as good as it gets in KC.What can I say that hasn't been said about the injera?   I asked for extra of the spongy bread to sop up my meal.  Spicy, set with complex array of spices that you'd find in cuisine from equatorial countries.  If you're a foodie and want to sample other-wordly flavors, get on some Blue Nile.  Sit outside and people watch on a Saturday.
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2010,12/10/2010,45,81,,6,2>This is the closest restaurant to my office so I'm a regular diner.  As a fish taco fiend, that's what I usually get: 2 tilapia tacos, lettuce, pico & the best part - chipotle crema, which makes them extra yum - served w/ rice & soupy pinto beans. These fish tacos are always great. It's somewhat annoying that they charge for chips 'n salsa, $2 (just because so many places do not) but I understand that they are not free. $0.25 fee for to-go containers too :/ Ceviche is good, but sadly only served on Fridays & Saturdays (same for their shrimp cocktail).  For some reason I've never has luck with shrimp dishes here - shrimp are large 'n plump but always seems undercooked to me & lacking flavor.  Not a whole lot of vegetarian options, but a few.  Lunch specials from 11am-2pm are a good deal ($5.99 each for your choice of a burrito spread, pork burrito, plain quesadilla, beef tacos, beef or chicken chimichanga, tostada or beef torta + rice & beans).  Happy hour specials from 3:30-6.  Margaritas are just dandy.  Service is prompt & nice.  Space is kinda dark but cozy.  If you like fish tacos or are in the neighborhood, stop in for a fine meal.
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2010,12/9/2010,48,61,1,6,4>Today marked my second visit to FüD, and I'd have to say this visit was LOADS better than the last.I love the idea of any restaurant sourcing local, seasonal, organic items.  And if they have vegetarian offerings, AWESOME.  Luckily, that is the entire idea behind FüD.The following items are super delish and highly recommended:-smoked tofu sandwich-chalupa-fried tacos-portabella wrap-cashew ice creamThis restaurant gets how to season their food and season it well!  Everything tastes fresh, delicious, and there is not a thing I would change with any flavor profile.  It is truly some of the best vegan food I've ever had.They get -1 star because the set-up is just confusing.  I overheard the owner saying they are hiring, and they do need one more employee.  If you're in a hurry, this isn't the place to come.  Everything is cooked to order  (by 1 cook), and the owner was waiting tables, clearing tables, taking orders, and filling drinks.  She was clearly swamped.The food too isn't freaky and is a good way to introduce meat-eaters into the incredibly fulfilling world of vegan cuisine.
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,12/8/2010,36,91,6,7,5>If I could live on an ice cream only diet, I would be the happiest person walking this earth.  If I could eat only ice cream, the ice cream I would choose would be that of Murray's.  Every time that I think that I have a favorite, I find a new one that I love just as much.  The flavors and creaminess is unmatched.  They are closing soon for the winter months so buy a deep freeze, run to Murray's and stock up.  Spring cannot come quickly enough.
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2009,12/7/2010,9,68,3,4,4>This place make some good American Chinese take-out food.  I have had the chicken and veggies and Kung Pao Shrimp and both were excellent. I am sure everything is good, but I can't mess with perfection and that is why I always get the same thing. The crab Ran Goon and egg rolls are also worth ordering... Most importantly, this place is cheap and the portions are huge!!!!
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2010,12/6/2010,184,189,2,5,3>There is a certain majestic quality that this local bar produces. I don't know if it the 60's feel emitted by the decor or the friendly bartenders that are genuine people trying to make a living.The place isn't massive and you can always count on a good game of darts and excellent music. I like the Tuesday night scene because they have a great DJ playing both kinds of music, Country and Western. That's a joke btwThe beer is always ice cold and the mixed drinks are a little heavier here than other places. The location is tough because there is limited parking in the lot and on the street though you can park in the Walgreen's parking lot. There is an excessive amount of hipsters here some nights but everyone is very nice and always makes you feel welcome. Cheers to Chez Charlie's!
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2010,12/5/2010,76,154,2,13,6>Move over same ole same ole! Theres a new sheriff in town, here in these Western Shawnee parts! and its name is TWISTED!Just opened a week ago, and in an area where there isnt much to choose from.It is absolutely delicious! Very clean,Very organized,VERY FRIENDLYThis is a sandwich, burger, taco place.I came and asked to recommend something, and Alan (owner) gave me a very good run down of everything.My daughter had the cheeseburger, she said it was "amazing" (but of course she likes everything) price: $4.25 and it came with chips and a drink :)  cool!I had ordered the Cajun Chicken Tacos, except I had it put into a wrap,it was Cajun grilled chicken breast with pepper jack cheese, avacado, shredded lettuce, black beans, and corn salsa. price: $6.75It was delicious! chicken was nice and moist and the whole wrap was full of flavors!If you are ever out here in those no mans land of Western Shawnee, you have to stop on by!Alan is as nice as they come, and i know would love your business!!
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2010,12/4/2010,25,61,,4,2>The best "dinner" BBQ in the best BBQ city. Yes, there is a difference between dinner BBQ and lunch BBQ - although both are available at Jack's Stack.  Dinner BBQ is a sit down experience - coupled with things like cheesy corn bake and a loaded baked potato. Lunch BBQ is more of a beef (brisket) on bun with fries and you'd be better off hitting Gates.The ribs, brisket, and burnt ends are the best you'll find. This is the spot to take people for dinner when they visit KC and want to sample the BBQ KC is famous for dishing up. A little known fact about Jack's Stack is they serve some of the best seafood in town. Don't be afraid to stray away from the ribs and try the shrimp appetizer or the catch of the day. The original Martin City location has down home ambiance, the OP location is alright, but the Crossroads location with it's exposed timber, giant fireplace, and plentiful seating can't be beat. Jack's Stack is a true KC experience. Friends from the around the country request it every time they get to town and often have it shipped to their hometowns for special occasions. They've got the shipping process down, so don't be afraid to send it nationwide. It's a gift that your clients, family, and friends won't soon forget.
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2010,12/3/2010,31,37,,9,4>Best falafel in Kansas City hands down.  This shop opened up in a Shell gas station in the Waldo area.  My wife and have been looking for good falafel since moving from NYC (and eating Mamoun's every week up there) and finally found it.  Jeurusalem Cafe is ok, Aladdin is a bit better, but Papu's cafe is fantastic!  Cheap, clean, and great food.  What more do you want? A real gem hidden in a gas station!
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2010,12/2/2010,15,29,,8,3>Olive Café hands down serves my favorite Middle Eastern food in town.  I can't really say it's my favorite restaurant because it's really food service inside of Grocery Store.  But don't let that scare you off - what comes out of the kitchen is excellent and certainly the locals favorite.  Olive Café is tucked away in the back of a small, older strip mall just south of the James E Reed & Bannister Road intersection (behind the 7-Eleven).  When you turn into the strip mall drive straight to the back, don't pay attention to the sign on your right for the Olive Café it's their old location and now the bakery.  You will see the counter when you enter the grocery store/café; a small menu is on the wall. Simply order at the counter (you don't pay yet), and go find yourself a table.  The food will arrive fairly quickly, I don't recall ever taking more than 5 minutes. Once you're finished eating pay at the counter -I suggest buying some of their fresh baked breads - excellent!I've tried about 6 or 7 things so far and all have been great or excellent. Everything is very reasonably priced - $5 - $7 for most items on the menu.  The falafel is absolutely my favorite in town - nicely fried but soft and moist on the inside.  They serve them as an appetizer or in a pita sandwich.  The sandwich has some type of saucy vegetable mix - I can't exactly explain it.  The chicken and hummus platter is a generous helping of grilled chicken and hummus - almost enough for two. Mix and match with your friends, that's the best way to experience this place.Be aware, they do for an hour on Friday's for prayer.  I would call ahead to confirm the time, but I believe its noon to 1pm.
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2010,12/1/2010,55,37,2,6,4>If I'm going to get a pizza delivered, it's going to be from Cafe Al Dente. A couple blocks over, you feel like your Italian cousin Joey made it just for you and drove it over himself to ensure only the best quality would end up on your doorstep. They have a variety of creative and tasty pizza combinations - last night we tried the Time Out - white sauce with parmesan cheese, spinach and bacon (on half). Add a hearty portion of creamy, rich tiramisu and I'm set! The coffee chocolate delicacy literally melts in your mouth :)I'd also recommend the Italian sandwiches with your choice of side (chips, fries, cottage cheese, pasta salad, Asian coleslaw or potato salad). Their back porch is a perfect summer hangout to kick back a few beers and share a pizza with friends. Nice happy hour with lots of drink specials and cheap appetizers - check 'em out! They'll make you feel like family!
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2010,11/30/2010,21,25,,7,2>Went here with a group of friends, thumbs up!Small and cozy setting, large wine list, and the food was delish!  I went with the tasting menu to get the full experience and I recommend that.  The service was a tad slow but not horrible.*Per request, this is what I had exactly...-Mixed greens with sherry shallot vinaigrette, red grapes, cucumbers & ricotta salata-Housemade goat cheese gnocchi with nettle pesto, garlic chives, asparagus and hazelnuts -Grilled porcini rubbed 14oz ribeye steak with salsa verde,mashed potatoes and garlic bacon mustard greens (fantastic!)-Goat cheese cheesecake with honey and berriesWines: Dom aine Huet "Le Haut Li eu" Vouvray '06 (Loire)              Lail Vineyards "Blueprint" Sauvignon Blanc '08 (Napa)
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2010,11/29/2010,54,79,2,3,3>I really think that there must be some sort of two-face to Extra Virgin, because when I came me and my friends had a great time.  Me and my friends came after the Yelp Elite event and ended up sitting at the bar for 2.5 hours having a couple of drinks and sharing a few platters.  The food arrived within 10 minutes after ordering them.  The bread pudding was absolutely unctuous and incredibly well seasoned.  The Lebanese Hummus was very good (nothing amazing but still quite flaverful).  The only way to describe the boar sopresseta is to imagine a high quality salami on HGH.  The fried duck gizzards were tender with a spicy flavorful sauce.  They were missing some of the gaminess I would expect with Offal, but still were a definite high point of the evening.Me and my friends sat at the bar and even though we only ordered two drinks and the four appetizers, were not hasseled and allowed to sit and enjoy our food and drinks.  GIven that it was a friday night, the ability to take our time and not feel rushed was greatly appreciated.  I really can not comment on the service at the tables, but I would deifnitley recommend sitting at the bar and be willing to spend a couple of hours drinking and eating.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/26/2010,11/28/2010,81,208,,2,3>Always an enjoyable meal here, you really cannot go wrong on this menu. Often a destination for lunchtime (business lunches) for me, the environment is busy enough but not to noisy. Booth or tables are available (as is outside seating and the bar).  The environment is classy, maybe upscale. The service is fair, not great but not bad enough to complain about.The food is always good, again not to rave about it but you will like it. Its not authentic Chinese food (thank god) but Americanized. Dishes are ample and priced well for lunch portions about 12-15 a person (with drink). Overall Bo Ling's is a good lunch time stop.(lots of parking around in the market also.
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2010,11/27/2010,28,132,2,4,2>We went here last week and had the dinner buffet on Friday night.  It was $12 for each of us, not including drinks, for all the delicious food we could eat.  Our waitress asked us if we had been in before, and when we told her "no," she took us on a tour of the buffet so that we could be sure we knew what everything was.  Some of the labels were wrong because they were incorporating some new items as well as the regular things (kudos to them) and had not yet changed the labels.  I tried a little bit of most everything.  The smell on the chicken and ground beef kabob meat reminded me of my mom and grandparents, and since they cook some of these foods authentically, that's a compliment.  The falafels were amazing and the hummus and babaganoush (sp?) were also delicious.  They were trying out samosas, but they ran out and did not replace them while we were there (perhaps for the test run of new items).  I had some lamb curry and they had many types of basmati rice to eat with the meal.It was REALLY good, and I would highly recommend this place, especially to those looking to patronize a non-chain local kind of place.
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/8/2010,11/26/2010,14,12,3,7,3>The Westport Flea Market serves a good hamburger, but if you are looking for the best hamburger in town, go to Blanc Burgers + Bottles, and if you are looking for the best flea market in town, go to River Market Antique Mall.That said, the Flea Market is a unique place...it really is a flea market (only a handful of booths) and restaurant/bar (44 beers on tap, probably the coldest beer in town)! I usually rock out with a 10oz hamburger with American cheddar (greasy, use lots of napkins!) and fix-it-up at the self-serving fixin' bar (thousand island, tomatoes, lettuce, and onions). It comes with side options (french fries, cheese covered french fires, onion rings, baked beans, or cole saw). I really like the cole slaw.  I gave the Flea Market three stars, because I have two major criticisms:1) They do not take credit/debit cards, only cash--a bitter limitation that I thought only existed at garage sales. There is an ATM inside of the restaurant, but it will charge a $2.50 transaction fee.2) Ordering food and drinks can be a pain. I believe Ray Kroc would shed several tears over this logistical hell. When entering, you must go to the right side of the bar and order your food (but not drinks). Don't be fooled by the menus on the table! Trust me, you gotta order at the bar. After ordering, you can sit anywhere, and then the waitstaff will come and take your drink orders (tip the waitstaff, even if it feels awkward since they only deliver drinks). When your food is ready, the chef will call you name over the PA system (you give your name when ordering and the chef will roll or take friendly liberties with you name). The bar also has pool and games. On Friday and Saturday night, they host Karoke (Japanese for train-wreck?). One recent night, my buddy and I actually saw a pre-teen boy sing Flo Rida's "Low"--who in the bar felt the most disillusioned I wonder? They have a porch and recently added an outdoor projection screen. The place is a little dive-ish, so don't examine the walls, bathrooms, or allies too closely before you eat (it's not the Capital Grill for a reason!).
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2010,11/25/2010,22,51,33,12,12>If your shopping list looks like this...milkbreaddozen eggspower drill96 piece fried chicken*socksbronze buffalo statue2 cartons of USA Gold 100s1.75L Crown Royal30pack of Miller Litecowboy hatslab of ribs4pack of ashtraysbottle rockets**cheerioshave a key madecase of zig-zagschristmas tree**shampoo...then you only need to visit Red-X to fill all your needs.  If they don't have it, you don't need it.  And they have fried gizzards!*Call ahead for 96 piece fried chicken.** Seasonal item.
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2010,11/24/2010,82,237,17,3,2>HI MAY I HELP YOU!!! "Hell yes you can help me. Give me some MOFOBBQ!"BEEF ON BUN PLEASE!!!When you walk into a Gates establishment you better know if you want, Beef, pork or ribs. This isn't rocket science and you can pretty much yell anything you want back and it's completely acceptable. This place is a circus of madness and for the main show you get a great plate of Kansas City style BBQ. That's were the fun is, you can show up, yell and rant and get served some food.The day before thanksgiving I showed up. They yelled, MAY I HELP YOU!! I said "Hell yes! I want a 16 pound smoked turkey!" The lady stopped, spoke with the guy in the back and yelled back "Come back in two hours!" My transaction was complete and I had my turkey two hours later for thanksgiving. Easy peasy. It isn't the best BBQ in the world but you can use gates more as a bar of average. If the BBQ you're eating isn't as good as Gates then it sucks and the cook shouldn't have bothered. If it's better then Gates then it's more then likely really good. But how can you beat getting yelled at for food!?At home I make my wife dress up in an apron and yell this at me in the bedroom.
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/19/2010,11/23/2010,49,71,2,2,2>As other reviewers have stated, my parents used to go here when they were first dating.  I used to drive here from Leavenworth when I was 16 with my good friend Bekah all the way down the hills of Johnson Drive to get a taste of Don Chilitos.  Anywoo, yes, I am a little more lenient on this restaurant because I have been eating there since I was a kid.  It hasn't changed over the years and it is cafeteria style dining.  I can see why others don't care for it, but the atmosphere is what I enjoy when I dine there.  I usually get the enchiladas (Chilito style minus the tomato) and ground beef tacos.  I like the sopapilla bar, but I believe they are now charging for honey.  There salsa is mediocre at best, but I believe this restaurant is worth a try if you don't mine loads of gooey cheese ( and not only do I not mind loads of gooey cheese, I encourage it!)
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2010,11/22/2010,47,283,,6,3>Sweet!Very nice atmosphere, super comfy.I love the covered front porch area, complete with a swing and a water bowl for the puppies. Love the use of local Shatto milk. Love that they have Nutty Girl sandwiches- and for $3.50! Love the friendly employees. Love their green methods. Love the coffee- my Soy Pumpkin Spice Latte was perfect. Most of all I LOVE that this is so close to my house!
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2010,11/21/2010,30,77,3,4,4>I was here on a Thursday night around 7pm. The venue is small and standing space was elbow to elbow. Frustrating if you're looking to sit down and have a quaint meal, but VERY promising if you're looking for good food. My friend and I debated staying or leaving. After reading the rave reviews about their wings, I wasn't going to leave no matter how bad the seating situation looked. I put in an order for two dozen wings and camped out a table until someone left.The wings arrived and the server laughed. "You ordered two dozen?" he says with a smile. At The Peanut, one wing consists of a drum, wing and tip. Needless to say I was taking home most of my meal. Which was completely fine by me since these wings were some of the best I've sampled since my short time in KC. They have a great buffalo flavor: hot, peppery and not too tangy. The blue cheese that accompanies the wings are also fantastic. I can only guess that its a blue cheese and garlic concoction that is made in-house, unless someone can inform me otherwise.The rest of the reviews on Yelp are true, the wings are fantastic.
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2010,11/20/2010,292,268,19,23,7>I love "Ladies that Lunch"!  It really brings out the voyeur in me.  It takes me out of my normal life and lets me live in an entirely different world if even for a lunch hour.  Plus, ladies that lunch like to have a little drinky drink with lunch and we all know that's a great thing!  On the rare occasion that my partner and I have a weekday off together, we love to go to The Webster House for lunch.  The food is excellent, priced well and accompanied by great service.It's always fun to look around the antique floor too.  The prices are kinda ridiculously high, but that's ok.  The service is always great and nice.  It's also a great place to go during the holiday to get you in the mood for the season ahead.  I'm always a fan of a place that has a good bag and gift wrap and this place fits that bill.I need to go for happy hour and dinner still, it's just hard for me to miss out on the LTL crowd.  Obviously if the place is a LTL kind of place, then it's definitely a great place to take your mother, sister, grandmother, gay son, gay brother or gay father to lunch.  Now go and have fun!
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/1/2010,11/19/2010,54,74,,6,2>This could easily be bumped up to a 4 star review in the very near future.This is for the newly opened pizza side of this establishment, in the space that used to be "Golden Wraps."  This place totally reminds me of a pizza place in a foreign country.  Strange toppings abound - (Kifta? Falafel? Chicken Shwarma?) .  They have the regular stuff too.  Right now they are running a 2 for 15 dollar special.  These are not tiny pizzas, either.  Probably somewhere between a large and a medium at any of the chains around the area.The crust was great, the pizzas were cooked perfectly - cheese golden brown and everything.  Toppings seemed fresh, which is always reassuring.  The pesto was a little strange, but not bad strange, just not really pesto.  More like a lemon-y version of pesto.  I chalk this up to them being housed in a Mediterranean restaurant.  I think it might be a little better for you, too, as the pizza wasn't dripping with grease as most pesto pizzas end up being.I will definitely be back, especially with that 2 for 15 dollar special going on.  After all, what do you have to lose?
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2010,11/18/2010,55,20,10,6,6>Nica's makes me very happy. Aggressively happy. In fact it makes me ANGRY that I'm not there right now being happy. Now they have a liquor license so I could be there RIGHT NOW getting DRUNK AND HAPPY! GRRRRR!!!Anyway, the menu is creative and everything is very well executed. It's a mix-and-match kind or affair with different flavors and styles of food. So you can have sweet Thai crepes or sweet Thai pasta, Margherita pizza, pasta, crepes or sandwich, and so on. Everything I have had has been drool-inducingly good. The beignets (p.s. learn the word "beignet" Yelp spellcheck) are awesome, and the coffee drinks are great as well. The bubble teas are the best you will find in the city. None of those weird flavor powders here, this is real tea and flavorings. The smoothies blew my mind, many were Arnold Palmery tea/lemonade or juice type concotions, and I can't wait to have another.Alright, so if you are down south for work or school, or you live there, or you fell asleep driving on I-35, just go there NOW (assuming they are open...better check that first, sleepyhead).
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2010,11/17/2010,111,63,1,7,3>5 Stars    Thats RIGHT  *****Count them   1,2,3,4,5.........I don't give out 5 stars that easily. Check out my reviews.  I'm honest and it takes good food at a good price to get 5 out of me.  Los Tules Does it.You get an awesome lunch spread for 7 bucks.  Loaded burrito, hunks of pork as big as, you know what.  A fat tostoda covered with homemade beans and lettuce and cheese.  Wifey got the white cheese spinach/chicken/enchiladas,  OH YES.  The chicken was pure white breast meat, and completely full of flavor and tender lovin' goodness.  Both lunch specials for 7 bucks came with a nice helping of homemade beans and homemade rice.  Both sides were fresh and flavorful.  All this for 7 bucks.  Great food Great Price. Great Service.  You get 5 stars. and a fat tip from me.Anyone who thinks El-Patron has a good lunch deal needs to try Los Tules.
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2010,11/16/2010,189,280,7,5,2>Free sample of Challah spread with butter: melt-in-my-mouth fantastic.Rich, zesty, OMFG delicious lemon bar: Made with the most perfect, buttery shortbread I have ever experienced.Taste of a chocolate chunk cookie: THESE GIANT DELECTABLES ARE ONLY $1.50?!Bloom: New obsession.
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/11/2010,11/15/2010,553,763,3,9,4>I live in River Market and I have been curious about this place for years.  It always seemed so mysterious.  No windows, you never see patrons coming or going and I don't have any friends who have tried it out.After a long First Friday exhibition, we took a vote and all felt up for something new.  The exterior reminds me of most of the restaurants in Phoenix.  Sketch on the outside, but all the money is spent inside.  In this case, I don't think they have spent any money on the interior recently, but at one time they did.  It was just as I had imagined.  The red glow, mirrored walls, Italian murals, old school group at the bar, lounge singer and an Italian menu that the Midwest loves.Lounge singer, Frank Cherrito was performing when we arrived.  It was nice background, but every half our it seemed to get a little louder.  At the end of our meal, we couldn't even hear each other over "New York, New York."  There was a Lonnie Anderson double that was filling in on duets and she was really getting the bar area rolling.  A lot of customers were coming in just to drink at the bar.We started with the fried calamari, which was perfectly fried and tender.  My entree was chicken spinidini, which was also fried (but didn't say it on the menu) and came in a thin olive oil sauce.  The spindini was decent, but the pasta that came on the side had a thin & watery tomato sauce.  Most of the sauce rested at the bottom, so it was hard to get any flavor unless you used a spoon.  The service was very attentive and quick.  Waitstaff used teamwork to get things done and that is always impressive.You know what?  It is met my expectations.  Anthony's is not pretending to be something it is not.  It is straight forward with old school charm on the side.  Think Garazzo's with added character and more attention to the customer.  There is a reason that this place has been in business downtown for over 31 years.I am not even going to try and color correct my photos of Anthony's, because this is part of the experience that is Anthony's.  Do you remember the Sinfield Kenny Rogers Rotisserie episode? Apparently, Anthony's does a fried chicken night on Sundays?  I think that is worth another trip.
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2010,11/14/2010,70,56,2,6,2>A few things to note about Harling's-1. It's upstairs, up fantastic old, steep, steep stairs.  After a few, just make sure you hold on to the railing going down.  2. Cash only.3. I'm a vodka and soda girl, the soda tends to be flat.  I have to either resign myself to that (it's a dive and it's super cheap) or order whiskey.  4. Tuesday nights there's live jazz.  It's amazing and there's no cover.  Does it get any better than that? 5. It is dark, old, dirty and dilapidated (part of the ceiling is missing in random areas around the bar) but hey, I love that.  6. I wear heels there and feel comfortable but I could wear sneakers and feel comfortable too.  Wait, I'd never wear sneakers to a bar.  So yeah, umm, for the rest of you feel free.7. The bartender (at least when I go) is HOT, not overly friendly but hot.  In fact, I'm not sure I've ever seen him smile but that's ok.  He wears a no nonsense face and looks good doing it.   8. They close early on Friday and Saturday nights like at 10, if I remember correctly and are closed on Sunday and Monday.  That being said, they will be closed randomly and you'll have to find somewhere else to drink on a Wednesday night.
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2010,11/13/2010,57,268,1,8,5>Amazing food, delicious drinks, great atmosphere, family business, friendly owners, free wi-fi, and Pakistani/Indian groceries.  What more could I ask for?Upon the recommendation of a friend who is a regular here, I decided to stop by one night.  As soon as I entered the establishment, I was greeted by Kashif, one of the friendly owners.  I had already eaten dinner so ordered a hot chai tea to go.  That was when I noticed they carry Pakistani and Indian groceries in the back.  Kashif helped me look for the items I was looking for and provided me a menu I could take for my Indian fiancee to peruse.Visit #2:Returned with my fiancee as he was excited to try a new Pakistani/Indian restaurant and happy that we didn't have to drive all the way to Overland Park to buy the ingredients we need to prepare Indian dishes at home.  We met Abdul, another one of the owners, and chatted a bit about his UMKC studies while waiting for our mango shake and skung vee (spiced lemonade).We set up camp for several hours and later ordered one of the weekend specials of curried organic squash from the Brookside farmer's market with lentils over basmati rice.  Also decided on the appetizer sampler that includes samosas, pakoras, and spiced mangoes.  Everything we ordered was excellent and seasoned to perfection but the samosas especially deserve extra props!The best samosas in town and one of the best in the country can be found here at Chai Shai!  The perfectly crispy crusts enclosed a filling of potatoes, peas, and cilantro with a spicy kick that really sang to me.  I've had my share of samosas in the past where the breading was too thick and the filling bland and was glad that these were expertly done.Looking forward to coming back to try the hot pink chai tea and more weekend specials!
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2010,11/12/2010,48,51,5,4,5>Rosati's Chicago-style pizza is a carb party in a box - and some days, that's just what the doctor ordered. Their crust is thick, buttery and flaky. Mozzarella is fresh, tomato sauce is chunkily delightful, and the variety of toppings rivals...a place with a wide variety of toppings. Yes, a small is around $14, but unless you are a. starving or b. one of those creepy competitive hotdog eaters with a stomach the size of a four-gallon bucket, the small should easily feed you and one close friend, with leftovers for lunch the next day. I do not recommend this as diet food. I highly recommend it as a tasty dinner that will surely require you wear your fat pants to work the next day. No room to eat-in here, although this might be a good thing, since you're probably better off wearing your elastic-waist pants and nomming this in the privacy of your own home.
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2010,11/11/2010,112,59,6,4,8>This guy's chocolate was on Oprah, ok? End of story.What, not good enough? Ok. Eating crap chocolate is like eating anything else bad. Yeah, it satisfies your need for that thing, but it's not truly satisfying. It's like kissing your first boyfriend versus kissing George Clooney. Christopher Elbow chocolate is the suave George Clooney of chocolate. It's complex and looks damn good.Christopher Elbow is one of the reasons I don't eat grocery store chocolate anymore. The flavors, the texture, the complexity...there's really just no reason to put anything of lesser quality in my mouth.Oh, and the ICE CREAM. Ok, I wasn't too keen on the sweet corn ice cream, but the fleur de sel, and the other flavors I've had are outstanding.Please PLEASE don't over look the fruit gels while you are there. They are not the Brach's orange slices you ate as a kid. They are AMAZING. The texture and the burst of actual fruit flavor are just heavenly. My favorite that I've had is guava.My favorite chocolate there is strawberry balsamic. It's messy and glorious and like nothing else. I'd like a stack of say...12 of them right now.Go to Christopher Elbow and never, ever eat a 79 cent candy bar again.
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2010,11/10/2010,41,66,,11,6>Le sigh.  I'm already in love with Reading Reptile, and this just makes my heart sing even more for that shop, and the whimsical nature of everything inside of it.  Looking in from the outside, you can't see much past the dense, papier-mache forest, but walk inside, turn immediately to the right, and you are greeted by a couple of tidy refrigerator cases filled with beautiful cupcakes.  I am not a huge cupcake lover, yet I had to restrain myself because they all looked so good!  I ended up with a Big Bad Wolf (large chocolate cupcake with a Grandma cupcake inside! and chocolate meringue buttercream), Goldilocks (lemon polenta lavender cake w/ vanilla meringue buttercream), Jack (chocolate cake with vanilla buttercream), Snow White (white cake with apple frosting), and Robin Hood (Boulevard stout and ginger cake with lime buttercream.)So you don't think I'm a total pig, these were shared with my husband and son.  I got to try some of each, though, and they were all moist and really tasty.  I loved the frosting on the Big Bad Wolf, but overall my very favorites were Snow White, and Robin Hood...and Goldilocks.  I'm excited to try others!Besides the cupcakes themselves, I LOVE the look of Le Petit Rouge.  The signage is some of my favorite in town (frames with fabric inside.)  There are little baskets lined with red fabric for sale to carry your cupcakes in if you desire.  You can eat a cupcake in the shop, or take them to go.  They have containers of milk, and bottles of water available for purchase if you need them.
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2010,11/9/2010,108,140,4,9,3>It's an olive oil store, the type of store that a food lover will be bound to love. They have about 30 types of olive oil and balsamic vinegars in big canisters. You walk around and sample as many as you like in little tasting cups. No longer does olive oil buying need to be a guessing game.My favorite was a blood orange infused olive oil from Tunisia (they also had a lemon and a lime infused one, but they weren't as good). A chocolate balsamic vinegar was also wonderful. It was tough to not come home with the raspberry balsamic vinegar. Nearly everything I tried was wonderful.A small problem however, is that I feel like I drank a half pint of olive oil  and vinegar while I was there. I understand why they don't have bread samples to dip into the olive oil, but I sure could have used some bread at some point.Each olive oil and vinegar has a little sign stating it's origin, some of the flavors and food pairings/recipes for that oil. It's very helpful. The owners are also very helpful as they mill about helping customers decide. I'm sure if you were to go in and describe what you were cooking they would come up with a good olive oil to serve your purposes.Prices range from about $15-$18 per 375 ml bottle or $30-$40 per 750 ml bottle. It seems expensive but it's really not because a good flavorful olive oil goes a long way. They also sell some spice rubs and marinades along with some salsas and other homande-y goods that you find in little country home-y shops.It's well worth a visit, especially when the farmer's market days start up again. This little block in downtown OP is quickly becoming the place to go spend a Saturday morning and afternoon picking up some produce, spices, baked goods and now olive oils. Just to be safe, though, you should probably hit this place up at your first opportunity. I just don't know how long an olive oil place can last independent of the farmer's market crowds.
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2010,11/8/2010,262,244,3,13,5>After I got married I was searching for a way to express how happy I was/am through a tattoo.  Suddenly, it came to me.  I would tattoo the design from my wedding dress directly on me.  I initially consulted with Jason, after seeing my design he took me to Chet.  He explained that it was more Chet's style.  Anyplace that shares the work like that has got to have something great going!  Chet put his own spin on the design I brought in and it was beautiful.My plan was simple, but I was kind of nervous.  I wanted to get the wedding dress tattoo while wearing my wedding dress.  Thankfully, Chet talked me out of getting blood all over my dress but agreed to do a photo shoot with me just like we were doing the actual tattoo.  Both visits to Mercy Seat were so awesome!  My tattoo took six hours and I was so giddy.  Chet is very professional and easy to talk to which was nice since I sat topless with him for that long.  (Covered, of course).   The photo shoot was so much fun.  The skulls and the dark decor were a fantastic contrast to my wedding dress and the guys were all so supportive.  I recommend this place to anyone who wants to deal with professionals.  These guys know their business and are very good at what they do.  I hope to get many, many more tattoos here and you should too.  Oh!  And be sure to hit them up on First Fridays to see some kick ass bands and meet the guys.
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2010,11/7/2010,2544,833,7,8,7>There are three things you should know about me:1) I have expensive taste.2) I DON'T have a ton of money3) I like me some whiskeyEarlier this week the boyfriend and I were debating what happy hour to hit up when he said he wouldn't mind having some oysters as well. Since I've already written off City Tavern, our downtown options seemed woefully limited. Without knowing thing one about their specials, we walked into The Bristol and bellied up to the bar. Oh. My. God. This happy hour is INSANE! Not only are their oysters 75 cents each, but they also have a huge variety of happy hour food offerings. In addition to a dozen oysters (which were perfect) we had a duck flatbread which was orgasmic. Well, not literally. But it was damn good. Our other choices were just ok. The mussles were a bit uninspired, and their bruschetta looked pretty on the plate, but were a total mess. Basically it's a "build your own bruschetta" platter, and it was a pain in my ass and i kept dropping tomatoes and olives on my pants. Hey Bristol, deconstructed plating is for losers.Then there were the drinks. Quite a few different options, for a reasonable price. I couldn't tell you what any of them were, however, as i stopped looking when i spotted the lemon basil manhattan. Boys and Girls, i have found my 2nd favorite cocktail in all of KC (behind the Pendergast of Firefly/Manifesto fame). Do youself a favor and go get one. They also had discounted beer, if that's your thing.I work less than 2 blocks from The Bristol and had never been to their happy hour, instead spending those precious moments on subpar specials and subpar bars. I can't ever get those minutes back, but i can help prevent you from making the same mistake.
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2010,11/6/2010,728,115,10,13,6>Find yourself famished in the crossroads closer to sun up then sun down?  If its Thursday, Friday, or Saturday I have found the fix for my booze induced tummy rumbling at YJ's...I almost feel like I should apologize for that but something tells me I am one of the more acceptably behaved patrons.  I tend to slurp down coffee like it's a race (which is no sweat off the back of the barista being that they do charge for refills.  I repeat, they do charge each time you top off that tiny cup with eye popping piping hot java) and eat at least two oddly paired "courses."Last time I paid the YJ a visit  I was surrounded by a pre-selected silly post 3 AM bar crowd.   Translation: inside voices were not always observed, laughter at a level that would make Paul Bunyon wince ensued, multiple air pots of coffee were pounded and I'm pretty sure an entire oversized carton of 18 eggs was utilized.  In addition to tried, true and hard to screw up options like scrambled eggs and the bovine and swine crafted into patties, links and strips we also opted for some non-traditional breakfast fare.  The hummus was great and had just the proper grainy texture and grill marked bread.  This arrived prior to the rest of the food so all the inebriated carbo-load folks snatched the pita naked style, the spunky bandana sportin grill chick happily tossed some more down for us.   We also went for pancakes and French toast to follow.  These plates worked their  way around the table like clockwork to be shared and consumed by all.  Times like this make it evident who didn't go to Pre-School and get that extra year of sub conscious "sharing is a good thing" drilled into their head.  Yea, I'm looking at you mister, stop hording the communal pancake platter...and pass the syrup!While I recognize you must have a certain level of tolerance, patience and grace to work in ANY spot that welcomes drunks at all hours it should be noted the service here is always a step beyond.  These folks have a sense of humor, a smile and paint a very different environment than a Perkins during the graveyard shift.   Oh YJ's when the weather warms up a smidgen and I am tearing up the weekend downtown scenes into the witching hour once more I'll be back to drain your coffee pot with regularity!
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2010,11/5/2010,76,219,3,4,5>OK, we'll get the 1-star demotion out of the way.  It's pretty much the noise in here - does not facilitate conversation well, and at times, was really over the top.  I will have to admit that a large party came in and was seated next to us, and most of them appeared drunk, and not too used to 'dressin' up all nice and such for sum city eats'.  But anyway.On to the good....  which is, of course, the food.The four of us had two inside-out burgers (bleu cheese inside of the burger, which is amazing), a surf-n-tur burger (yes, a lobster tail on top of a burger), and a turkey burger (yes, my wife always eats the healthy stuff while I eat the food that is stuffed with other food).They were all delicious, and the truffle fries were fantastic.  We also had an appetizer of calamari fries, and they were fab.  The onion rings were just OK - maybe a BIT too much batter?But seriously, the food was really, really good.I may have to start looking for a good cardiologist.
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2010,11/4/2010,202,441,1,7,5>Muddy's, located next to the UMKC campus, is the ideal escape for the laid back artist or caffeine addicted theatre major looking for a quiet place to practice his lines.Muddy's is a small coffee shop with countless painting on the walls, enduring books lining the book shelves, and a pastry case full of tantalizing deserts.The menu boards were full of irresistible choices including a chai latte, a vanilla bean/ coconut latte, and a mixed berry mocha. The barista enthusiastically suggested a white chocolate chai latte. If ecstasy could be poured into a cup, it would take the form of a white chocolate chai. Intriguingly sweet and perfectly warm to the lips, the white chocolate chai was divinely delicious.Muddy's even offers fifty cent refills on any of their specialty drinks, a deal not given at many coffee shops.In the mood for poetic inspiration? Looking for excellent customer service? How about the perfect caffeine buzz? Muddy's is the place or all this and more.
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2010,11/3/2010,339,655,3,12,11>Let me start off by saying that I am biased. I am used to East and West Coast Thai food. Since moving to the Midwest, I've had average or mediocre type. NO MORE! Why can't you be closer to my home? Here's what I ordered:Coconut shrimp (nicely presented and tasty;loved the sauce), tamarind chicken (sweet n spicy with a nice kick), and pad see ew (medium plus is too spicy, but well prepared). I ordered all medium except the pad see ew, which I ordered medium plus. Well, let me tell you, medium is just fine. I'm used to having hot salsa without a drink quite often. Medium plus is VERY spicy. I'd die with hot!The food was good portions (had leftovers) and tasted amazing even reheated. I want MORE! The staff was quite friendly and didn't rush our order. She customized the heat to our specs. She came often to check on us, too.We were seated right away and the food came rather quick.This is a smaller place, but cute. You can park for free in the parking lot as this is in a strip mall.
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2010,11/2/2010,222,511,5,12,5>OMG, like let's totally go to the mall!Ok, for those of you who want to revisit HS, there's far better ways to do it then the above. Enter Broadmoor Bistro - a restaurant in a local high school. Yes, you have to go into a high school to eat.A local high school you ask. But why? Well, it's a technical high school with a number of programs. One of them is a cooking program. Kids need to apply to get in and it's a difficult process from what I understand. So you know the kids that are there are dedicated and passionate about what they do.As part of the program, they have Wednesday night restaurant night. This where any average person off the street can make a reservation between 5:30 and 7:30 pm and have a four-corse dinner for only $25! You get to choose from two appetizers that include general apps, soup and salad, an entree and a dessert. The menu changes every two months. They also have a guest chef that comes in every month or two and does a special four-course four around $50.The kids in the program run the restaurant. They are the cooks and the wait staff. They are rotated through the restaurant each week so everyone gets the true experience of what it's like to be in the restaurant world. There is only one adult around - Chef Bob - who is there to ensure things go smooth.As for the food... everything came out looking top notch. The food looks like it came out of a 4- or 5-star restaurant. You almost don't want to eat it. But then you take a bit and it's really good. I will say the taste of the food is probably at a 4-star compared to other places that serve in similar style, but remember these are high school kids churning this stuff out. But because of all the other factors, I cannot help but bump it up to a 5. Also, it's the beginning of the year.  I'd love to see how the food progresses as the year goes on.I started with the bruschetta. It was a trio with six pieces total - one with goat cheese, one with wild mushrooms and one with tomatoes. I was honestly really looking forward to the mushroom one but that was the one that left me feeling meh. The tomato version, though, was out of this world good. Very fresh and complex flavors. I could have eaten 20 of them. The other app I had was specially made since I cannot eat seafood. That was more of a miss.For the entree I had the veal over potatoes gratin. Let me just say a baby cow did not die in vain. It was tender and flavorful and up to par of some of the best restaurants in this city. The potatoes were perfectly creamy and flavorful. The broccoli rabe on the side was the perfect compliment to the dish. Definitely the standout of the meal.For dessert I had the deconstructed brulee. It's a good thing my husband cannot do dairy. I'd have slapped him if he went near. The brulee was a chocolate custard pudding on a bed of crumbled graham crackers with home-made toasted marshmellows, which were the highlight of the dessert.Overall, this place totally rocked. They are extremely good about catering to allergies or food sensitivities. They'll also give you a tour of the whole area after your dinner, which I would suggest doing. Also, since these are high school kids (i.e. teenagers) that are kind of in that awkward phase, expect them to be nice and friendly but not quite confident to the same level an adult would be.That being said, with Broadmoor Bistro in the picture, I'll never be afraid to return to high school!
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2010,11/1/2010,12,101,1,6,4>What can I say about McGonigle's that hasn't already been said?  Okay, here's one: check them out in the summer time when they have the big smoker going on in the parking lot and try some of their fantastic pork and beef straight from the grill!On to the usual. Best location for meat of most any kind in town, period.  Yes, the prices are on the higher side of average, but you get what you pay for.  I wish I lived closer so I could partake of their prime protein more often.  Regardless of where in the metro I live, though, I still use McGongle's alone for my fresh Thanksgiving Day turkey.  You owe it to yourself to at least stop in and have a look.  I've also purchased lamb for Easter and various seafood items, including salmon, and not been the least disappointed.One caution: beware of limited parking.  You may have to park along the street along back and walk a little further.
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2010,10/31/2010,148,216,,9,4>Tapas and sangria on a warm spring day...what could be better?I've never ordered anything I didn't like here.  Chorizo stuffed dates wrapped in pancetta, baked goat cheese, white bean puree...it's all good!  They have an extensive hot and cold tapas menu and they're known for their delicious sangria (white or red).The hosts, bartenders and servers are always friendly and very attentive.  Even when it's stuffed full of people, they manage to provide excellent service.In response to the reviewer who said this is in a bad part of town, I'd have to strongly disagree.  It's within walking distance of the Crossroads and right at Southwest Blvd and Summitt.  It's not 1987 and downtown is no longer abandoned, but a very lively and active area any day of the week.The only bad thing about La Bodega is that it's small and the tables are very close together.  On a busy night with people waiting at the bar, it gets pretty crowded.  And because of the tapas concept, you tend to get people who stay longer than they normally would at a traditional restaurant.  So if you plan on going on a Friday or Saturday night (especially First Friday), plan on waiting a while.  Enjoy some sangria!  There's outdoor seating when the weather is nice and plenty of parking right next door under the bridge.  Don't forget desert!  The strawberry shortcake is amazing!
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2010,10/30/2010,122,77,9,9,7>Let me start by saying, I'm an animal lover. And by that, I mean I love their flesh. Their tasty, tasty, scrump-diddly-umptious flesh. But when I walk down the stairs into the strangely un-creepy church basement at the corner of 47th and Jefferson, my murderous thoughts seem to just fly straight out the stained glass window. This is vegetarian fare, yes. But its vegetarian fare that makes you forget its vegetarian fare. And it does so without putting on any "Look at me! Look at all this Textured Vegetable Protein! Look how I can mold this into freaky shapes and make you think its chicken strip!" sort of airs. It's perfectly secure in its veggie-ness, and the chefs really excel at constructing fabulous meals. Meals that yielded no body count. My personal favorite is undoubtedly the Garlic Grilled Cheese. Undoubtedly one of my top three sandwiches ever created by humans. This behemoth begins with a thick slice of fresh toasted garlic bread, heaped with cheddar, mozzarella, parmesan and blue cheese(!!). It's then topped with onion, tomato, chili cumin aioli (!!!), and finished with the "Oh-no-they-diiin't" suprise of a dollop of hummus(!!!!) The whole mess is then served on a bed of greens that somehow completes the experience. This sandwich, if you'll pardon the groan-inducing pun, is a religious experience. And while I haven't ever set foot in the Unity Temple upstairs, I can say from experience that in the basement these folks are working miracles.
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2010,10/29/2010,25,82,1,7,7>There's retro and then there's Retro, folks.Knock-offs have their place, they do.  But if you want the substance, you know, Herman Miller chairs that you might have actually been conceived on.  This is the place.There's this teak danish desk upstairs that I'd buy in a second if I had a couple thousand laying around in my underwear drawer.  The Art Deco pieces...ummm, I don't need to say anything here, frankly.  You know what I mean.They have a basement full of junk too, but the quality pieces are on the ground floor.  But just for the fun of it, do ask to see the basement as it's open to the public.  The lamps.  The Lamps.  THE LAMPS!If nothing else, it's a museum and it's free.  Grab your favorite squeeze, have a martini lunch, and drop in for a browse before you rush back to the office.  You won't regret it.
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2010,10/27/2010,38,51,,8,4>I'd been getting my hair cut by Nancy at the Darling Room for years when I heard that salon was closing and the stylists were dispersing.  I loved Nancy, and I loved the Darling Room - the decor was warm and lovely, and the stylists were all funny and inclusive and personable, and it didn't smell all salon-y.But this isn't about the Darling Room, this is about how I followed Nancy to Symmetry and how that's okay by me.  Nancy hasn't changed - she still expertly tames my multi-textured hair and will provide me with an inexpensive dry trim in between real cuts, she still cracks me up so much it's a wonder I don't leave there with a half-cut head of hair, and she still feels more like a partner in crime than a stylist.  So, in short, I'm happy.Symmetry itself seems fine.  It's a little hard to find, located in the basement on the back side of an anonymous office building, and it's definitely more salon-y than places I've gotten used to going (including that salon-y smell), but it's spacious and well-lit and the rest of the staff is friendly.  It may not be an A+, but I have no qualms about having followed Nancy there.
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2010,10/26/2010,117,166,6,6,3>Okay, i am giving this a 4 because I'm making this a review of the store and the warehouse. :)Starting with the store: they have TONS of cute things, but when they bring them to the store, they up the prices really ridiculously. Sometimes there will be a really good find in there for a reasonable price. But quite honestly, everything I have ever fallen in love with in there I felt like it was overpriced. Now I will say, that the price didn't stop me from buying those items, but it just kind of sucks when you find something vintage and you fall head-over-heels-in-love with it, and you HAVE to have it... so you bite your tongue, dish out the cash, and you go home feeling a bit jibbed. The staff has always been super nice and helpful though! So maybe that makes up for it!THE warehouse though! I LOVE the warehouse. It takes me about a year to go through it, because i am one of those people that have to look at EVERYTHING, but luckily it's laid out through time periods, do if you're looking for a certain piece you can beeline straight to that era. :) And although there is SO much to see at the warehouse, I have found it's well worth searching. This winter I bought a vintage fur coat there for $30! Unbelievable! it's in great condition, only one small rip in the elbow (that no one can notice unless I point it out.) it does shed a bit, because it hasn't been stored properly over the years... but for 30 bucks, I can't complain! And although this is slightly unrelated, I want to justify buying a fur coat. haha. I am pro-animal rights, hate new furs and leathers, but when the coat hasn't been a bunny in over 20 years I can't cry for it anymore, you know? I can just wear it and be super warm! Also, I remember the hours at the warehouse being really funky, so make sure you check before you go! And make sure you allot yourself plenty of time to take a gander!
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2010,10/25/2010,20,176,,5,3>Po's was delightful and charming. The staff was very friendly and obviously very proud of their small business and rightfully so. When I asked the waitress about fish oil, eel sauce and oyster sauce she easily told me which items to avoid and what were my best options. I ordered the veggie dumplings as an appetizer (careful the sauce it comes with has oyster sauce so sub soy sauce) and they were wonderful. They were fried but not at all greasy. For my meal I ordered the noodle curry add tofu. The Tofu was wonderful and filling. The noodles are homemade and you can tell. They have that wonderful thick texture that only comes from homemade noodles.If you read my reviews you can tell I am VERY picky, and Po's was delightful.
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2010,10/23/2010,58,134,5,5,3>The family had been craving Mexican, we were in this part of town and I remember seeing this place.  Didn't know the name, but I'm glad we stopped by.I can't really say this is exceptional Mexican food, but it just took me to a nostalgic place.  It reminded me a lot of the place we would go back when I was in college.  The inside looks cool with adobe house-like aesthetics around the booths and other places.  It kind of makes the booth seem a little more intimate even though it opens right out to some tables in the middle of the place.  The waitstaff were all men, which goes back to the old place we would visit...not really a reason to go, but an interesting observation.  May have just worked out that way for the afternoon.  The best thing about these places is when there is a large table and a guy comes out with about 7 plates positioned down one arm.The menu is quite extensive.  The main reason for this is all the different combos that involve the same general items with different fillings.  It can be kind of frustrating to try and find the combination you want.  I pretty much gave up since I really don't care.  I think I ended up with a beef burrito, beef taco and cheese enchilada.  Everything was delicious.  The burrito was more sauce than cheese, which is always a plus.  Rice and beans were fine.  Chips and salsa were fine as well.  They give you a jar of salsa, which is nice if you use a lot because you won't have to keep asking for more.Service was completely attentive.  It looks like they are setup to pay at the counter, although I saw our waiter run someone's card.  I left a tip and payed at the counter, no problem.  One thing I did notice is that your silverware pack comes with a crazy-long spoon.  The spoon is longer than the knife.  The knife also has a ridiculously small cutting edge.  I think I am going to develop an unhealthy obsession with this place.
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2010,10/22/2010,50,183,9,9,8>I wanted to make some pho, and gathering up my spices I realized I had just about everything, but I was out of star anise. Well, not out exactly, but the little metal jar I kept it in yielded but one sad, broken half-fruit  and the lonely point of another. That wouldn't do, but I had to be in Overland Park and didn't have time to stop at Planters. No big deal, I thought. Surely there is somewhere on the wild plains of Kansas's formerly forested plains (and current site of mostly parking lots) where I can find the star anise I require, and my quest for pho will be complete.I didn't realize how much of a massive pain in my ass it was going to be to find something as simple as star anise, but apparently the Whole Foods, Price Chopper, and Hy-Vee stores nearby don't carry it. And no, Mr. Helpful Hy-Vee Guy, anise seed is not what I'm looking for. Yes, it kind of tastes the same. Yes, it has the word "anise" in it. No, it isn't what I want, and no, I didn't just say something rude to you. I said, "This won't work for pho." It's soup. What I should have done instead of visiting three different useless grocery stores, and wasting precious time which would have been better spent cooking and eating brothy, noodly goodness, was simply Google "Overland Park spices," because Penzeys comes right up. Thanks to a sheer stroke of luck, I happened upon Penzeys while driving down Santa Fe right after having failed in my anise-finding efforts. I believed there would be no pho that night. The future looked grim and unbearable. Then, as I drove by, a light shone down from heaven, encircling Penzeys in a radiant glow! A beacon of hope!I parked and went in and discovered, to my sheer elation, first that they had plenty of star anise, and second that this place is totally badass! They have just about everything you could possibly want, and if they don't have it, they almost certainly know how to get it. Absolutely love this place, the store is really well stocked and the people are super nice. My only regret is that I hardly ever have a reason to be out that way for spice shopping.
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2010,10/21/2010,25,91,3,4,2>Wow!  Those were my words to my wife as I finished chowing down my chicken and shrimp Marsala.   The best naan I have ever had.  The rice, oh my God the rice was to die for. My wife had the butter shrimp and it was wonderful, cooked perfectly and the sauce had so much flavor.   I had my dish at the medium spice level and it was perfect .  The service was impeccable, ambiance was intriguing, and the food was the best I've had in months.   I can't wait to go back!!!
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2010,10/20/2010,21,54,,4,2>If you read my previous review, you would think I was going to avoid Sharp's, and I did. That is until I read in the Fat City blog that they got an actual chef and I thought it was worth another try. I wanted to like Sharp's, especially because of it's proximity to Foo's.It was worth it. My Inside Out burger (stuffed with bleu cheese and bacon) almost brought tears to my eyes and instantly became a new favorite burger. I thought to myself that it made all the other "gourmet burgers" a sad and expensive attempt that didn't live up to this deliciousness. But it comes with hand cut fries, so I had to drive all the way to slap my momma for not making ones as good as these.The smaller, simpler menu is a welcome change to all the over-the-top choices. Looking forward to going back to try out more dishes, but will probably get sidetracked by my new favorite.My wife had the Black Bean Veggie Burger, which she claimed tasted an awful like the store bought variety, but she enjoyed it until our son declared his grilled cheese boring. Another plus is the kids menu offers a side of fruit instead of fries, but like everywhere else, it is the same old burger, chicken fingers, grilled cheese, etc. choices. In other words, it is stuff they can eat at home and at school each and every day. If they offered something different, I would have given them 5 stars.Update: As of Oct 5th, the new chef (Patrice Welcher) is gone in favor of bringing back some of the old menu. (See blogs.pitch.com/fatcity/). I can't vouch if any of the reason I went back and enjoyed the new menu is still present.
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2010,10/19/2010,151,400,1,13,3>My most recent visit was with our current dog, when she suddenly started to have what seemed to be like a human asthma attack.We 'rushed' (via the speed limit) down Johnson Drive to Mission Med Vet and were quickly buzzed in and assisted.  All of the staff was very caring, and the vet explained her 'condition' in very simple terms, yet offered to do more tests if we requested.  She was fine; reverse sneezing is apparently common for dogs, especially scent hounds like our own. I'd never heard of such a thing! And it only cost $80 or so to learn it. Silly puppy!Our previous experience was with our older dog in 2009 when she was having bad seizures and was very sick.  They were all very compassionate, and gave me many options, and the vet also gave me her personal opinion, which I agreed with.  I was given as much time and whatever I needed as I spent my last moments with our sweet companion.  I asked and was given treats, and was allowed to hold her for as long as I needed both before, during and after she went to sleep for the final time.  The post-visit caring during that visit, and when I later visited to pick up her cremated remains and death certificate, was very good.
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2010,10/18/2010,123,254,1,7,2>George is a charming boutique with a variety of items for home decorating, attire and other such amenities.  The selection of coffee table books promises attractive printed plates that are highly appealing, and various knit and woven throws are a pleasure to touch as one browses through this attractive store.  Even if you don't have the means to purchase everything you'd like to in this store (and there are quite a few things which I cannot afford that I'd love to put on list Santa ), stopping in to look around is a treat for the eye.  Window shopping doesn't do George justice, you really have to wander in!
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2010,10/17/2010,113,57,7,10,8>This homestyle gem offers heart-attack threatening treats that may give you the ironic feeling of comfort food impaling your intestines.  The southern offerings here made me feel alive again as I slowly consumed the fresh collared greens delicately peppered with hot sauce.  The cat fish tastes like it had a good life in the rivers of Baton Rouge prior to being caught and transformed into a stick-to-your-ribs-friendly collective. Throughout this euphoric soul-food binge, I had periods of black-outs due to the excessive southern flavors emanating from each bite.  If you have buffet ADHD like I do, this can be a disruption.  A refreshing dose of sweet tea calmed me down and I was able to finish this meal, expanding my stomach lining considerably. It didn't matter because I was already well on my way into a coma. Fun-Recommendation!: Try the homestyle tartar sauce found snuggling next to croutons on the ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT salad bar for a tangy little zing to your experience.Heads-Up!: Make sure you are at the buffet location instead of the Power and Light Peach Tree, trust me.
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/28/2010,10/16/2010,49,247,6,4,2>I went here for lunch today with my other half.  We were greeted and sat down promptly.  Our server kept calling my boyfriend 'boss' throughout the entire dining experience and it was weird.  He would say, "can I get you a refill boss?  how is everything boss?  can i get you some dessert boss?"  Was he playing a mean trick or what.We ordered the queso and chips as an appetizer.  It was alright, it was melted cheese with beef.  Not much to look forward too, but the boyfriend enjoys cheese very much.I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich.  It was huge for a chicken sandwich and I only finished half.  It was a grilled chicken breast with tomato, bacon, lettuce, and a flavored mayo of some kind.  It was pretty good apart from the bottom soggy bun.  I also got the fresh steamed broccoli as my side and it was good.  It wasn't soaked in butter like most places, so that was a positive.One thing that really irked me was the music.  I know this is a family establishment, but please spare me with this adult contemporary shit.  I hear it all day at work, and it's the last thing I want to hear blaring in my ear while I'm trying to have a conversation.  I was annoyed.  But this is my personal experience with this type of mind mush music.  It probably wouldn't bother anyone else.  It is the reason I won't go back.Oh, the prices are good and comparable to a diner.
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2010,10/15/2010,28,62,3,8,3>After reading a few of the Yelp! reviews about this place, I had a slight reservation about coming out here last Sunday morning. I am glad to say that, as this place is still fairly new, the majority of the negative reviews had to have been left when they first opened and were still trying to hit their stride. I walked straight up to the counter, placed my order for a breakfast burrito and took a seat mere minutes before my dish of choice was placed in front of me.The finished product alone looked like it was worth the money. The egg, tomato, sausage, and bacon filled burrito was wrapped in a spinach tortilla and cut diagonally, the two halves topped with cheese and chives were then placed on top of each other in such a way as to suggest the place at which I was dining served more than just breakfast food (see the picture I posted for evidence supporting this claim).Beyond the look of it, the food was fresh and the burrito was well-wrapped (this makes all the difference, burrito wrapping is an art that I believe can take weeks, nay, months to master), and when cut with a fork did not fall out all over the plate. The interior of the diner itself was a lot larger than I anticipated, with enough seating to easily fit a few dozen people. I sat within eyesight of the kitchen, hidden from the main room, and could see what looked like one head cook taking on most of the load for the morning. For as fast as he was running back and forth, it looked like everyone was taken care of just as quick as I was.To summarize my experience:quick ordering - checkquick service - checkprice-appropriate - checka good joint for curing the ailments caused by staying out late on a Saturday night - check
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/13/2010,10/14/2010,50,87,1,8,5>If you're looking for a blue cheese burger and a side of truffle fries, you will want to keep driving. Dagwood's is a traditional greasy spoon ... unapologetic about being a place to go when you want a burger without all the bells and whistles.So far, I've only been to Dagwood's for lunch and it seems that most of their praises (and menu items) are dedicated to their breakfast ... but their lunch is no slouch either.  Their burgers are huge with thick and juicy patties. They're not overly seasoned but they do have flavor.  For $2.50 you can add fries, onion rings, or a mix of the two to create a "basket." Let's just say that, for well under $10 (with tip) you won't walk away hungry.Bottom line ... the service fast & friendly, the prices are reasonable and the food is pretty good.  Besides, the place has a tradition that goes back more than 70 years. I'll be back for the breakfast.
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2010,10/13/2010,37,11,4,3,8>I have loved this place since my 2nd college boyfriend took me here while I was still dating the 1st one. Think that's juicy? Then try their double cheeseburger.Seriously, a great little crack in the wall that is Kansas City. It's open 24/7 and serves a full (but not terribly diversified) breakfast and dinner menu anytime. The only bummer is the limited number of seats (I think there are about 14, give or take?) at the small counters that line the visible grill and front windows. But the saving grace there is they do carry-out and you can call ahead. Plus, the cooks work fast, so even when I've seen the line 3 deep all the way across the restaurant, everyone gets fed within a half hour.The staff is pretty efficient. I will tell you they are way friendlier with regulars than with people they don't know, but if you strike up a conversation, they are more than happy to chat. They also have a killer fruit pie selection, including the rare and ever elusive strawberry rhubarb pie and blackberry pie. My only gripe is it's soooooo good they always run out of my aforementioned favorites.
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/22/2010,10/12/2010,521,843,3,5,3>I have been using The Plaza as a major interstate, between Missouri and Kansas this last week. I  have thought about a  few things regarding  the Plaza. 1.) Would I take an out of town guest there? Only around Christmas time, but they would ask to go, and I'd have to take them.  The horse and buggy rides look cool. Infact, I imagine they are alot of fun. I don't know what I'd see that I don't see every single day, driving through it. I would take guests a bit south, to Glace, and Spin Pizza. Are they actually on the Plaza? Not really. I would park at one of the underground parking lots,and have my guest walk around the Plaza, just to see the fountains. 2.) Is it worth driving all the way out there to eat? Yep, I do it all the time...Eden Alley is there. So is Blanc Burgers and Bottles. (Haven't eaten there). Bo Lings, PF Change, Ingredients...most are there cause of the notability of the Plaza. So,therefore, to eat at these locations, one must go to the Plaza.3.) The Plaza Lacks: A Swatch Watch Store. Dylan's Candy Store. A cool restaurant like Hard Rocks, and they managed to not get the American Girl store. All of which are in Chicago, by the way. Not that Chicago is any better,but I find I can get my Dylans' Candy/Swatchwatch/ American Girl fix there. Heck, I have a Bath and Body Works at Independence Center, and I'm not going to go clear to the Plaza for my underwear at Victoria Secrets, or my Gap clothes. Yet, my makeup, is sold on the Plaza. It's also sold  at Macys, but I like the MAC store on the Plaza better.  The stores on the Plaza aren't  exclusive as they used to be. I'm talking about Saks, and FAO Schwartz, among others. They are getting a Forever 21. I think there's one at Independence Center, or Oak Park Mall where the American Girl store is going to be. (I'm a collector, sortof).Exclusive dining can be had at other locations. Drive through the Crossroads district, and you'll see what I mean. I don't feel the Plaza has it's luster it once had. I feel the Plaza is a fun place to go shopping, as is Independence Center. The prices are high. The stores are regular priced, or over priced  chain stores, again due to location. I can think of a few stores that aren't everywhere else, that are on the Plaza, as well. To me, the Plaza is kind of mediocre. But I'd still like to ride the horse and buggy, or rent a segway,.
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2010,10/11/2010,24,42,4,10,8>The burrito with everything is crazy good. You will pay for it for about a day and a half though. Although that should go without saying when you eat at greasy spoons like this. Their burgers are topped with grilled onions and make me think that this is what White Castle is supposed to be like. The double burger is oddly enough not two burger patties on top of each other, it's just a bigger patty, this is something that you simply learn not to question. This place is cash only, and is not as cheap as the shabby exterior would have you believe. But your money is going to a local family who must treat their employees pretty well because I've seen the same two guys behind the counter for the last ten of fifteen years. The menu is scattered amongst the walls of the tiny diner, so if you've never been there you may run the risk of trying to read a menu that someone is sitting in front of. No joke, the menu with all the burgers, and chili, all the best stuff is on the wall at the end of the bar. I like sitting in the seat right next to this menu and leaning forward to make it as difficult for people to see as possible. It's open 24-7 and keeps a steady crowd throughout the day. Late at night though is when it gets fun. Drunk people of all backgrounds pack into this 150 sq ft hole in the wall and end their nights on a high note. The overall ambiance of the place is like an old neighborhood bar. It's so small that there are no wait staff, you order from the cooks. If you're lucky enough to get a seat at the bar, the cooks will hand you your food. If you're sitting at a booth, you get up and get your food yourself. A lot of the staff and customers have known each other for years. The staff do not adhere to the customer is always right philosophy. If you give them guff, be ready to get it right back. I live in Waldo, and anytime I'm North of the river, I will hit this place up. You should too.
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2010,10/10/2010,89,150,2,8,3>So after starting a rant on yelp talk, about not finding empanadas in Kansas City, I received a hot tip by some very insightful yelpers. Thanks guys!Here it goes a review about a Latin American Place from a Latina herself. It was 4 of us dining so we got some variety. We ordered, the carne asada, the lechon. the shredded beef which I refer to as Ropa vieja (cuban name for it) and Tilapia. All plates were nicely presented, and filling, but some lacked a bit of that latin explosion of flavors....but I really think they do it this, in order to cater to a broader audience. If you want more kick just add some salt or ask for some spicy habenero, chimichurri or the sauce they put with the empanadas. Other then that I ate everything on my plate so I cannot complain.The empanadas, though not my cuban pastelitos  I was craving for, were spectacular and the sauce even better. I would of dunked rubber in this sauce and would of thought it was delicious. They have fresh juices, but are $3.50 so beware it could put a hole in your bugget. El Porton, if you read this review, come on your killing me, lower the juice prices. The staff,helpful, attentive & cordialThe location? In the suburbs hidden from any signs of life. Thanks to your seclusion I discovered parts of Kansas City, I'd never knew existed. Restaurant was immaculately clean and had fresh roses and carnations on the table...a very chic touch, I thought.My fellow Gringos and exhausted Tortilla lovers, you guys should give "El Porton" a try, you won't be disappointed. p.s I uploaded pictures of the meals and menu on the yelp "el porton" page.
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2010,10/9/2010,53,126,9,26,22>I've been waiting for weeks for this place to open and today was the day!  Fast fresh indian food at a reasonable price.  I work down the street and I need a fast lunch, so I ran over today to check it out.  I got the pick 3 thali (which give you 2 entrees a side and a sauce on top of your choice of rice).  It took about 1 minute to assemble my lunch.  I got the shredded pork and lamb on the coconut rice (yummy) with they yogurt sauce and the coconut green beans.  It was just a little spicy, not too much kick, some may find it tame, but it was perfect for me.  The shredded pork was my favorite, very tasty.  The lamb had a good flavor but was occasionally more fatty than I would like. It comes with a lime, and indeed the meal has almost a citriousy feel to it.  Very light and not very greasy even with the lamb.  I will be back to try the naan and their bites!  Have fun making your own combos!  The owner helped me choose my meal, she was super nice.  This is a family business and they told me that these are their mother's recipes.  Now I'm not an expert on indian food, so I don't know how authentic it really is but this will be a staple for my lunch rotation (currently chipolte, noodles and now mirchies) since it is so fast.
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2010,10/8/2010,61,83,3,5,3>Best local chain burgers hands down! I love HiBoy but this is not gourmet this is just a flat out great local burger and even though it is a small chain it still rocks.The patties are the flat type with crispy edges, fresh beef, fully cooked and not too greasy. The toppings are simple and fresh. This makes the burger easy to eat either in your car or at a table. I hate burgers that are huge with too many toppings and they fall apart. This is NOT that type of burger.I usually grab some Onion Rings. These are real onions with batter and made on site. These are NOT the frozen pre-breaded production rings. I love real Rings! and these are great. Their fries are crinkle cut and tasty and the deep fried mushrooms are great on the run.There is a tenderloin that is great for a drive through tenderloin. Come on, there are sit down places that can rock a tenderloin if you have time go there. If you're in your car... this definitely fills the bill.I don't do shakes but I hear they are really good. (From my kids).
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2010,10/7/2010,36,52,,7,2>I have been into Method a few times for some of their events. Even though they don't have any women's clothing they have plenty of women's accessories. i'm not a huge accessoriser (not sure that's a word) but I bought a cute gold purse from there. They also have jewelry too and their prices are not so bad. Matt E is right when he says the place is clean and modern without the stale feeling so many places can get. On to the men's. My brother was recently in town and I sent him in. He loved the place. Bought  a shirt and picked out a pair of pants for me to buy for his birthday. It's very boutiquey, which is nice because I don't really like seeing 15 guys out in one night with the same express, ed hardy or affliction style shirts on, it get boring. I will def be taking my boys shopping there! or at least recommend it to them!
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2010,10/6/2010,28,76,10,10,10>Ahhhhh, Leo....if you were only a few years younger, I'd propose. And yes, it would only be for your bad ass pizza.  I guess that would make me a pizza whore.  That's ok.....I'm good with that !Leo's has been around since I was a kid, though I never tried it until I was in my twenties, then I was hooked.  Sadly, like another reviewer here, I got away from eating there.  My hunny is a nut....oh wait....pizza nut. ;p When he moved here, I took him to a few of what I consider the better joints, but I just kept thinking..."I can do better than this."  Then I remembered Leo's.  I took him there and he fell in love for the first time and me for the second.  This stuff is like a warm blanket on a cold night. You just want to sink into it.They use provel cheese, and have a super thin cracker like crust.  There is just nothing else like it.  This pizza is so good, you can only eat it once it awhile.  It's so good, you don't want to wear it out and get tired of it.  It's so good that the first bite is almost orgasmic and you find yourself melting into your seat and into a puddle onto the floor.Small place, 3 booths and maybe 10 tables.  Don't go to Leo's in a hurry or starving.  These folks do not rush....and if they're crowded....you're going to wait....so, just sit, relax and have a beer.  You won't be disappointed....it's worth the wait.And yes, Leo is still around.  You can occasionally catch him chatting up customers in the evening.
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2010,10/5/2010,32,117,,3,3>I love this theater! It's so funky and cute and has a Ben and Jerry's bar near the concession stand. It's part of the independent film circuit and always has lots of flyers for upcoming festivals and nice summaries of what's showing or about to show. It makes you want to become a member and wear the tee-shirt proudly. You'll feel like part of a community every time you see a movie there.
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2010,10/4/2010,530,119,6,7,7>Any place that's piping Calexico from their stereo as you're walking up to it is automatically cool in my book.Getting to walk up to a fabulous mid-century retro trailer nestled in the idyllic setting of an urban-corner-lot-turned-secret-garden, and we're in for an even more amazing experience.  And we haven't even gotten to the snow cones...We were there; the kids, The Dame, her brother, his wife, on a Sunday afternoon break from the brutal heatwave that had smothered the city for weeks.  Snow cones sounded great, by default, and being able to finally try the delicacy that is this frozen fantastication without the famous line-around-the-block was a treat in itself. I got a couple of generous portions for the kids (the ladies in the trailer kindly hooked them up with PLAIN Watermelon, for their pre-sophisticated palettes), and The Dame got a Flight (!) of the more adventurous snow cone flavors in smaller cup-lets.  Talk about something for everyone! I JUST DID!And man, did those flavors deliver. This ain't now "Snoopy Sno-cone" set-up, believe me.  You've never tasted such...well, FRESH and inventive flavor combinations poured over ice!  Gourmet sweetness without that nasty, sickly / sticky popsicle grossness that would be the norm of a lesser outfit. These folks know that what they are doing is making accessible art for the mouth, delivered with friendly service (and great background music!).  What better way to enjoy the sunshine and sharing with folks who are close to you than by exploring more of the amazing (and uniquely delivered!) edible offerings of this great city? I'm certainly glad we have Fresher Than Fresh here in town to do just that!
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2010,10/3/2010,67,229,1,4,5>I am completely and totally addicted to the smoked turkey sandwich here. I get the double turkey on bread and split it. Half a sandwich is more than enough if you also get the sides, which I highly recommend. The potato salad and beans are great (especially the beans, my favorite bbq beans in all of KC). Back to the turkey. It's melt in your mouth tender, moist, delicious and the flavor is just out of this world. I'm salivating at the thought of it. I've had pretty much every other meat on the menu and I keep going back to the turkey over and over and over. Best turkey sandwich on the planet!
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2010,10/2/2010,15,35,7,12,5>When I was in sixth grade I took a foreign language class. It was a required class, and covered Spanish, German, and French all in one year. As each new language unit began, we would learn these dialogues in order to teach us basic, conversational phrases. I can remember at least one phrase from each language, my favorite being "Das is mein Lieblingsessen", from a passage in which a young German boy comes home to find that his mother had made red cabbage and milk for dinner, which happens to be his favorite food. Whose favorite food isn't cabbage and milk?While dining at Grunauer, I wondered if I would find MY Leiblingsessen. Alas, I did not. But I did find a new restaurant to add to the rotation. To start, I ordered a drink. The Rostiger Nagel. Our server said that it was the German version of the rusty nail. (Note to self: Do not ever order a rusty nail). It was way too strong for my taste. But then again, I am the same girl who enjoys a cherry Tom Collins every now and then. My palate is hardly mature. As an entrée I went with the Weiner Backhendl, whish is basically fried chicken . It was good, if not a little hard to eat with the bones and all (it is too nice of a place to just pick it up and eat it KFC style). Next time we go, and there will definitely be a next time, I plan on going with the Hungarian Gulasch or Tafelspitz. I don't eat pork, so my options kind of end there.For dessert we tried the Viennese apple strudel. Very good. Very, very good. I devoured that thing like I hadn't eaten in months. It was topped with homemade whipped cream and a delicious vanilla sauce. Did I mention that it was good?I will definitely be returning to Grunauer. The food was good, the service was great, and, most importantly, it is less than a block away from my house. And while I'm not in LOVE with the place, I am open to a bit of mild flirtation.
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/24/2010,10/1/2010,10,73,,5,4>3.5 *'s -- This is the kind of place you come to if you like take-out / fried food.  Outside seating ( ~8 people for the outside chairs -- bar-type seating, unless you eat in your vehicle ) and NOTE: CASH ONLY.The menu selection is pretty good; hot dogs, hamburgers, fish, tacos, shrimp, etc.Usually I order a taco and the fish sandwich; this time, I decided to try the fried-shrimp basket and a taco.  Price as of this writing: Under $8.00Unfortunately the taco shell did not survive the 10-min drive home, but it still tasted good.  The fries were nothing to write home about, but the shrimp were a good deal at the price - you get ~12-13 for under $6.50 at the time of this writing.  Prices are subject to change tho -- if you like fried shrimp then I suggest you visit this place quickly, before the Gulf oil spill situation really starts making an impact on prices.Every so often I get a craving for the kind of food this place deals in, and they do it well.  The staff is pretty friendly and the food is inexpensive; it's most definitely a " niche " place, but I know I'll definitely be going back sometime.
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2010,9/30/2010,38,50,,25,4>Did In-N-Out come to KC? Not quite, but as close as I can find.Alright, I have written before my opinion on there being too many burger places in america as it is and usually they pretty much blow with a few exceptions.This is one of those exceptions.  I didn't catch the owner's name but he was a personable guy and makes great food.  I immediately made the In-N-Out connection on the fries.  They are real potatoes never frozen and cooked in a Soy oil.  He was concerned about all the kids allergies to peanuts so that is why they didn't go with peanut oil.  But seriously those fries are the closest thing to In-N-Out I have had.  And that is a good thing.All their product is local except the potatoes.  You pretty much have to get them from Idaho.  No real potato farmers in Kansas or Missouri.  Not surprising really when you consider our soil, but I digress.  I was given the choice of grilled or fresh onion so I went with grilled.  I told him he really needs to consider doing an animal style burger.  He agreed it was something to consider.I haven't even gotten to the shake.  So I generally don't get chocolate shakes as everyone puts in a bunch of too sweet corn syrup based chocolate that makes me sick.  I observed the color and consistency of another person's shake and decided I was going to do a chocolate.  Yep it withstood the Inn-N-Out standard.  And he gave me the extra in the tumbler.They have only been open since Sunday and are still ramping up.  But I think they are going to make it.  I know I will be coming back when it's time for my burger/fry/shake craving.  Honestly the room for improvement I can see is perhaps the bun, but it is perfectly acceptable and slightly grilled.  Oh and get in the animal style as an offering.  Maybe we could call OP style or Shack Shack Style.The meat was ground up today and is never frozen.  They only have a small freezer for the ice cream.They are only taking cash and checks right now. Oh and they are putting up artwork/items that people bring in.  They are letting the customers decorate the place.*Also, just heard from another source that they will be offering a veggie burger for the vegetarian people out there in the future.
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2010,9/29/2010,28,47,,6,2>I'll let you in on a secret. Oils last longer on your skin and hair than toilet water, oops I men eu de toilette. This hidden gem carries many of your favorite scents, but instead of that overpriced water you buy at Macy's, this is actually oil so it stays on all day and a little drop will do you. A few of my favs...true religion, light blue, prada, mademoiselle, you get the picture.  If S-scents does not carry your fav wo/mens scent, ask Nancy to have her chemist make a custom match. The store also carries every essential oil you can think of and some you can't. I have been shopping at this store since its yonder years in good ole' Westport (when it was perfect scents), on to the Plaza and now in JOCO. Any scent can be mixed w/ a lotion (three kinds) , shower gel (one gel has glitter!!), shampoo , conditioner, body spray, breath mint. Okay, just kidding on the last part, but I think there are a few other options. The oils come in different sizes and because so little is used a small bottle lasts a long time. Other great lines: e-shave, votivo candles, thymes and lots of other goodies. I suggest going in with a scent in mind. If you tell the ladies what you like, they will make recommendations. I promise you won't be disappointed. I can't go in here without dropping a Bennie, but it is well worth it. One thing you should not leave the store w/o is the chiropody. It's a volcanic stone that will have your feet feeling like they did when you were three. I have found nothing like it. If you don't get samples with your purchase, ask, they will give you a sample of anything carried in the store and they have tons of packaged samples behind the counter.   Happy shopping.
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/11/2010,9/28/2010,101,281,9,6,7>I came here on a Friday night, being told that this was a "country gay bar."  I must admit, I'm not a country fan, but I decided to go along with it.  When we arrived, around 1:30 AM, I found the bar only moderately busy, and sans the promised country music.  Instead of twang, I was greeted with a dance floor full of homos jamming out to some awesome 80s and 90s ballads.  There were also new top 40-ish dance songs intertwined between the jams.  Interesting, but fun nonetheless!Regarding the bar itself, I was pleasantly surprised.  By this point in time, I had reached my blood alcohol saturation point, and was only ordering water.  The bartender was so friendly and made sure to keep my lowly water glass filled.  In fact, he was so nice, that I actually ended up tipping him more than I'd tip for alcoholic drinks!  While I don't expect that I'd come here regularly, I did have a good time.  It was certainly something out of my norm, but that can be a good thing!  We didn't encounter a cover charge, so that's a bonus.  You'll know you've found the bar when you find a building that looks like a cross between the Old West and a shade of lipstick which only a drag queen would wear!
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2010,9/27/2010,76,384,3,7,4>As a store, the prices tend to be higher than at a grocery store (especially for the dry pasta), but the variety and convenience make up for it.   As a meat counter, the selection is limited, but what they have is good quality and good tasting.   Their bacon?   Probably the best you can get.    It is sooo good.    I don't bother buying bacon at regular grocery stores or keeping it at home.   If I need some to go with breakfast on the weekend, I just walk right on over there and buy however many slices I need.As a sandwich counter?   Outstanding.    Their sandwiches are the best of any place I buy sandwiches.    The #5 is my favorite.   They don't skimp on the meat at all.     The sandwiches are big and thick -- your mouth will get a workout opening wide enough to take a bite.   If only they'd cook up some of their bacon and make it available as a sandwich ingredient, they'd be perfect!
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2010,9/26/2010,159,346,3,7,4>The Brickfast will ROCK your Saturday!  It's from 9am-3pm.  They have a biscuits and gravy bar and also a menu of awesome breakfast goodness.  There were 3 gravies offered....a veggie, a regular sausage and an amazing spicy chorizo.   My hubby had the spicy chorizo.  I was able to sample it - several times.  The gravy was richly filled with plenty of chorizo and a nice bite of spice. For my meal, I had the Egg Sammich which was layers of eggs, American cheese and bacon between perfect toasted bread.  Seriously, this was the best egg sandwich I have ever had.There are also $1 Bloody Marys and quite a few other choices of alcoholic breakfast drinks.  I am always anxious for the weekend but now have another reason to look forward to Saturday - Brickfast!
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2010,9/25/2010,195,325,6,9,4>I just want to make this clear... I am not giving 5 stars because I can't afford to eat here as much as I would like.  I feel very limited by this and it is a negative.Otherwise -- it's some good food!  I LOVE the Shanghai Wonton Noodle Soup.  However, it's over 12 dollars.  Sigh.  It is a lot of soup though.  The bowl is huge and they give you plenty of wontons ( maybe 8).  It's really up my alley (love the soup) and the bubble tea...yeah!  They will put booze in it for an extra charge!  Great idea there!  I don't opt to do this because I cannot  afford any additional charges. (They suggest Kahlua in almond or mocha bubble tea. They also have rum, vodka, tequila and bourbon-- maybe more!)I have had the fried dumplings - combo flavor and they were quite good.   A little small but flavor packed.  Of course, you gotta dip them in the "awesome sauce".  The duck appetizer was not my favorite.  It was really sweet but I ate it.  A friend of mine got the pot roast and he loved it.  The meat was so soft he was cutting it with his fork.  I have dined in once and had no qualms with the staff.  I have ordered pick up many times and they are extremely efficient and friendly.  Good people, good food, good place.  Too bad about the prices.  When I just get the soup I can get two meals out of it and that's my justification.PS The hot sauce they offer is really hot.  Try a little before covering your food in it.
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2010,9/23/2010,48,99,3,3,2>Follow-up from my earlier review - there's now a smoking ban in KC so you can actually breathe in the place.  The interior has also been updated; it's still far from what you'd call nice but it's far better than what it used to be.  But all of that is unimportant - what matters at a greasy spoon/diner like Woodswether Cafe is the food!In that regard, the place still rocks - huge burgers, pork tenderloin sandwiches, po' boys, etc.  Delicious sides like onion rings, fries, mac & cheese, etc.  Great homemade desserts like cookies, coconut cream pie, apple pie, etc.  You can also get a homemade malt/shake with your meal - yum.It's worth the slight difficulty in making it down to the west bottoms - just don't expect to keep on your diet.
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2010,9/22/2010,157,291,3,7,7>The Gaf is pretty much my personal version of Cheers. I'm always greeted by name by the staff, and with a friendly smile. (I think there's one staff person there I don't know by name, but I still know them by sight.) This is another place where they know what I like to drink, and usually have it waiting in front of me as I'm sitting down.Everyone is really nice, the pours are generous, prices are reasonable, and the food is really quite decent. (My personal food recommendations include Curry Chips, Fish and Chips, the Irish Gut Bomb, the Spinach Salad, the Beef Pot Pie, and the Irish Chips.) The Gaf was my first real introduction to the KC Irish Bar "scene" and it's pretty much as traditional as you're going to get around here: Irish owned, and Irish frequented. They do have more TVs than your standard Irish pub *in* Ireland, but they also show sports that you're often not going to see elsewhere around here, like Gaelic football. Once a month they have trad seisuns (traditional Irish music sessions where local musicians come in and seemingly improvise Irish songs for hours). I believe the seisuns take place on the third Saturday of the month, and they usually wrap up by around 6:30, so if you want to catch some music, go early. The place is a mad house on St. Paddy's day and at 6:00pm on New Year's Eve (which is midnight in Ireland). Other times, it's hit or miss - sometimes it's insanely busy there and you're fighting to make it up to the bar, and other nights you're able to sit and have a nice conversation with anyone around you, including the bartender. It's a good place for groups, as there's plenty of seating, but it's also good place to hang out and have a few pints on your own or with your special someone. The music is never so loud that you can't hold a decent conversation, and there's outside seating for when the weather cooperates.If you're looking for a good place to have a few drinks and experience a little bit of Irish pub life right here in KC, I suggest stopping in.
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2010,9/21/2010,92,76,6,10,8>Let me first tell you why I don't really love music stores. Being a chick, I either walk in and am completely ignored (though if I'm with a guy, he usually gets the "Hey man, you need help finding anything? Yeah, this rig is pretty sweet") or I get ogled and fawned over by a drooling man in a Drowning Pool shirt. Okay, I'm overgeneralizing again, and the latter has probably only happened to me a couple of times.But, the converse is why I like Big Dude's. They have a knowledgeable staff that isn't overly pushy and also doesn't completely ignore your existence. Over the past few years I've gone there to buy gear, accessories, and even a drum set. I hadn't gone there too often because (1) music stores for me are like clothing stores for shopaholics. I could probably spend all day in one and then end up buying a lot more than a guitar pick or whatever I intended to, (2) it's not exactly close to me and I use the interwebs for a lot of purchases, and (3) the parking lot is full of holes and annoyances.So yeah, about 5 years ago I think it was, I bought a drum set that I still use from a friendly, helpful salesman named Sib. I'd been in there probably quite a few times since then, but not enough to consider myself a regular. So a few months ago I return to buy some sticks and drool over $1000 semi-hollow body Telecasters and he remembers me. He remembers my name and the exact kit I bought 5 years before. OK, my guess is that the female Asian drummer demographic is not terribly high in Kansas City, but still, it's the small things.Big Dude's has a pretty good selection of gear, including DJ, lighting and audio equipment. They offer music lessons as well. Pricing is pretty comparable to other shops in town. If you're a drummer, you'll find a much more extensive collection at Explorer's, and I do go there for some things. But I try to get back to Big Dude's whenever I can.
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2010,9/20/2010,255,475,4,7,3>This is one of the places that I can only go to with certain people because it seems that people either love it or hate it here. Here's why I like it:~ 3 genres of noodle dishes which you can customize, including Asian, Italian, or American~ Once you have chosen your type of pasta (which can include whole wheat), you can choose your meat/tofu of choice (yes, I said tofu! I'm sold!)~ Dishes range from $4.50-7, score!~ Meat and veggie soups cost less than $4 :)~ Lots of unique sodas in the bottle and desserts, too.I have ordered noodles from each genre of the menu, in addition to ordering soup and side dishes. I have always gone home feeling totally satisfied and like I spent my money well. The place always has a energetic vibe to it and the facility is always clean and welcoming. Can't complain :)
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/20/2010,9/19/2010,146,38,2,6,2>The basement at The Majestic is quite narrow, so diners practically sit in the laps of the band members. Everyone has a front row seat. The band kept their volume down to a good level. Talking to your neighbor was a little difficult during most of the songs, but if that was a problem, you shouldn't have chosen the jazz club. The jazz, alone (and another stiff drink or two), would bring me back for another visit.I wish I was equally excited about the food we had, but there were issues. That may have partly been the fault of our dreary-mooded server, as well, whose expression and tone conveyed "I want to go hoooome," persistently. From seating us to picking up the check on our way out, he was dry, expressionless and unhelpful. He actually made us feel unwelcome. Wish we could have traded him in for the other guy who ended up paying us more attention than our assigned waiter.But back to the food. To settle into the appropriate mood for a night of jazz, we quickly ordered up a couple cocktails from the short, relatively lackluster $9 cocktail menu (the wine list is far more impressive). I wasn't sure whether to assume the restaurant just didn't take pride in their cocktails, or if the implication was that diners were of the old school sort who didn't stray from the classics like martinis, Manhattans or particular spirits straight up.Either way, I think the short list was a miss and The Majestic would do well to take a page from restaurants like R Bar (my review) and Justus Drugstore, who make their innovative cocktails a major attraction to their business. My sidecar was refreshing and quite tasty. Elizabeth's Strawberry Bubbly seemed flat and flavorless. Overall, good enough, but give me more choices!At The Majestic, dinners are served with sides: salad or soup, plus vegetable, and rice or potato - garlic mashed, baked, or fries. As such, the only thing we needed to consider ordering prior to entrees was an appetizer. Starving, we picked out the fried risotto balls, despite their oddly straightforward name. We'd pictured rice given, you know, "risotto". Truly, though, there was none to be found. The cute and appetizing, perfectly round fried balls oozed only bright orange (think nacho) cheese when fractured with the edge of a fork. They were quite tasty, just lacking in rice.For dinner, she ordered filet mignon, and I, the Ribeye, often deemed the most flavorful cut of steak. When in Rome, right?Here, The Majestic earned top marks. The steaks were every bit as expertly cooked, flavorful and juicy as one could expect from a top flight Kansas City steak restaurant. Absolutely superb. The problem is, there are several places in KC, heck, in the midwest and beyond, where one can find a steak of excellent quality anymore. Let's not kid ourselves, good steaks aren't really an art form. Their a simple formula. Good meat, simple preparation methods, large cuts, and you're set to please. So while I commend the heck out of The Majestic for the sinfully delicious hunk of fat-laden beef they set before me, I have make mention of the after thoughts they call salad, vegetables and potatoes that came with it.The salads arrived first, straight out of 1987. Leaf lettuce (at least it wasn't iceberg) with a token cherry tomato and waffle-cut carrot wafer. The salad's undoing, though, was the vinaigrette, which came on the side. It was broken, oil on top, acid resting unattainably on the bottom, along with the flecks of dried (c'mon!) basil. To get at them, I had to pour the entire vessel onto the salad, rendering it helplessly oily and overdressed. I almost didn't want to eat it because it was so flavorless and oily.  This kind of side salad no longer deserves the label "classic". It's just unimaginative, uninspired, and weak. Why serve this? Who is enjoying this salad today?The chef's vegetables alongside the steak were green beans with a little onion and red bell pepper. The beans were haplessly watery, having been steamed to death and then some. The onions and red pepper were helpful, I guess, for the flavor of this side. But overall it gets the same unfavorable reception as the salad. My thought: don't even put it on the plate if you take this little pride in it.Even the mashed potatoes were sub par. Mine were dry, having that day-after-Thanksgiving reheated quality, but I didn't have any gravy at my disposal to revive them.I realize this is a lot of griping about the aspects of this restaurant that are the least essential to its overall existence. People aren't going to The Majestic in anticipation of its side salads, steamed veg and starches. Still, they'd be doing themselves a favor if they put a little more effort into anything besides the meat, which is truly delicious. In summation, I'd recommend The Majestic to anyone looking for their next great steak dinner. But I'd also caution its owners that more ambitious, exciting options are out there, vying for the dollars of KC's restaurant-going public
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2010,9/18/2010,42,51,2,6,3>I never thought I would say I absolutely love a dish that contains tofu as its main component, but I do. The lemon grass tofu rocked my world!! I would have not been able to tell the difference if I had not ordered it myself, in fact my little brother wanted to argue with me for about an hour that it was chicken. The lemon grass tofu is served up with two big mounds of rice and sweet and sour sauce. Everything you order there comes in huge portions and is dirt cheap and the wait staff is really nice. They should be the model for every waiter in the city. I also tried my bro's pho which was delicious and fresh with flavor. My mom got some egg roles that were also vegetarian and they were also unbelievably good. If you are a fan of coffee, which I am you need to try the Vietnamese coffee. It is not for the faint of heart though because it is super strong. You probably will be running circles non stop because of the caffeine. This place is yummy and everyone should be required to come here and least once!ps. Veggies, I just tried the curry bean curd and it is also a thumbs up!
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2010,9/17/2010,10,139,,5,2>Chelly's Cafe is located in a banal strip mall just east of 85th and Wornall. When you enter in to the restaurant the banality ends and the fun begins with Polaroid's of customers and instruments on the brightly colored walls.  We were seated and immediately and started to peruse the large menu which has a large selection of burritos, tacos, salads, burgers, quesadillas, and other items as well.  Our waitress was excellent at making suggestions and was very attentive.I decided on the roasted veggie quesadilla and my partner had the Chicken Chimichanga. Both came out quick and were incredibly large portions. My quesadilla was very cheesy but the veggies were crisp making the texture of the dish delightful, but it was the sides of pico, guac, and the jicama pineapple coleslaw that made it tasty. All were fresh and the coleslaw added a different taste to the usual south of the border fare, it was excellent. My partner declared that his Chimichanga was tasty as well. We could not finish the dishes and even before we could flag down our waitress she appeared with to go boxes for us. Every neighborhood needs a good well rounded Mexican restaurant and I think Chelly's just might be Waldo's best bet for Mexican restaurants.
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2010,9/16/2010,130,37,3,7,3>I may be about to start a cupcake war, but after extensive tasting at several cupcake shops throughout Kansas City, Cupcake a la Mode gets my definitive vote for best cupcakes in the metro.Not only are the cupcakes a little larger than normal (which equals more deliciousness), they come in a variety of expected and not-so-expected flavor combinations. I find the vanilla cupcake varieties to be a bit superior to the chocolate cupcakes, which have a tendency to be slightly dry.No matter what you crave, Cupcake a la Mode probably has it. My new favorite is the Hawaiian Honeymoon, a vanilla cupcake topped with a decadent layer of pineapple buttercream, crushed macadamia nuts and drizzled white chocolate. Oh. My. God. I brought an out-of-town friend with me when I tried this cupcake for the first time, and she's already messaged me wishing that I could ship her a box of cupcakes.Plus, the shop is too, too cute. Hot pink and black provide the dominant color scheme, making it a whimsical retreat that's also perfect for kids' birthday parties. And now that I've written this, I'm officially craving a cupcake. Gotta go get my fix!
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2010,9/15/2010,115,89,16,9,5>Judge's is my absolute favorite pizza in the world and really, without a compelling reason. It's a neighborhood place and I suppose I only learned of its wonder because I lived in Sycamore Hills, the apartments that border it to the South, when I was 5 and 6 years old. Sycamore Hills was in the news a few years ago because Shaunte Henderson, an alleged gang member, was purported to have been hiding out there after a murder. Apparently she was a big deal-- though I'm not entirely certain why-- because she ended up being the first female on the FBI's Most Wanted list in like, 20 years. I kind of figured it was just a run-of-the-mill shooting. Anyway, Sycamore wasn't the same type of place when I lived there. I moved there in kindergarten after my parents split up. My mom married a dude with a lot of tattoos named Rick. He was totally sleazy. He stole my bicycle-- twice-- to ride it to work after his car broke down. At the end of the day, he sold it to guys he worked with. I had no bike going forward. I digress. This isn't a review of Sycamore Hills (3 stars? Built a lot of memories-- I'll likely never forget the time I fell into the covered yet un-drained swimming pool during the fall whilst trying to retrieve a soccer ball. Probably would have drowned had it not have been for the upstairs neighbor from Scotland who dove in to save me) and it's not a review of Rick (1 star? He DID buy me a covering that turned my bed into a spaceship but he DID steal and sell two of my bicycles... what an absolute douche). This is a review about Judge's Pizza, which was just down the hill from my kindergarten hell. Judge's isn't fancy. It's not NY style, it's not deep dish, it's not Neapolitan... To be honest, I have no idea how you'd classify it. It's pizza. The very edge of the crust is crispy. The toppings are probably shipped in frozen. The sauce isn't that great. It tastes like Ragu. The cheese, though, is to die for. It's a nice mixture of mozzarella and provolone. The provolone gives it an awesome snap. Man, there's nothing like a good cheese-snap on a pizza. It's better than sex. You heard me. Better than sex. I always get a hamburger pizza with extra cheese, lite sauce. This is weird, because I never get hamburger on a pizza from anywhere else. I can't explain it. I won't even try. Their delivery is sporadic at best. I've lived a handful of miles away and been told they don't go that far out. I've called on a Friday at 6pm to place a carryout order and been told that they were closed. I guess that's what you get from such an unorthodox pizza parlor. They're doing something right, though, because they've been around since I was born.I tolerate it, though, because to me, it's divine. Jesus Christ couldn't craft a better pie.
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2010,9/14/2010,106,152,3,4,4>I went here last week with a friend for dinner. We were able to get in right a way and the pizza didn't take very long to reach our table. I wish I had taken a photo or two.We "Spun" our own pizza with; calamata olives, pepperoni, sausage, roasted red peppers and roasted tomatoes. THE PIZZA WAS YUMMY!''With tip and all the extra toppings it was around $17 dollars total for the both of us. What a cheap dinner date. Spin! also provides punch cards for other savings! There is a sad note though, we left the pizza in the car over night so no next day love with the pizza.I recommend Spin and I can't wait to try some more pizza!
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2010,9/13/2010,247,223,,14,2>HEAVEN.  A dream come true. Since I moved to this area, I have been looking for a bistro having food and drink meeting European standards at reasonable prices, not inflated by phony pretension and arrogance.  The last time I thought I had found such a restaurant, it was a French cafe in Georgetown (Washington, DC).  I brought a visiting colleague there from Aix-en-Provence, France.  He began speaking French to the waiter, who seemed confused and brought my friend into the kitchen to talk with the chef.  My guest walked out of the kitchen shaking his head saying, "these people do not know what they are doing."  Yes, I have been to better restaurants in the US, Europe, Asia, North Africa, Australia, New Zealand, Tahiti, Canada, and South America --- at two, three, or four times the price.  The Westport Cafe & Bar provides some of the best food and drink I've ever experienced relative to the surprisingly reasonable prices currently being charged at this wonderful restaurant.  If you have money to burn, you can do better.  But at these prices, not a chance.We did not know what to expect when we went here, so we ordered one course at a time, starting with the roasted fennel soup.  It was wonderful.  So then we ordered the tomato fennel mussels.  Wonderful.  Then we ordered the spring tomato pea ravioli.  Wonderful.  Then a jumbo shrimp.  Wonderful.  Then the daily oyster.  Wonderful.  The the arctic char entree.  Wonderful.  We usually do not order desserts, but this all was so good that we went ahead and ordered one.  Got the pot de creme.  Wonderful, along with their coffee (not espresso, but very good in  large cups at modest price). Oh, and then there is the wine.  As in Europe, they not only have good wines at reasonable prices by the glass and by the bottle, but also by the carafe.  I've heard that the mixed drinks are outstanding here, but our preferences are European (wine, not cocktails), so we have not tried the cocktails.  Maybe another day.
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2010,9/12/2010,123,113,3,4,2>I haven't ever been to this actual store but I have consumed it's delightful pastries with extreme enthusiasm *pats belly*.Today this horrible person at work brought in 5 dozen of the sugary calorie laden treats.  Oh what joy filled my mouth as I consumed not one but two doughnuts....along with a quart sized ziplock baggie of carrots.Do you think it will cancel it out?  But I digress.I had two glazed doughnuts.  One was a cinnamonny confection - melted in my mouth.  The other was...I think a cherry something or other - the interior of the doughnut was pink.  It was good too although the cinnamon one was the best.Yum.  Yay for healthy breakfasts?  okaybye.
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2010,9/11/2010,34,60,,4,3>Damn. I've been waiting for this to open since the minute I saw they were opening it and hoped to be the first reviewer. This is what I get for abandoning my Yelp post for so long (you can thank the jackass that gave In-A-Tub five stars for my loss of faith in Yelp). I used to go to Red Mango all the time in Las Vegas. It was so delicious; two flavors: green tea and original. Big, bulging berries. Juicy, slippery mangos. And of course the cookie pieces, fruity pebbles, and nuts and pretzels, but I stick to the fruit. Delicious sasquachian ginourmous fruits. I was truly surprised at this new entity just by the UMKC campus that is called Red Mango. I was greeted by a lovely girl who immediately started offering me samples of the huge assortment of self-serve frozen yogurts. She was explaining all of the truths behind the yogurts and describing the flavors with love. She insisted I try the new and exciting flavors, "Here, try this one! This one is my favorite...Oh, this is a new flavor - you can be the first to try it!" I felt like I had my own personal shopper. Surprised they didn't have the staple green tea from my westerly past, but the amaretto flavor was delicious. I chose that and moved to the next oddity - the buffet-style condiments bar. You add all of your own toppings rather than requesting them from a server. But they still had the huge berries I love! The final foreign concept was the pay-by-weigh finale. You pay by the ounce rather than the size of your container. It was about the same price, though. I am so happy there's a Red Mango by campus. It's so much better than regular old ice cream and the service was great.
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/30/2010,9/10/2010,74,1211,2,5,2>A different location... the Plaza crib is nice being on the Broadway hill and having a slick little walkway entrance above street level.Screens are everywhere... must be great on Sundays and during NCAA BB season, if you are into those things.Service was quick and friendly.Tuesdays are two for one burgers, FYI.I had the spicy burger with fresh jalapenos and avocado relish, etc. It was overcooked from the medium I ordered... no big deal but it did dry it it out a little. The bun was standard sesame... and one-half of it was discarded by me so I could eat the fries guilt-free. The FF need about one more minute in the oil, IMO... but they did taste good and had a little seasoning to them.
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2010,9/8/2010,36,58,3,5,3>I went to Oak Street Coffee the other day for a date, and although he (almost sort of) stood me up, the coffee did not!  I ordered a cappuccino because I only can handle about a cuppa joe a day without dancing on the ceiling all night, and so I let myself enjoy a treat.  It was delicious, and the staff was very nice.  The atmosphere was cool, with all kinds of different mis-matched chairs and tables and it seems like a place you could lose yourself in for hours readings, studying, what have you.  I like it.  I think I'll go back sometime, but this time my date will be with a scone....
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2010,9/7/2010,30,103,,4,3>Love this place! In the midst of the cool NKC neighborhood on Armour Rd. Chappell's Restaurant is the place to be for a burger and beer. The owner never fails to meet and greet. Nice. It has a great bar with friendly service.  You go to Chappell's to party  and/or relax. Order the house specials or  a burger, fries and beer.   LOVE the cheese fries: waffle fries smothered in Cheese Queso or homemade creamy blue cheese dressing...topped with crispy bacon and scallions. How can you resist? The steak soup is also a good bet. The atmosphere is definitely casual and there's interesting sports memorabilia in every nook and cranny. Cool. Drink and wander around checking it out.Chappell's is a place to experience.
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2010,9/6/2010,292,268,14,5,6>What is the perfect dream of a not-so-skinny, Martha Stewart loving gay man?  Prydes!!!  Any and every kitchen type item that you may or may not need can be found there.  Being offered a beverage while you shop. Homemade pies in the basement.  It's not a dream, it's real.  It's Pryde's of Westport.  Go!
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2010,9/4/2010,112,59,3,5,6>I LOVE Shakespeare in the Park. I think outdoor amphitheaters are so much fun, and the park is all green and the weather is great for outdoor events this time of year. Not to mention the plays are always GOOD! Kansas City has some fine actors, and this event always showcases that as well. This is a really fun event to go to with a group of friends and pack a picnic dinner that would make the Barefoot Contessa, Ina Garten proud.I have a soft spot in my heart for Shakespeare in the Park too, because when I attended KCAI's Summer Studio for high school students in the summer of 1995, that was one of the outings they took us on. I believe it  was Taming of the Shrew that year. Anyway, it was one of my first outings with the boy who, 15 years later is now my fiancé. Getting to sit with him in the grass on a summer evening is one of my favorite memories of the summer we met. Awwww, a happy ending that I think Shakespeare might actually approve of!
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2010,9/3/2010,111,63,1,4,5>This place Makes it..............If you like breakfast, with lots of the fixins, this place is for you.I ordered the eggs and chicken fried steak with loaded hashbrowns (cheese, bacon, sourcream).  Comes with a big biscuit.   This was very tasty and filling.  Also ordered two monster cinnamon rolls and a carmel pecan cluster.Kids promised me they could finish their two scrambled eggs with biscuit and a whole cinnamon roll.  Well they did the eggs and biscuit, but hardly ate 1/3 of the Monster cinn-roll.  They are massive.Anyway,  we loved our treat, even if we did spend 35. bucks,  We got to bring momma home the equivalent of 2 cinn-rolls.Corner cafe is worth your breakfast dollar visiti.
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2010,9/2/2010,41,66,,7,7>I read an article about this shop back when they opened up in October, and knew that I definitely wanted to check it out.  Well, today was the day!  It is a wonderful little shop filled with whimsical gifts, and is owned by a mother and daughter team.  The Mama, Karen, was present while I looked around, and she was delightful herself!  I had a really nice time chatting with her about all kinds of things while I browsed.They sell a nice variety of items, virtually all of them handmade.  There are cards, ceramics, stuffed items, prints, clocks, shadow puppets, mixed media pieces, children's items (super cute crayon-holding aprons among them!,) and much more.  I just purchased a never-expiring calendar today, but made mental notes of future purchases I would like to make for either others or myself.  Many of the pieces are made by Kansas City folk, but there are other cities represented as well.  There is a nice price range too.  You can get something that will make you happy for just a few bucks, or you can spend quite a bit more than that.  The store is named after the game many of us used to play as kids (at least I did!) MASH - mansion apartment shack house.  Karen said the goal was to offer items to uniquely decorate any of those options.It seems like I have been in many little stores like this, but honestly I don't think there can be too many.  I love interesting art and things whether they are useful items or eye candy.  I am not ashamed to admit that I enjoy surrounding myself with things that I like looking at, and this store is full of happiness!
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2010,9/1/2010,57,268,,4,4>Donna's Dress Shop oh how I heart you.I'm not normally an impulse buyer but I walked out with 3 things after my first visit to this adorable boutique!  Got a black elastic belt with a gold and black leaf clasp in the front, a vintage-inspired yellow sweater, and found an awesome dress on the sale rack that fit me perfectly!  The top was a black scoop neck tank and the bottom had pleated tulle layers that gradually changed from light gray to black.  I got so many compliments on it from my friends!  Like others have said, everything is priced really well so you won't break the bank shopping here.The layout of the store is fairly straightforward: new items are in the front of the store, the vintage and sale items toward the back, and accessories placed to the side and the middle.  The fitting rooms were also on the side with curtains instead of doors.Donna herself was working there and she was so sweet.  Looked like she stepped right out of the 1950s.  She was wearing the cutest A-line green dress, matching big green and white flower earrings, and cat-eyed glasses.  Keep doing what you do girl!
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2010,8/31/2010,189,280,9,4,3>Mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord: It is the Happy Gillis Tartine...Glory, glory hallelujah!It was a hungry day.  A low on sleep/slight headache from the night before day.  I was in Westport and decided to pop into Sunfresh to check out their sushi selection.  No veggie kind made that day.  BLAST.  I hopped over to Goodcents, my one true weakness in fast food subs.  CLOSED. (what?!)  I was reaching the point of delirium where one thinks their forearm would make a good snack.And then, I remembered this lovely, lovely place.  I'd trekked here a few weeks ago and treated myself to their quaint decor, lovely orange couches and a sammie with fresh ricotta, arugula (they were out of the arugula/pistachio pistou), asparagus and pea sprouts.  Lovelylovely, but a little too heavy on the ricotta for my tastes.Something told me I wanted to make the trip from the 'port to Columbus Part...and I thank sweet tiny infant Jesus that I did.An open-faced delight of toasty, crunchy wheat bread (with all the grains and nuts and great stuff about good bread) smothered in creamy hummus, topped with AMPLE amounts of arugula, feta and an assortment of olives (warning!: with pits...don't hurt your chompers) all sprinkled with Za'atar.*breathe*I love Happy Gillis.  It's so sunshiney and bright (and I have a major crush on one of the employees there to boot.) and I want to go there again and again and again.  And because sandwiches are by far my most favorite food group...I will!
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2010,8/30/2010,553,763,,7,7>I stopped here on two different First Friday's in the Crossroads.  I wasn't sure if it was a gallery or  music store.  The front of the place looks like a retail outlet, but you get to the back and there are all these custom painted guitars in large shadow boxes hanging on the wall.  Turns out, this place has a little bit of everything and it all relates to music.I was in search of guitar stands last weekend and i emailed Scott, one of the owners.  He emailed me back that same night and I went in to pick up the stands the next day.  Scott gave me a tour which included a new recording studio in the back.  I didn't even know anything was in the back.  The recording studio was built by another KC music insider- a guy associated with the Record Bar? I envy musicians.  the beauty of this place is that non-musicians will not feel awkward roaming around.  You can feel all rock star, even if just for a moment.Check it out next First Friday!
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2010,8/29/2010,108,140,6,11,4>Very good burger, a better one for under $6 cannot be found, at least in KC. I got the Baja 1/3 lb. burger and it was excellent, very juicy and messy. The bun somehow held together despite the greasy burger paired with the chipotle mayo.We got both the smashfries and regular fries. Both were very good, at no point did I reach for the ketchup. I think if I had to choose one I would go with the smashfries. I'll definitely try the sweet potato fries on the next visit.My wife got the KC Smashburger and she loved it. She, unlike Joe H., enjoys bbq sauce on her burgers. We went last night and she tried to go back for lunch today to get her hands on the mushroom swiss burger. I can think of no other occasion where she wanted something for 2 meals in a row. The burgers are that good.Since I'm giving out 5 stars I'm going to pick some nits here. First off, they have Cholula instead of Tabasco. I have no idea why restaurants make this choice. It's like choosing RC for your fountain drinks instead of Coke (Smashburger uses Coke products, the correct choice, Pepsi sucks). I'll go without hot sauce rather than using Cholula (is that how it's spelled? I won't even touch the stuff so I'm not learning to spell it).Second, I had a messy burger. I felt like I needed a shower after eating it. When I went to the restroom to clean my hands and arms I was greeted with a sink that might deliver a pint of water in 5 minutes. It seriously had 5 tiny streams of water coming from the tap. I didn't even get through one layer of grease on my arm hair with the soap and water. They need one of those surgical sinks where I can dip my whole arm under a full flow of water. If you're going to get me all dirty, you'd better give me the facilities to clean myself up too (this goes for you too Bonita Flats).Third, they only have "lite" lemonade on tap. I love lemonade, but I'm not going to touch the lite option with your tongue. They also didn't have a root beer option, though they do have IBC in the bottle. Luckily, they had Orange Fanta on tap so I wouldn't have to drink Coke. I've never been on a diet or anything and have never drank diet drinks so I'm not an authority, but it seems to me that if I want lite drinks, I'm not going to want an 800 calorie burger. Give us full flavored lemonade.On the other side, nits I'd like to congratulate, the kids meal of a burger and fries for $3.99 was quite a good deal. The burger was a nice size and we got plenty of fries. Also, as mentioned above, they have Coke products on tap. The service was quick and friendly which, at least with friendly, is to be expected on the first day open. We'll see if they're still friendly a month after dealing with frantic Sprinters worried about their jobs. That kind of thing can take the joie de vivre from any burger flipper, just look at Brad Hamilton.Overall, I don't think you're going to do better than Smashburger for a family burger night out or a nice burger lunch. Just make sure you have someplace to hose yourself off when you're done.
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2010,8/28/2010,48,61,2,5,1>Like a few other reviewers, I've heard mixed opinions about NDP.  I've had several of their pizzas, the "Hippie Chick" was my absolute favorite.  It was loaded with veggies (they don't skimp!) and the deep dish crust was awesome.  So many deep dish pizzas are loaded with tons of cheese so you have to stop after 1-2 pieces.  This pizza has more toppings, less loads of cheese.  The sauce is pretty tasty with a slight spice to it, not heavy, but well seasoned.  The crust is where they win my heart!  It's yeasty, cooked well, and truly tasty.  This place is a lighter (if that's possible) version of traditional Chicago style deep dish, so I like it more.  Personal opinion.They also have a great drink menu with a full bar.  NDP offers several drinks you have a harder time getting elsewhere, so this impressed and pleased me.NDP is a nice, local joint, albeit a tad on the pricey side.  I've yet to check out their buffet, maybe next time.
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/6/2010,8/27/2010,136,130,8,5,6>Edit:  ROTD?!?!  Really?!?!  Thanks guys and gals~!!Ahhh Lucky Strike...  I have vowed to never come here again, although that doesn't mean its a hell hole.  Let me explain.I NEVER come here for bowling.  To me bowling is a leisurely activity you enjoy with a group of friends.. sipping on beers, wearing casual clothing.  It just seems to ostentatious to bowl here imo, local chill bowling alley for me anyday.Now I have come here many times before on saturday nights and it is usually a pretty happening place.  I like the music personally.  Mainly mainstream hip-hop/dance club beats.  The crowd mainly consists of yuppies and asians (yes I am aware one can be both).  That might sound weird but I kid-thee-not it is true.  Check it out and pay attention to the demographics of the crowd and you will notice I am right hahah.  Well anyways, the reason I no longer go to Lucky Strike is because the last time I was here, I was sitting on a stool by the dance floor minding my own business, when someone threw a beer bottle in my face then he and his group of friends ran out of Lucky Strike with a quickness.  After I wiped my beer soaked face up with a towel, I ran after them.  I quickly found them outside of Lucky Strike and as I was approaching them, half of the group was saying sorry hahah.  Mind you I did not know which one of them did it and I'm not the type to start swinging at innocent people.  As my girlfriends came up and berated them, one of the guys starts to punch two of my girlfriends in the face!!Later find out this is the guy that threw the bottle.  Anyways I tackle him and put his face to the ground and next thing I know I am in handcuffs.  Well anyway to make the story short, I wasn't charged with anything and that doode went to jail.  YES JUSTICE!!But yea anyways, watch out for the sociopathic douchebags at Lucky Strike.
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2010,8/26/2010,76,219,2,6,3>Where to start.  This was my 2nd visit to Bristol - my first experience happens to have been with Andrew J. (see review below).  I really can't add or subtract anything from his review - it's spot-on!So, visit #2 was for Mother's Day, a party of 9, which Bristol was eager to accommodate.  First, loved the little biscuits/bread that they offer.  Nothing fancy, but definitely good.  The menu was fairly large, mostly comprising of seafood items and steak.  For me, this is terrific.  However, my aunt who was at the dinner is allergic to seafood.  Did Steve not know this somehow????  Ummm... no.Bristol accommodated her with a chicken dish, and the chef made an alfredo sauce for her (even though it wasn't on the menu).  Big points here.  For a good chef (and I think this chef may be in the great category), I'm guessing alfredo sauce is like me making a ham/cheese sandwich.   But still - they were willing to accommodate, and that's extra points. :)I cannot remember what everyone ordered, but everyone said their meal was very, very good.  My uncle didn't much like the lobster mac 'n cheese, but I disagree - I loved it.My meal was seared/blackened Ahi tuna, with potatoes, and it was MARVELOUS.  Really.  Some of the best Ahi I have ever had.The service was good, not overbearing, but attentive.  Good ambiance, music not too loud, and my mom was impressed by the sinks in the bathroom.   So if that's on your restaurant list of needs, then... ummm... there you go.  Cool bathrooms.In summary:  my 2 experiences with Bristol have been top-notch.  It's certainly not a cheap dining experience, but with Bristol, I think you are getting quality for your money.  Can't say that about all establishments that are expensive.Enjoy!
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2010,8/25/2010,202,441,4,4,4>The menu was so creative and so wonderful that I had an incredibly hard time choosing what to eat. Thankfully the girl behind the counter knew very well how overwhelming the menu can be and had excellent suggestions. She even admitted that she had yet to try everything on the menu because there is so much!I loved that you got to choose a person as your "number." Mr. Albert Einstein hung out with us as we waited for our Thai stuffed crepe. The cook brought out our meal; he was a very nice man. He even complemented my drink choice and said that he'd never had someone order it before... I got a green tea/blood orange/mango Bubble tea. It was fantastic. I loved the atmosphere. I loved the food. I loved the suggestions. I loved the cook. I loved my tea. I love Nica's.
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2010,8/24/2010,339,655,9,12,11>Why the hell am I going to national "chop shop" chains to get my hair cut anyway? Well, I've made a MISTAKE. I've now been saved. Can you say AMEN, brother? Can I get an Amen, sista? HALLELUJAH!Driving past this place, it's pretty non descript. You enter and it's got that edgy cool feel and the staff exude that vive, ya know what I mean bro?I give my name (I've already made a reservation) and they ask me what I'd like to drink? Drink???? While getting a haircut? It starts at water and soda and goes to Beer and Wine. Well, if I wasn't going out tonight..........it isn't like I'm the one cutting my hair while consuming an alcoholic bev right?Anyway, I have gone on a tangent. Holly P introduces herself and tells me that she'll be my stylist. Quite friendly and that always makes the experience that much better and puts one at ease. My haircut goes by in 0...to 60 seconds......as we chat away about pretty much everything. What do you get for the $15 cut you might ask? Well, you get an AMAZING cut (she asked for feedback several times about hair length and style), a hot tower and a short neck/shoulder massage, and a straight edge razor to the back of the neck to help clean you up. AMAZING after such a hard day at work. I'll have to ask my live-in masseuse to do that more often. Anyway, it gets better. She gives me an amazing shampoo and massages the scalp. I told her that I was going out tonight and wouldn't have an opportunity to cleanup the hair. Well, there was barely anything left. She cleaned up well. So, thank you, Holly P for making me look quite sharp!I met the owner. He operates this business and it's sister in Merriam with his wife. They have other services here, too such as massage, skin care, and a nail salon. You'd never picture it from the outside. They have a private parking lot, which is great, so you can avoid street parking or meters.Hipsters, this is just edgy enough for you. So........I've found my favorite place to get a cut in MO and you know what? I'll be baaaaaaaaaaaaaack as Ahnolddddddddd says.
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2009,8/23/2010,728,115,26,8,13>You don't forget your first time.  In my 20 something years of existence (primarily spent in Midwest BBQ land, mind you) I have completely dodged the carnivorous bullet.  No bovine or swine.  Words to live by.  I felt a little like I was gearing up for my first sexual encounter standing in the line at Oklahoma Joes.  Nervousness.  A desire to just get it over with so I could finally say it happened.  No expectation of enjoyment or satisfaction.  A little bit of nausea bubbling up looking at the meat.The beau convinced me to do this.  Eat at Oklahoma Joes that is.  We kept steady banter through the 20 minute wait in line so I could divert my attention from what was about to happen.  He orders for us, opting for the Z Man, Carolina Style Pork and a slab of chicken just in case I am not as satisfied with my first carnivorous encounter as he assures me I will be.  (*Note to self, be weary of someone with these powers of coercion.  What the hell am I doing here with sloppy meat sandwiches in front of me?  Have I been drugged?)I start with the Carolina Pork.  I'm staring it down.  Hesitant.  Internal dialogue despite my brave face for the boy: "You can do this.  You can put it in your mouth.  Chew.  Swallow.  It will be over.  You can say you did it and happily chow on some chicken.  Don't be such a pussy.  Anthony Bourdain says this is something you have to eat before you die.  This food.  In this gas station.  Don't be such a pussy, just put it in your mouth.  Its just meat.  Everyone else looks like they enjoy it."Holy hell.  This changes everything.  This sandwich is good.  No.  Actually this sandwich deserves the use of an expletive.  This sandwich is fucking good.  (and on that note way better than my first sexual encounter, I should not have put the two in the same category)I probably won't start ordering bacon cheeseburgers or medium rare steaks but hot damn I could certainly do some damage to another Z Man.  Thanks, oh persuasive one for making me try new things.  Like Oklahoma Joes.  My mouth is watering a little at the thought, can't decide whether to be grossed out of jovial over that....
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2010,8/22/2010,48,51,17,10,4>So, tonight my hair caught fire while teaching science to underprivileged youth. (No, I'm not lying, I seriously doubt I could make up an intro that good.) I needed a haircut and I needed it fast. Fortunately, this Aveda salon is open until 9. I left the scene of the disaster by 7 p.m., was in the chair by 8, and had relatively unscathed hair by 9. A really sweet stylist named Norbi had the "honor" of trying to save the fried disaster that was my head. She did a great job, and we had a lovely chat about Columbia (the country, where's she's from), traveling (we both enjoy seeing how the locals live), and how to get the scorched chicken smell out of burned hair. (Fresh oranges, who knew?) Thanks for saving my pride, Norbi. I owe you one.
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,8/21/2010,222,511,3,8,5>Oh, how Lady and the Tramp this place feels. No, it's not an Italian joint but a little French joint instead. And no long pasta to slurp up while you lock eyes and kiss. Nevertheless, it is still horribly romantic and the food is OMFG amazing.We arrived at the restaurant and decided that we must sit outdoors on one of the first nice days of the year this past spring. Once outside and seated, the waiter came over to give us our menus and ask what drink we may want. Oh, and the waiter was oh-so-very-French and along with his outfit screamed "You have now left Kansas City and are in Western Europe."The meal started with a (French) onion soup. What nice flavor. The soup was a nice beefy broth with a touch of sweetness and a touch of something that give it a notch of spice. One of the best onion soups. The bread was fresh from the oven; the outside was perfectly crusty, while the inside was soft with a buttery texture.We split two meals - the pheasant with vegetables and mashed potatoes and the seared tuna with seaweed salad, lightly roasted shallots, carrots and rice. The waiter happily substituted a bowl of frites for the mashed potatoes since the beau cannot consume the dairy.It wasn't long before the meal was devoured. The tuna was absolutely amazing to the point we were almost fighting for it. The quail was delicious, though I wish I had ordered the duck since I'm far more of a duck fan than a quail fan. The lightly salted, crispy french fries that tasted like they were straight out of the motherland.At some point around here, we completely forgot we were in Kansas City. Blocked out were the street beyond and the parking lot behind me. Focus was on the chateau-like walls of the building with the French feel that didn't give it overkill.At that point, both were stuffed beyond belief but out came the dessert menu. Wills were easily destroyed by temptation and a trio of sorbet/ice cream was ordered - lemon basil sorbet, chocolate sorbet and armagnac (a type of cognac) ice cream - with a macaron on top. They were so accommodating and gave us two separate glasses - one with the sorbet and another with the ice cream - since the beau is highly lactose intolerant.While Le Fou Frog is pricy, it is worth every damn penny. Between the food, the service and the atmosphere, this is one of my favorite restaurants in Kansas City.
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2010,8/20/2010,2544,833,5,8,5>Did you notice that it's pretty much Spring? It seems that everybody in Kansas City has noticed that, and there are more people outside that i have seen in god knows how long.  The man and I wanted to be a part of this whole Fresh Air movement, so we walked around River Market for a while this afternoon. Our key discovery for the day? That Bloom Baking Co. is finally open!This operation took over the spot formerly occupied by Succotash (good riddance!) and it has been transformed. The eastern half is the actual bakery. I like that you can see in through the garage-doors into the baking action. It's a great touch. The western portion is the storefront. It seems like they are still working as a limited operation, but i like what i saw. They have lots and lots of sweets, and i saw a few children looking wide-eyed at the display case of cupcakes. Watch out Baby Cakes (just kidding, i love you!) I was more in the mood for traditional bread, and after the gentleman behind the counter gave me a brief rundown of their product line, we decided on a loaf of challah and a loaf of focaccia. Together they cost $7.50, which i think is quite reasonable. they're also delicious! The gentleman also informed me that soon they'll be working on loaves of wheat bread, which is what i really need the most, for sandwiches and whatnot. I really like this place and look forward to what else they come up with. I guess they're going to have a downstairs children's party room, where rugrats can decorate their own cookies and cupcakes. If i were to ever breed i'd totally take them to do something like that. My only recommendation would be to have a reach in fridge with Shatto milks, as nothing goes better with cookies and cupcakes as milk. Welcome to the neighborhood Bloom, I have a feeling you'll be staying a long time.
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2010,8/19/2010,28,132,,6,5>We just went on vacation, and when we arrived in Chicago from Kansas, some random woman in the restroom told me my hair was cute.  Then when returning to Kansas (and again at Midway airport in Chicago) a woman stopped me while I was waiting in line to ask if she could take a picture of my hair because she wanted to show it to her stylist and get hers done the same.  Way to go Mo!  I will have to tell her that the next time I am at Chop Tops.
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2010,8/18/2010,122,77,12,13,9>It's super high-class style ice cream. Real hoity-toity like, dig? It's like a deep frozen magical molecular gastronomical taste explosion so great it'll make you wanna slap yo momma. And I know what you're saying right now. You're saying, "No, Andrew J.--I will not slap my momma. Not under any circumstances. No matter how high-class or molecularized this gastronomic taste explosion might be." But you see, I also know what you're thinking.You're thinking, "But, Andrew J.--Maybe you're right. Maybe...you're...right. Maybe I will feel compelled to lay my hand across the beloved woman who bore me. I mean, could there be anything more stupendous than crazy-ass flavors like GOAT CHEESE BLACK CHERRY or LEMON CURD WITH BLUEBERRY or CARMELIZED BANANA or SWEET-FREAKING-CORN?!" And I know the answer. Aw, hell naw. __________________________________________In case you're curious, here's an exhaustive list of their Wonka-like delights.BASIL-LIME SORBETCARAMELIZED PEACHCRÈME FRAICHEFRESH MINTLEMON SORBETPRICKLY PEAR CACTUS SORBETSWEET CORNVENEZUELAN SPICED CHOCOLATEBLACK CHERRY CHOCOLATE CHIPCHOCOLATE SORBETFLEUR DE SEL CARAMELGOAT CHEESE WITH HONEYPEANUT BUTTER AND JELLYSALTED PRETZELVANILLA BEANVIETNAMESE CINNAMONCARAMELIZED BANANACOFFEEFRENCH LAVENDERLEMON CURD WITH BLUEBERRIESPINEAPPLE CILANTRO SORBETSTRAWBERRY BALSAMICVENEZUELAN DARK CHOCOLATEWILD STRAWBERRY SORBET
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2010,8/17/2010,15,29,,6,4>It was a beautiful spring day and our destination was a patio for lunch and libations.  We decided to check out The Westside Local since it was close to the office and fit the need for sunshine.  The Westside Local is located on the NE corner of 17th & Summit.  Parking is a little tight since its mainly street parking, but we were able to find a spot on Summit just a  1/2 block down the street.  The inside dining space is a mixture of rustic exposed brick and modern furniture, probably would seat 30-40 people.  But our destination was the Patio!  We were seating on of 5-6 large picnic tables where it had somewhat of a communal vibe where you could be seated next to another group on the large picnic tables.  The server handed us two menus, the food menu and the large beer & wine menu.  On one side of the food menu it had a large selection of al a carte 'Localities' -  an interesting mix of meats, cheeses, and vegetables, 'Snacks' (a limited appetizer selection), and Soups/Salads.  Prices were mixed - individual Localities were $2 each, Snacks were $6-$9, and Soups/Salads $4-12.  On the back side of the menu were the Large Plates (main course) which ranged from $15-$22, and Sandwiches $8-11.  Now if you're looking for large selection - this isn't the place.  If you're looking for a limited menu done well - this is your place!!!  The beer & wine menu was extensive, approx 20 wines (didn't look at much), and 30-40 beers which were mainly bottles.  I opted for the Summit burger with garlic fries and a nice 22 ounce Avery Salvation to wash it down.  Our meals arrived fairly quickly - and WOW we were all impressed with our meals.  I could quickly tell this wasn't the standard burger.  To start, the burger meat is ground fresh, served on a fresh baked roll from Fervere, arugula, Swiss cheese and a mustard sauce. The garlic fries were served with in-house made ketchup and a lemony aioli.  The house made ketchup was a little odd, it tasted more like marinara sauce vs. ketchup - but that's a minor detail.  The food was excellent - staff was friendly - and I loved the attention to ingredients.  I will certainly go back, now all we need is another sunny spring day!
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2010,8/15/2010,72,133,6,4,4>Beyond the fluffy, melt-in-your-mouth glazed donuts , this place is right out of the 50's and super cute.  I think I might have almost knocked over the original Beaver Cleaver with his walker on my mad rush in for a donut post-call.  Great ambiance, delicious, around the corner, and quite a steal.   Watch out hips, glazed twists (my fave), here I come!
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2010,8/14/2010,47,283,1,9,2>One word--- Dosas.OMG THEY HAVE DOSAS. Delicious wonderful dosas. Dosas that you eat with your (right) hand. Dosas filled with tasty things. Dosas made with that savory mouthwatering flour. YumyumyumyumYUM!My husband and I split a Masala Dosa, some Veggie Korma, Nan and a Mango Lassi. Unlike some other restaurants, rice comes with the main dishes, a nice bonus. Everything was perfectly done and the prices were really reasonable for the portions, we even ended up with leftovers that he had for lunch the next day. The lassi was very mango flavored but not too sweet, more like the lassis that I had in India than those that I've had at other Indian restaurants in the US.The atmosphere was ok and the service was attentive.I can not wait to go get more dosas!!!!
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/3/2010,8/12/2010,38,51,2,4,3>My rating is creeping up - I want to give credit where credit is due.  On the way home mid-afternoon, I had a tote bag full of magazines and newspapers and a rumbling tummy, all of which required attention.  A slow-paced lunch seemed to be the best way to attend to those needs, and it seemed like a good time to give Seed a fourth (maybe fifth?) chance.I thought things were off to a bad start when I arrived and there were no staff to be seen.  I hung out up front by the register for a minute or two, less because I needed someone to show me where to sit than concerned that if I sat myself, no one would ever notice me.  But that was the only rough patch of the meal today.  After four (or five) punishingly slow visits to Seed, the whole visit took a sensible pace today.  My smoothie showed up within five minutes, and my BLT in about ten.  Both were not mind-blowing but were definitely yummy, and the girl who took care of me was cheerful and friendly.It figures the one time I was counting on a long, slow lunch was the time they moved at a quicker pace, but I'll definitely take the upgrade.
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2010,8/11/2010,36,117,5,5,4>Blanc.Good God.Take the best parts of a cow (the strip, ribeye, prime rib) and grind it into a patty and you'll have the makings of a great burger.If I could recommend to you a mouth orgy, I would do so thusly:Barnyard Burger (no pickles)Truffle Fries (a fucking must-have, one of the best things I ever put in my mouth.)Pale ale-battered onion ringsA bottle of Boulevard Sixth GlassGET ON IT!
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2010,8/10/2010,148,216,4,11,5>How could I give anything other than 5 stars?  If I got to choose my last meal on Earth, it would be Garozzo's.  Located east of City Market off 5th & Harrison in the heart of Little Italy (Yes, Kansas City has its own Little Italy), it's a corner brick restaurant with apartments above.  Perfecto!  Just what you picture an authentic italian restaurant to look like.  When you walk in, it's all dark wood, close together tables, and loud Frank Sinatra.  There's a small bar not very suited toward large crowds, but on a Friday or Saturday night, you'll either have be crammed in there or waiting out on the sidewalk with your glass of wine while you wait for a table.  Making reservations is a necessity here.  I prefer Open Table...no muss no fuss and I can do it from my phone.Although it's all clean, shiney and new now due to a disastrous arson fire a few years ago it still feels small and quaint and the food is still delicious.  Yes, I said arson.  What?!  I'm not implying anything just because it's an Italian restaurant!Anyway, I like to start off with their wonderful garlic, olive oil, romano cheese bread dipping bowl of heaven.  Follow that up with a stuffed artichoke and you just might be able to impress your date by lighting your garlic breath on fire when you leave.  Seriously, you'll be sweating garlic for the next 3 days.  I'm not kidding.My usual, and favorite, is the fettuccini alfio.  Pasta cooked perfectly, slightly stiff in the middle, with a soupy, creamy, cheesy alfredo sauce.  I'd love to literally dive into a giant bowl of this sauce and live in it.It's always too much to eat, but I do my best.  I do try to save room for some cool spumoni topped with a shot of brandy just to wrap it all up.Service here ranges from good to excellent.  They always have a good wine to recommend and I can't recall ever having to wait on anything for too long.Tip #1: Make reservations and be prepared to circle a couple of blocks to find parking.  I've never really had a problem finding a space but you do have to hunt.  I think there's a small lot on the opposite corner, but I always manage to find a nice spot on the street.  Tip #2: Bring lots of breath mints.
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2010,8/9/2010,50,183,8,9,8>This is probably one of the best places to go for both vegetarians and unrepentant carnivores. The meatless dishes are delicious and satisfying, particular favorites being the atiklett and gomen. Yes, they somehow manage to make fantastic collard greens with zero pork. I'd not have thought it possible. Truly, a kitchen miracle. On the other hand, if you want to get your flesh fix you can always order kitfo--a sexy pile of warm, raw ground beef slathered in spicy niter kibbeh. They'll try to cook it a little for you, but don't let them! Stand firm. Insist when ordering that your kitfo be served correctly: raw. They should do it for you, though they might ask a few times if you're sure. Yes, you're sure. You are very, unrepentantly sure, you carnivorous beast, you.Kitfo is easily my favorite thing on the menu; however, since the world is full of squeamish weirdos who will not munch meat until it has undergone a minimum of Maillard, they offer other meat dishes, too. As unnecessary as theses dishes may be in light of the glory that is kitfo, they all happen to be really tasty. In the long-forgotten days before I discovered the One True Dish, I frequently enjoyed the doro and tibs wats. Your best bet might be to just try everything via one of the combination plates, available either vegeterian or not.And now that I have worked myself up into a fit of mild starvation thinking about it, I'm heading to the river market for some kitfo.
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2010,8/8/2010,54,74,6,5,3>Right off the bat, I have to say if a Chinese restaurant has novelty drinks that are served in ridiculous stemware (yes, stemware), then I probably already love it.  Maybe this makes me stuck in high school, but there is something amazing about super sugary drinks that immediately give you a hangover.  Don't get me wrong, I can be a drink snob, but I can also appreciate kitsch.  If drinking something out of a glass that is shaped like the head of some guy with a mustache is wrong, I don't want to be right.  Disclaimer:  I have willingly bought a bottle of Boone's Farm in the last year and drank it.  You may never want to read my alcohol-related reviews again.I have found myself at Po's in the past because there was too long of a wait at Blue Koi.  After my last dining experience at Po's I don't think Blue Koi will be my first choice ever again.   Unless, of course, I am desperately craving the Braised Tofu with Shitake Mushrooms or the Awesome Sauce.Po's does dumplings right.  They are amazing.  The skin is just the right thickness and the filling is flavorful enough to be eaten without the dipping sauce. All of the dishes I have tried have been fresh and flavorful.  I had the crispy pan fried noodles the last time I was there, and it was quite solid.  Some canned vegetables, but also some delicious carrots and peppers.  Yum.  The pan fried onion cake was the best I've had in a long time, and who doesn't like pan fried things?  Crazies.The service was very friendly.  My friend was with me and he noticed she had picked out all of her mushrooms and told her he could have made it without.  That to me shows how fresh the food is here, and it is also top notch service.So hooray for the Po's.  Long live the Po's.  I love Po's Dumpling Bar.
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2010,8/7/2010,117,166,5,5,4>KC Costume is one of those stores that keep me up at night wondering how they stay in business, because I know that not enough people know about it or go there! My theory thanks the overwhelming amount of burlesque in this little city. us burly-girlies LOVE KC Costume. They have staple pieces, as many wigs as anyone could possibly need, a wide variety of feather boas and fans, and tons of pre-made packaged costumes (more for Halloween.) And now don't think that just because you're not a burly-girly, that KC Costume doesn't have anything for you! Because that is certainly not the case! Get down there and find yourself something that makes you feel good, 12 inch tall crystal tiara, maybe? Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum hats? They have everything!!
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2010,8/6/2010,10,54,5,4,4>LOOONG time no see!!! okay, so this place gets all 5 stars because the food R-O-C-K-S (or I was really hungry *wink, wink*)  The food, the food.... while waiting for your order they bring you homemade dinner rolls that are superb!! so superb that  Bush (ya know, that guy that lived in the white house for too long... yeah that one) he actually stopped by and ordered one of their famous dinner rolls... Yes, if you think like me, you'll agree that it was pretty stupid to JUST ORDER A ROLL when you're already there, right? Duh! Anyway, unlike Mr. Bush, I ordered roast beef with a side of mashed potatoes AND stuffing (no stupid steamed veggies in my meal) (quite frankly I think it is stupid to order steamed veggies as a side WHEN YOU ARE PAYING!! ORDER THE GOOD STUFF PEOPLE!!) OOPS sorry, side tracking again,,,,,, ok where was I? Oh yes, the food. Oh dear GAWD, the mashed potatoes are divine!! buttery, garlicky tres' delicioso! (like the French and Spanish mix *wink*) and the roast beef, whoa, I mean I didn't even need a dinner knife, I just forked that sucker into my mouth, it was so tender..... yummo.  Okay so I'm sure you catch my drift by now,, the food is awesome.  I was very pleased (and sleepy when I left).  So on to other things... the service... She was nice, took a while to get my food but I had the rolls to snack on remember? soooo I really didn't mind too much----- Price Range--- Hmm, I think the lowest thing I saw was soup for around 4 bucks and the highest plate was 'round 20? sooo, anyone could eat there really. -----When you walk in, the restaurant is full of memorabilia... ya know,, old harleys, old soda ads, an old school gas pump, you get the picture... and they have an open kitchen concept for pie baking... ya know, you can see them hard at work making delicious desserts.  I ordered the peach cobbler... but... wasn't too impressed with the desserts.  Dessert's dessert=sweet and fruity... Not much to it.. However, I do recommend you go for the MASHED POTATOES!!! AND THE ROLLS!!  Oh and just for the record, the people I went with, were just as pleased with their meals,, so that tells me (and you) that pretty much the whole menu is delish!! so Enjoy!
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2010,8/5/2010,133,258,3,6,4>I spend way too much time at Station Coffee. Or at least in their drive-through. Which may be hazardous to my health, as I'll admit that the biggest downfall of Station is the parking lot in which it is situated; on the corner of SW Trafficway and Westport Rd, the worst intersection ever, it's just kind of a mess. But I would say that the coffee is entirely worth it.It's really excellent coffee. It just is. I have two different kinds of lattes in my life: the ones that aren't so great, and to which I have to add Splenda and perhaps some nutmeg and cinnamon, and those that need no help. I am currently sipping one that required no additional assistance.It doesn't hurt that it is prepared by a delightful crew of adorable, super friendly hipstery sorts. And that their baked goods are entirely worth the caloric intake, especially the blackberry peach muffins. I may go through the drive-through more often just to avoid seeing them, as they totally destroy my self-control, strong though it may be.I will warn you that their sizes are, well, like normal coffee shops. Not like Starbucks. Get a large if you want a "grande" from the Sbucks. But hey, at least you don't have to pretend you're part of an elite and badly pronounced Italian society. Now you can get your caffeine from an entirely lovely team of people. And your dog can get a biscuit that may in fact be the size of her petite face. And no one will try too hard. However, the door sticks. My lady and I maybe made small fools of ourselves when we went in this morning. This may be yet another vote for the drive-through. Literally, I'm moving this week, and one of my bigger crises was that Station wasn't going to be on the way to work anymore. I guess it's worth driving five minutes out of my way to tackle the worst intersection ever, though. It's just that good.
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2010,8/4/2010,123,254,2,5,3>This is a very happy zoos.  The animals here have some of the largest display habitats of any zoos in the country.  Also, the zoo animals are not forced to be on display.  In the morning, the doors are opened, and if the animals choose not to go out, they're not on display.  But unlike some zoos, the animals are readily visible; no seemingly empty cages with just vegetation.  The labels provide plenty of information on each species, including issues of conservation.  They are very tolerant of guests bringing in food and beverage.  They also sell snacks and meals at various locations.  And soda pop is readily available at many Coca-Cola machines ($2.50).  For a cheaper experience, bring a picnic basket, and you'll be pleased to find many different places where your group can settle and eat.  The different areas are fairly spread out, but as an alternative to walking, one may choose to take the tram ($0.75/each trip) or the train ($2.50/round trip).  Also, a ride pass may be purchased ($5) for unlimited rides, including the train, tram and carousel (no boats or camels).  I was on foot most of the day and was quite happy.  If you don't feel like purchasing a pass or tickets, the walks are not at all undo-able.  The service at the front of the park is great.  They are very friendly and knowledgeable.  They'll give you a lot of information about membership, which is a great deal!  Also, the Sea lion show is one of my favorite because of its, we'll call it: edutainment!
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2010,8/3/2010,21,54,5,4,1>Did you know dogs like to eat VCR tapes? Me neither.I have to take our Dalmatian here on several occasions. If you have ever met the dog, you just wonder how he hasn't managed to seriously harm himself on a daily basis. Dumber than a doornail here folks.But, I feel very comfortable here and the vets are fantastic. I only wish leaving wasn't such an overhaul of my wallet.
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2010,8/2/2010,25,91,,4,1>Had to try after reading so many great things about it.  Started with the spring rolls and peanut sauce and I thought they were very good, although I do agree with Jay that they do give a lot of peanut sauce.  No problem though.  My wife had the Tom yum soup (shrimp) and this was one of the best soups I have ever tasted.  I then had the red curry with shrimp and it was medium spiced and had tons of flavor.  Very well cooked shrimp.  My wife had the sweet and sour chicken (she tends to stay within her comfort zone) and it was much better then any sweet and sour chicken you get at any corner chinese resturaunt.  There was a lot of meat and peppers and the sauce was not too sweet, great balance of sweet vs sour.  Would have probably been a 5 star rating if we had not waited 5 minutes after getting seated to get something to drink.  Other then that, had a great experience.  Will definately go back!
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2010,8/1/2010,184,189,2,4,2>Gusto is a reinvention of what was the Lava Room in the Midtown neighborhood of KC. Friendly bartenders and very reasonable prices drive the crowd in here.The neighborhood can drive some people away but with street parking and lot parking across the street in the Walgreen's lot it really is pretty safe. The pool table is 50 cents! Nobody has a table that cheap in Midtown and the best part is there are usually really good people playing every night of the week. Old school video games are a nice touch but sometimes I wish they had more seating or some booths where the games sit. Great decor here, feels like a man cave before people knew what man caves were. Give this place a try and remember you are going to a bar in Midtown and not Power and Light, the bartenders here are race horses not show ponies don't expect flare when getting a drink. I assure you that drink with be ice cold, potent, and delicious.
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,7/31/2010,50,87,5,7,3>Over the last nine months or so, I have been making an effort to "go local" as much as possible; or at least to support local businesses. When I discovered Burrito Bros. it seemed like it could be a good alternative to my often visited lunch spot, Chipotle. Unlike some other reviews on here, I can't address the issue of the burritos falling apart because 95% of the time I order a burrito bowl without rice. It's not that I'm a fan of the Atkins/South Beach or any other low carb trend, it's just the sheer weight of Chipotle's tortilla in my stomach often left me lethargic and too full to make it through my afternoon at work. Besides, if I'm going to ingest that many carbs, they'd better be part of a nice thick pint of stout. I've been to Burrito Bros. twice now and, on both occasions, was very satisfied. I've found the food to be very good and fresh tasting. The beans are a bit runny (maybe why the tortillas don't hold together), but I don't mind that when eating from the bowl. Their pico de gallo and other sauces seem fresh and, on my last visit, I tempted fate and had the Hot Hot sauce, an excellent green sauce that has as much flavor as heat. I do take my lunch a little later than most of the working world, so I can't really address their speed when busy - I'm usually the only one in there. But I have enjoyed both of my visits and will definitely be going back often.
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2010,7/30/2010,521,843,2,5,5>I visited this location to see the wonderful Late Night Callers. I had an amazing time. I met Joi, and David A. and other Yelpers, as well as the band members. The Late Night callers are a very good up and coming band with meditative harmonics and a megaphone. I could listen to them for hours. I actually  sorted a few things out, and lifted problems to the universe...okay, enough of my metaphysics.I arrived with my friend, John, who uses a wheelchair. One of the reasons of the 4 stars is, the parking long has no handicapped spaces. It was difficult getting the wheelchair out of the car. It's kind called "creative parking." Parking on the street would've been a better option. Entering Crosstown Station was a treat for me. I've driven by it thousands of times, and have even used their parking lot. I have never been inside. Upon entering, and paying the cover, you walk down a ramp, which is carpeted. (Nice for my friend in the wheelchair.) The guy at the door was so cool. What a nice guy to have doing the cover charge duty. After entering, and walking down the ramp, you turn a corner, and the bar is set in a dark, mystic setting. I liked the lighting. On one side of  the venue, there's steps. They aren't steep steps, like movie theaters, but are lighted similar to them. The lights on the steps created an ambiance of a yellowish glow. On the other side of the venue, is a ramp, that goes to the two levels. Crosstown station is completely wheelchair access. You don't see that very often. The steps or ramps lead to a small stage area, with a dance floor, and a risen stage. The tables are both regular sized tables with chairs, or bar tables, with bar stools. I am 5 foot tall and  can't stand sitting at bar stools in a venue. I always appreciate regular tables and chairs. To the back of the venue, they have a full bar. They don't serve food. There wasn't a waitress, and I don't think they have table service. The bathrooms were spic and span clean and roomy. There is plenty of room to do your business. I always look for sound quality, and tend to return to places, if the sound isn't too pitchy or brassy. There was good instrumental balance. I could always hear the vocals, which is important in a band like the Late Night Callers. The one problem I found, and it's probably my fault for not thinking ahead of time, was that I was freezing. That is something to think about before going to the Crosstown Station. There were a couple of people heckling the band from the opposite side of the venue. I don't care for that kind of conduct. They were rude. The people I was with conducted them selves mature, and I enjoyed my evening. By the way, no iced tea is served. But they give you a large glass of water. I also learned of a drink I am willing to try, with cranberry juice, coconut rum and pineapple juice. I think that one has me sold.
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2010,7/29/2010,24,42,7,7,2>People who have worked in restaurants know what I mean when I say that it is pretty unusual to go back to a former place of employment to eat. Mostly because you get to see first hand the conditions that exist in the back of house. I worked here for about six months, and after not getting the raise I was promised, I quit. I quit in the worst way too. I no call no showed on First Friday. I am a proud member of the local Bridge Burners Union. I don't care. That was a crappy job. That being said, I still go there from time to time. For a while, some of the staff that I screwed over was still there, and I would get some serious stink eye from them. Again I don't care, and it's an open kitchen so I could see if there was anything extra going into my food. Not only is the food pretty good, I know that all the rules and regulations concerning food handling and storage were followed very carefully when I was there. I was surprised at the care that the owners took in this aspect of the business, because this place is so artsy fartsy, it would be easy to lose sight of the important behind the scenes stuff. I've never worked somewhere that took that much care as to the cleanliness of seemingly unimportant surfaces in the kitchen. I don't know if this is so much a testament to the quality of this establishment, or if it simply speaks to the type of scummy places I've been a part of in the past.I can attest that the crab rangoon, pizza dough, meat balls, croutons, wing sauce, and a lot of other stuff was made in house when I worked there, in small batches to ensure freshness. Food was labled, and rotated as new stock was added, and deliveries were made daily. The name of the place is Grinders, but forget their grinder, not that good. The name is a double entandre referring both to the sandwich and one of the owners, Stretch's art. He makes these big metal sculptures. He is his biggest fan. Someone needs to be though right? Anyway, check out the philly cheese steak. Awesome. Dripping with juices that are bad for you in the best way, served with provolone, or cheese whiz, they take no time to prepare, and are delicious. You can get them with turkey, but if you're eating here, your chief concern is not your health. You don't see a lot of star athletes eating at Waffle House, the same can be said for Grinders. But who cares, they are both really good. So save the healthy diet for tomorrow and get the roast beef. The place has a great beer selection, but they charge you for it. They got rid of PBR on tap though. What the hell? They replaced it with Natty Lite. BOO. They have concerts or whatever in back, but try to come here at off hours, give yourself an opportunity to enjoy the scenery. The owners are a little too aware of how cool this place is, and as a result can come off as a little full of themselves. To be fair though, they've done a lot of great things for the area, and if they're a little too proud of themselves, then you can't really hold that against them, it's a neat place, and has been a welcome addition to the city.
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2010,7/28/2010,55,20,4,8,6>One Bite is a case of an awesome restaurant with an extremely unfortunate location. If it were downtown I would be there several times a week. Instead it's way the hell out in Johnson County, so I only go there when I need my SuperTarget fix.The interior of this place literally makes me giddy. It's sleek and modern, but warm and friendly at the same time. I want to live there. Plus the kitchen, which is almost entirely visible from the bar is spotless. Absolutely the cleanest kitchen I've seen in the metro area.The food is pretty awesome, too. I love the seaweed salad. It's the exact same as what you will get at any sushi restaurant, except it's mixed with their tasty mayo-based sauce and topped with crunchy noodles, served in a martini glass. Others point out that this food is readily available in bigger cities for half the cost. Well, that's a good point except that we are not in those cities and I seriously doubt those places are nearly as awesome inside or staffed by adorable, friendly ladies.The Okonomoyaki is an incredibly decadent hybrid of noodles and pancake. It sounds insane, but it's great, especially with seafood. I also really love the Ebi Chili, which comes with shrimp chips, which I am a total sucker for.Yeah, it's not sushi, and if you have horrible taste you should definitely avoid this place (hence, why it's location is incredibly tragic). But if you want a chic, pleasant environment to enjoy some Japanese "Tapas" and have a beer or some tea, this is the spot for you.
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2010,7/27/2010,53,126,,3,5>I've been to 2 dinners here, one was a private affair, the other was their mother's day dinner that I went to with my mom - it was a ton of fun and she really enjoyed it.  The food was wonderful both times and the staff is amazing.  I love the atmosphere.  I also like the fact that they have meals for sale that you can go by and get anytime they are open.  Since they expanded their space it's very roomy.  During the private dinner they had a class going on next door for beer brewing - my husband almost abandoned me to crash the class.  This is a great part of the old overland park revival - I highly recommend checking it out.  It makes a great gift, better than a gift certificate to a regular restaurant.  It's really a unique experience.  They give you the menu and the recipes and for the mother's day dinner, they went through how it was prepared, which was fun.  In fact I think I've just decided on what to get my mom for her birthday - yea, another dinner at the Culinary Center! I just checked out the website and they've added a ton of stuff including lunch on tuesdays - $12 for whatever they're cooking that day open to the public!
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2010,7/26/2010,89,150,,3,2>Oh Steven Holl HOW I ADORE YOU!I'm so lucky to live near this place, it's so beautiful serene, and inspiring. I wish they had a larger photo collection but I won't complain. Hanson's guard always seems to get me, and I love seeing the reactions of my friends when they encounter him. The floor in the contemporary department is stained walnut, and I've made it a goal to one day have it in my house, lol. Make sure to walk along the roof top garden before you leave.
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2010,7/25/2010,30,67,3,3,3>Cool new shopping destination next to the Czar Bar. Seems like mostly men's apparel, but also noticed accessories for women. The interior has a really modern and urban feel, something that downtown KC stores were lacking.The clothing selection is edited well and ranges from casual to business casual. Their clothes are displayed from long metal wires that extend from the ceiling and in front of local artwork. There wasn't an overwhelming amount of selection, but the stuff they had was fashion-forward and not something you usually find in Kansas City.Their informational post card mentions that the space can be rented out for events which might explain the more limited collection of clothing compared to the size of the store.The staff was helpful without being pushy and really seemed interested in helping me find the right fit and style that worked for me.
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2010,7/24/2010,28,76,5,10,8>A theater with a bar ? I'm there ! A theater with actual munchies besides the popcorn/candy crap ? Oh hell yeah!!  A theater with recliners ? I'm in heaven !  Can't say enough good things about this place.  Super hip bar/concession stand area. They have the coolest bathrooms I've ever seen !The last few times I've been there, I've noticed that there is always a drink special that coincides with the main feature. Pretty cool.Love this place. I'll be back.
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2010,7/23/2010,530,119,12,6,10>A wall of liquor.That's what greeted The Dame and I after we were greeted by the greeter who greeted us so graciously with "Two for Dinner...?""And then some..."So:  Wall of Liquor.  I wanted to climb up the dark-wood ladder and examine every bottle on their lit-up showcase.  I wanted to look down from high-above and shout across the marbled vaults of the room, "Drinks on the house...as long as they're bourbon!"Those fantasies faded to the background as the smells began to hit me...Hit isn't the right word.  Caress me was more like it....gently coaxing my attention in another direction like the flirtatious perfume of a delightful coquette across the room.  In this case, however, that fine young thing was steak, and my wolf-eyes were reserved for her....You don't walk though Pierpont's to your table: you Glide.  It's just that kind of place.  The antiquity of appointment made me feel as if I was seriously walking into the past, and it made me really, REALLY wish I had dressed in some of my vintage finery.  I was, however, in spirit, and if there were ghosts in this sumptuous, antique den within Union Station, then they welcomed us with open arms and raised glasses.It was my birthday, and this experience was a gift from The Dame (a vegetarian), who exclaimed, "It's your day, you deserve a steak!"  And I did, boy howdy.  When I had questions about the myriad ways said meat-slab could be handled (!), the waiter was patient and accommodating, and every description sounded even more amazing than the last.  I decided, in the end, to have my choice medium-rare, and let the beauty of it rest on it's own.  Although some of the preparation choices sounded incredible..."Wild Honey Manhattan, please" I said in my best Mad Men, and when it arrived, thick and amber (can a cocktail WEIGH more than it is?), I could tell it was the good stuff.  it was nursed all through the meal, from starter of crab and corn chowder (that I wish I could pour as gravy over EVERYTHING) to the creme-de-la-creme of Creme Brulee, it accompanied me, leaving my vicinity only to clink with the glass of The Dame.Just before leaving, I journeyed downstairs to where the washrooms are, and spent some time looking around what seemed like a private club of sorts, and oh how my imagination ran wild with the possibilities of having a dozen of my closest, best-dressed friends down there.  Can I live here?  Maybe I can hide here until they close....Alas, we had to leave, however, and on our way out, I tipped my hat to the Wall of Liquor as if to say, "It's been swell, we'll be back soon".  I hope it heard me, because I may be exploring it, intimately, the next chance I get....
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2010,7/22/2010,67,229,2,4,3>First off, I have to get this bad pun out of the way: When I first saw the name of this place I said it in my head as "eggstasy" instead of "eggcetera." Well, it's so good you will be in "eggstasy" if you eat here. Ok, done. I feel dirty now. On to the review. After eating here many times I've decided it's my favorite breakfast spot in KC. Great breakfasts at this place! We got here on a Saturday morning just before 10am. The place seemed very busy so I was expecting a wait, but we were seated right away. Yay! Our waitress was excellent. I was very satisfied with the service. The menu has a lot of tasty sounding items on it and you get a lot of choice. I love that they have multiple condiments on the table so you don't have to ask for them. This is a great idea and more restaurants should do this. I highly recommend trying the Marie Sharp habenero sauce. This stuff is delicious and not terribly hot. Gives your tongue a nice warm tingle. I love that they give you huge cups for your coffee. I didn't even need a refill throughout breakfast. My breakfast of eggs, applewood smoked bacon, fried potatoes and rye toast was great. It really hit the spot. But I got a taste of the chicken-fried steak with the mushroom gravy. The other reviewer who said that the gravy was AMAZING was not kidding. I could eat that stuff by itself. I don't think I've ever tasted better chicken-fried steak and it was because of the gravy. They need to sell that gravy by the jar!! I want it over biscuits and mashed potatoes and...whatever else you put gravy on. I'll let you use your imagination on that one! Great, now I feel dirty again.
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2010,7/21/2010,15,35,4,8,6>I can't believe there are no reviews for Kaleidoscope yet. Based on childhood memories alone I could probably write a novel. I still remember the wall of handprints (I think Bill Cosby's was up there, but it could be childhood delusion), needle table, and making God-awful creations out of melted crayons. Most sessions, I believe, are free. Don't just show up and tell them that I said you didn't have to pay though. Wouldn't you look silly if there was a fee!Unfortunately, Kaleidoscope is for kids only. Once you are an adult, you can't even get in unless accompanied by a youngster. Lucky for me, I got to go as a chaperone on a field trip recently. Also lucky for me, I got to man the "space" station. The kids came through and decorated shooting stars and little boxes with glow-in-the-dark markers and melted crayon. I totally thought that they would laugh at this idea, as it seemed like something younger kids would enjoy, but the upper elementary kids I was with ate it up! There is just something magical about things that glow-in-the-dark. Even I couldn't resist and ended up with a pretty awesome shooting star to take home and show my fiance. Maybe I will even put it on the fridge.Today we made journals in addition to all of the other activities. Even the reserved students were energetic and excited about the trip and left so happy to talk about their creations. If you have kids, I highly suggest taking them to Kaleidoscope. It is a great place for kids to unleash their creativity. If you don't have kids, find one (legally, of course). Borrow one from your sister or friend. You need to get to Kaleidoscope, and they are your only ticket in.
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/18/2010,7/20/2010,9,37,4,6,4>My wife is a vegetarian who loves brunch -- favourite meal of the day.  I'm a vegan who can appreciate her love, but few options are available in Kansas City.  Remember that when you read the rest of this as it colours everything.Succotash is delightfully funky.  While the last location might have scared your grandma a bit, this one is bright, beautiful and still kooky and fun.  Service is much better at this location than the last as well.  I've come for lunch and there some wrap that can be veganised and it's delicious.  All that aside we're here to talk about brunch.First, there's not much here on the menu for you vegans.  Some home fries, some fresh OJ, and some fruits are about all you got.  However if you ask, they'll make their ginormous pancakes vegan for you.  You have to ask, and it's not on the menu.  Why it's not on the menu I have no idea.  And that's my complaint really.Succotash has a clientèle that, even if it isn't vegan, has many friends that are.  The place has wheat grass on the menu for chrissakes.  What would be the harm of tossing the vegan pancakes on the menu, stocking a little bit of Earth Balance margarine, and maybe having tofu as a scrabble option instead of eggs only?  You're not just appeasing me, but rather when family is in town, or I'm brunching with friends and they ask (as they invariably do) "You're the picky one, you decide." I can easily chime in that Succotash is good for me and good for them too.  Now, I shrug and say, "Wherever, No where is really good.  I'll just get some home fries at First Watch."So man up Succotash, and fulfil the promise of your hip little joint.
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2010,7/19/2010,25,61,,5,2>Last weekend we set out for the Plaza to have dinner. After circling the Plaza and considering all the usual suspects, we decided to head a bit further north and find something new. I whipped out my iPhone and the Yelp app and Potpie appeared with solid reviews. Just a few minutes later, we were already walking through the front door.This place is cute and cozy. It was a Friday night and they were packed. Unbeknownst to us, reservations are truly required on the weekend. However, we made due at the bar with one seat until another became available and decided to stick it out and eat at the bar. We saw many people turned away at the door who didn't have reservations. We had the strip steak with fries and green beans. Delish. We also had the pork chops with grilled smoked gouda polenta and pickled vegetables. The staff was friendly, especially the bartender. He made some great recommendations and didn't miss a beat. The steamed mussels sounded fantastic. The couple next to us each had a potpie and they looked absolutely fabulous. We'll be back to sample the rest of the menu soon -- and this time we'll make reservations.
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2010,7/18/2010,38,131,,4,3>I really enjoy the pizza at The Other Place. The dough is yeasty & delicious, the sauce is tangy & wonderful, the cheese is plentiful (bordering on too much), and the toppings are tasty.  This pizza is best enjoyed while as hot and fresh out of the oven as possible. I think this is partially due to the copious amounts of cheese that starts to set up after a while, but I am by no means saying it turns to shiat after 15 minutes so don't get me wrong.  I don't generally stray from the pizza, but I did once get the burrito special.  I found it far too bland for my tastes, but what can you expect from a pizza/pub.  Their sandwiches look really good, and a friend I've gone with several times almost always gets a sandwich and says they are awesome.  I will say there has been an occasion or two that I would call a miss on my order, but most of the time it is a hit right out of the park.Overall, I recommend trying The Other Place when you're in the mood for a tasty pizza pie (or something else. Hell, check the menu)
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2010,7/17/2010,81,208,,6,2>We have anticipated the opening of Mary's for some time, my wife is from San Diego and she had frequented the Mary's in her old neighborhood.  This one is a block from us, so it is highly convenient.The decor is what I would call retro-chic, a kind of modern, urban, 50's diner? Certainly not your normal 'Red Robin' like junk on the walls. The music was fantastic, maybe a bit loud for lunch (both times we have gone, two days in a row) but real nice techno (mostly top-40 dance mixes, some are funny, some are serious). Now the service was fantastic both times I have gone, very attentive, very good. They did switch our fries (she had normal fries and I had the sweat potato fries) but thats a small thing overall.The food is fantastic, we have eaten different things each time, wings, tuna melt, meat loaf, all delicious and worthy of a second or third try.Overall we are delighted at the new addition to the neighborhood.Welcome Mary's!
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2009,7/16/2010,20,174,2,4,4>Located at the top of the hill in downtown Parkville, the location up the stairs at the end of main street is perfect. You know this place is quaint when your address is 112 1/2 Main Street. I headed here on a Friday night for a work Christmas dinner. I entered and was greated by Guillaume, the wonderful front of the house, does all, says all man. This man makes the restaurant! We opened with a goblet, or 3, of Gosset champagne and Grand Marnier garnished with a strawberry. Delightful opening to cleanse the palate for a night of eating.The menu was a set 5-course served with white and red from the homeland. cours un: French Onion Soup. Guillaume pointed out that in France, this is simply called Onion Soup, ha. Anyways, served with a nice warm loaf of bread, this soup was excellent. Perfect with gruyere melted on the top. cours deux: Salad of duck gizzard conift avec pommes de terre sautéed. My favorite of the night! The gizzards with succulent and ohh so tender. Even the women who cringed when the menu was presented cleaned the plates. Most beautiful presentation as well. This item is offered on the normal menu, and is a must order.cours trois: Bouillabaisse. A traditional dish from the south of France. This is a midwest Bouillabaisse as it contains shellfish, good nonetheless. I would have preferred stronger flavors here with some more texture. This was a very mild dish served with mussels, turbot, tomato, aspargus, and some tasty crostini. cours quatre: Beef Bourguignon. Beef marinated in red wine for 24 hours and slow braised for another four. This comes served a nice creuset with scalloped potatoes and onions. The very most tender beef you could expect and packs a new level of hearty-ness. I really enjoyed this dish with a glass of the red, Chateau Bolchet. cours cinq: Bavarois Flambee. Are you fucking kidding me? I don't know what this dessert is and barely know how to pronounce but I don't care. This came out of the kitchen as a huge cake, which Guillaume flambeed in rum and then cut and served. The best part, second helpings! This is best dessert I have ever tasted in my life. If you ever find yourself in France or any location with this dessert available, you have to order it!  This is one of the finest restaurants I have eaten at in Kansas City, you will not find many more authentic restaurants that exist. This is a must go for anyone who knows French food or wants a great evening.
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2010,7/15/2010,48,99,,6,5>Never would have expected to eat at a Vegan place, let alone like it a lot, but my girlfriend has truly expanded my food horizons and that made me want to check this place out. Just down the street from Blue Bird Bistro/Westside Local, FüD is a casual little place that lets you walk right up to a counter to order your food, with the kitchen fully visible just behind the counter. There were five or six (I think) lunch options on the menu today, and Heidi (the owner, I think) said the menu will get larger as soon as they get two new refrigerators in; they're working with only one right now and it's tough to keep food fresh without more cool storage space.I had the Jackphish Chalupa, which has seasoned green jack fruit and cashew chedder folded and fried in a tortilla, with some fresh slices of fruits or vegetables on the side in cashew sour cream. It was delicous, and I didn't miss meat at all, even though I'm most certainly a carnivore. The texture of the whole thing was fabulous. My friend had the Wild Chalupa, which has wild rice "meat" and cashew chedder folded and fried in a tortilla, with some fresh slices of fruits or vegetables on the side in cashew sour cream.  She loved it as well.The price was quite reasonable - $6 each, though it would have been nice to have a side with it as well. Heidi was extremely friendly, asking how we'd heard about it and welcoming us in, which was great. I'll happily go try it again and support a great local business like this one.
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2010,7/14/2010,159,346,4,7,5>Yummy, yummy, yummy to my tummy, tummy, tummy.Seriously though, I was stoked not only to have a day off from work but to be able to lunch here.  Their hours are 11-3 Monday - Saturday.  I never remember to stop by here on Saturday.We had the Combo plate so I could get a little of everything.  The plate includes ribs, chicken, beef, ham with a side.  The ribs had a great crust on them and were tender but not fatty.  The beef was juicy with lots of flavor.  I am not a chicken fan but this drumette was amazingly spiced and juicy.  The ham was like the ham we had on Easter at my Grandmothers.  It was thick sliced, juicy and full of flavor.  Now the beans.  Good lord these are some of the best beans I have ever had.  They aren't sweet and brown sugary which is what I usually like but spicy with jalapeno and baked into gooey awesomeness.  The sauce is different too.  It seems to have a cumin base?  Whatever it is the sauce is perfect with the meats.This place was worth the wait.
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2010,7/13/2010,28,47,3,6,7>OMG! You might as well just roll me out of this place in a wheel barrel.  It's like I'm in Miyazaki's "Spirited Away" where the parents turn into pigs...that's what I want to happen to me when I enter this place.  Just want to make sure when I leave, I can return to my normal healthy looking self.  This is by far the best bread in many, many miles.  And I don't mean the best bread of one type, but all types; bread for desserts, or making desserts, (the orchard makes a rockin' french toast.  Also try the cranberry almond around the holidays...scrum ssssshisssssh ...can you hear me singing that...scrump!!!!!), bread to eat, just to eat bread (the cheese slipper) or bread to serve with a meal (anything else on the shelf).  One yelper noted the high price, but I dissent.  At Fervere, you get what you pay for and I readily pay for quality.  When you pay $2.00 on sale you get Wonderbread.  When you pay $7-$8 for a piece of heaven you get Fervere.  * Beware of hours.* Call to place your order if you want to guarantee your order* No plastico taken at this cottage.  Cash or paper only.
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2010,7/12/2010,92,76,6,9,7>I am not hipster enough to hang out at a lot of places in town. I don't drink enough to spend $15 on a drink in P&L. I'm not sportsy enough to care about a sports bar. Sometimes I just want to hang out in an honest-to-goodness bar with my friends and listen to a good band and/or eat some good bar food that doesn't cost me an arm and a leg. Three cheers for The Brick.Specials: The Brick has taco Tuesdays and pizza/pitcher Thursdays, Brickfast on Saturdays (which I haven't had yet, but have heard great things). All good deals. Rural Grit Happy Hour Monday, which is fun if you're interested in old-timey country/folk/bluegrass stuff. Trivia night with Roland on Fridays, which I haven't been to, but since he was my high school English teacher (and one of the only teachers that was worth anything there), it's probably entertaining and I don't know why I haven't gotten up there yet.Bands/staff: You're more than likely going to find a good local band there sometime during the week. Being in one myself, I've had mostly good experiences with the staff (which doesn't happen at all the venues around KC... plenty of people who act like they're in New York or LA). Sheri (the owner) is pretty friendly and down to earth. The Brick's a small venue, and sometimes the sound mix is a little rough compared to other bigger joints. But it's usually fine and what you expect, and the cover charges are generally reasonable.Food/drink: I don't really drink, but my classy friends go to The Brick for their cheap, allegedly tasty PBR. I can't talk much about that, but I can talk about the food, which is still bar food but yes, good bar food. The place serves up some of the best sweet potato fries I've had in KC. Also, good hummus and a spicy (but not really) meatloaf sandwich. If you're more adventurous you can try a fluffernutter (even with bacon!) or a deep-fried Twinkie. I haven't, but you enjoy that.
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2010,7/11/2010,151,400,3,8,2>Having never boarded our previous pet, we found ourselves in the need of a boarder/kennel late last fall due to a family emergency. I called Sydney's, and talked to them, as well as a number of other kennels/vets.  The ONLY one I felt good about leaving our new pet with was Sydney's.  They were caring and understanding about my nervousness. We had just adopted our sweet puppy from Animal Haven 2 weeks or so previous and didn't want to traumatize her anymore.  There are many options on how much you want your pet spoiled while you are gone. I think she enjoys her visits there more than she would in a crate most of the day/night at many vets offices.Upon arriving, they showed me around, and I felt very satisfied about leaving our pet there.  Even though it is probably the boarder the most far away from our house, the prices are VERY reasonable for both daily or overnight boarding.  Our beagle LOVES to go there during the day when we are out of town, or over a weekend.  She is happy and tired when she comes home.  The word 'spa' sounds way too JoCo for me, but they do treat your pet like royalty. Plus, they have regular specials and discounted 'day care' on occasion. Check them out!Four paws up for this business!
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/31/2010,7/10/2010,146,38,5,6,4>After much deliberation about where to sit (we had the whole place to ourselves), we went with a street-side outdoor table. A great choice. The echo-y, climate controlled, sparkling clean dining room just didn't seem appropriate for our Cajun affair. True, the streets at Town Center are about clean enough to eat off of - certainly not the endearingly grungy southern bayou setup you find at Jazz and most other Cajun-themed joints - but the slight humidity and fresh air helped. So did the food.The menu was quite small, but contained just enough of the classics to please those of us who knew what we had come for.  As we pondered what to order, I hailed a spicy martini (Cajun-tini?), made simply with Absolut Peppar and vermouth, garnished with an ingenious skewer of two green olives stuffed with pickled jalapenos. I enjoyed it so much, I look forward to purchasing the ingredients needed to make my own and consuming them the rest of the summer. Elizabeth got some nutty concoction containing every kind of juice Dole makes and a spritz of some type of booze. I skeptically tried a bit and found it to be just as I had expected - spiked fruit punch. No thanks. (But undoubtedly refreshing.)For dinner we settled on splitting several things, ordering up the crawfish boil, crawfish etouffee and "green" redfish. We each added a $3 cup of gumbo, too, as a starter, which was brought to the table accompanied by four mini baguettes, perfect for mopping up sauces the rest of the night. The gumbo was the shining star of the evening... hot, moderately spicy, and rich but not too thick. There was rice included in the bowl but not too much, which allows the soup's flavors to shine and speaks to the chef's opinion of his dish. As I picture my return to Cafe Roux, I debate whether I might go for a bowl, a side of grits, and just mop it all up with the delicious french bread. A more delicious and affordable dinner would be hard to come by anywhere.The crawfish boil was as should be expected. Simply boiled four to five inch long crawfish came in a big bowl with some large, skin-on boiled potatoes and half cobs of corn, all swimming in a murky natural jus.The flavors were all there. This was the classic crawfish boil, lacking nothing. It may have been slightly more enjoyable served by some guy named Boudreaux out of a smoldering pot behind his withered swamp shed in the hazy heat of a N'awlins night, but that's about the only improvement I can think of. Salty juice went streaming down my hands and writs each time I cracked another open from the bountiful portion we were served, and I enjoyed slurping and sucking at the shells in attempts to extract as much flavor as possible from the meaty tail and juicy head. A key to the potatoes: I made sure to split mine open in the broth, like a matzoh ball, so they'd soak up as much moisture and flavor as possible. The corn, too, benefited from the naturally briny cooking liquid, needing no extra salt or butter.The etouffee was slightly fancier than those I've had before. It was apparently heavy on the tomatoes - bright red in color and containing a noticeable tang from the acidity. The texture of the etouffee, too, was fancy, in a delightful way. Etouffees I've had before have all been somewhat thick and creamy from the richness of the butter-laden roux. This one was a little chunkier - less congealed - and its celery, peppers and onion still had a little bite to them, which was nice. The texture was a plus in this version of one of my favorites in the genre. The crawfish content in the dish was plentify, too, which was a huge plus. Often, the crawfish in an etoufee can be impossible to locate. Cafe Roux clearly takes pride in their generous allotment.The "green" redfish, perhaps, would have been better had I not eaten it last. I think that during the time I spent dismantling crawfish from the boil, it lost its delicacy. The hearty fish seemed a tad overcooked - pretty dang solid and hard to cut with a fork's edge. And the bed of rice sweetened naturally with the corn's cream had lost its temperature in the breezy evening air, seeming more like a leftover dish straight out of the fridge than a nice seafood accompaniment. I could easily tell, though, that had this been my entree of choice, it would have been perfectly satisfying eaten piping hot, straight out of the kitchen. The ample sweet corn kernel salad mounded on top of the meat added a pleasant juiciness and complimentary sweetness to the dish, bringing all the flavors together. I'd guess that the vast majority of patrons who order the "green" redfish would be perfectly happy with it.  In the end, we loaded up on some tasty classics that satisfied a hunger in my belly not satiated since our trip to New Orleans almost a year ago. In summary: Cafe Roux was Johnson-County-does-Cajun, and pretty good at that. I'd certainly recommend it and I look forward to going back and sampling the menu further.
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2010,7/9/2010,130,37,6,6,4>The mere mention of Gojo makes my knees weak. What makes it even better is the set-up, which puts patrons around a Japanese grill to watch as each course is prepared. And if you're feeling especially daring, test your coordination during the shrimp toss, when the chef will attempt to flip a freshly grilled shrimp into your mouth. I'm pretty sure my record is 0-10.Dinner will set you back between $15-20/person (without drinks), but the prices are well worth the amount of food you get, including onion soup, a salad with a tangy, well-spiced ginger dressing; grilled shrimp; and rice. Ohhhhhh, the rice. Ask for both the spinach and hollandaise sauces as a topper, which instantly turn a bowl of fluffy white rice into a decadent, flavorful experience that I crave on a weekly basis. If your stomach can muster the space, the entree is served next. I never stray from the grilled steak and shrimp combo, but I've heard nothing but good things about other entrees, including the chicken teriyaki. Afterwards, soothe your palate with a refreshing bowl of fruit-flavored sherbet.Excellent food, exciting presentation and authentic decor, complete with low lighting, dark wood and partitioned rooms, make Gojo an all-encompassing dining experience. On the practical side, make sure you call ahead for a reservation, especially Friday and Saturday evenings, which are usually packed and you'll have little to no chance of securing a walk-in table. If your party is small, you may be seated with another party at the 12-person grill, but take it as an opportunity to make new friends. Besides--everyone will be so busy eating, conversation is at a minimum. That's when you know you've made the right restaurant pick.
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2010,7/8/2010,19,21,3,6,4>Ambience ... 5 stars. Easily. After a work happy hour upstairs, that employed your standard buffet fair, I wasn't totally excited to try this for an actual meal. (The bf had a slider that was still moo'ing. Granted, I place half the blame on him for finishing said slider even after noticing its undercooked state, but still... it wasn't pretty that night.)But I was absolutely pleasantly surprised by my meal. We started off with the portobella fries. Oh my amazing! The breading was light enough not to mask the deliciousness of the mushrooms, but added a great crunch and flavor. They are served with a "come back" sauce. It stays true to its word, I'm totally coming back for it. I wish I would have slowed myself down to allow my palette to detect the flavors, but it was so tasty I couldn't stop. The sauce was red ... that's all I can tell you.For some reason, I was in a burger mood. I don't get in those often, so I decided to oblige the craving. While I was seconds away from ordering the bleu cheese-stuffed burger, I changed my mind at the last moment. I didn't want to be disappointed ... Blanc's Inside Out is such a thing of greatness! So I went with the mushroom burger.When it came, and I tried it, I was underwhelmed. But about halfway into it, I decided it was delicious. And the deciding factor? The bun! Oh, the bun. I finally asked the waitress what kind it was - salt and pepper egg roll. And they get all of their breads locally at a place in Waldo called Farm to Market. Major brownie points, there. The fries were also delicious, FYI.Both times I've visited Jack Gage, I've been impressed with the service. At the Happy Hour, waiters were constantly refreshing beverages ... which I found abnormal (in a good way) considering there were 100 people mingling about. Our waitress on the second visit was friendly, knowledgeable and had just the right amount of attentiveness. Not overwhelming, not absent.I'll definitely come back. It's so nice to have so many options on this Main Street strip.
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2010,7/7/2010,72,56,,3,3>The quality, service, and originality of the Blue Bird is always top notch.  Though this restaurant has been atop 17th & Summit for a decade, I haven't reviewed it before because they shifted from vegetarian to a very meat-heavy menu.  Their local meat and cheese offerings are wonderful, but I fell in love with it as a vegetarian cafe that grew its own herbs and greens.The menus change with the seasons, so you are likely to see new offerings with each visit.  I am happy to say there are now as many delicious vegetarian and vegan entrees on their menus as there were in their vegetarian diner days.Regardless of your dietary preferences, if you are looking for a delicious meal crafted from sustainably produced, fresh, and local ingredients, you will love the Blue Bird.
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2010,7/6/2010,115,89,10,10,6>Maybe it's the Rostiger Nagel talking, but this is easily my favorite Viennese restaurant in the greater KC metro. And that's saying something. The Weathered Schnitzel on 135th and Holmes, the Haus of Hunchen on 18th and Cleveland.... Nothing holds a candle to the Grunauer. Look, I took 3 years of high school German, so I know a thing or two about the culture. Unfortunately, I didn't have a chance to exercise my abilities. Although Grunauer himself was on hand, I didn't have the chance to converse. What might I have said, you ask? Well, for starters, I could have told him 'That is my favorite food.' I could have told him 'I'll have the red cabbage' or asked him the eternally burning query: 'milk, or cola?' (the red cabbage, by the way, was AMAZING. Lightly spiced- cinnamon?- it had just the right crisp to offset the creaminess of the potatoes.  I coupled the 'rot kohlen' and potatoes (how do I not know that in German? I know all of the colors, for fuck's sake) with two sausages, the Bratwurst (veal and pork) and the Berliner (German curry wurst) served with two dipping sauces, a vicious horseradish and a homemade cracked-pepper mustard. Two words. UH-MAZING.I rounded out the meal with a cocktail my fiancee ordered but was too pussy to drink (the aforementioned Rostiger Nagel) that tasted like a glass of bourbon infused with a pinch of honey and an orange peel (awesome but strong) and some German beers.Geez. What else can you say? SO good.It is a bit pricey, though. For two meals, 4 drinks and a dessert, you're looking at $70 before tip. If you're a retarded tipper like I am (our server WAS really good though-- quick with the recommendations but ready to admit he's still learning) you're looking at $100. You can cut down on the bill though, by not allowing your fiancee to order crazy German cocktails she'll never drink. I'll be back for sure. Probably more than a few times. I didn't even get into the 'schnitzel' territory, and that's somewhere I like to be.
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2010,7/5/2010,10,139,2,4,2>This is a great animal clinic located in the Brookside area of Kansas City. I've been here three times with our cat, and had one emergency call. We've seen two vets here; both explained the resolves and other options to our issues in a very detailed manner, even going to the point of emailing us the next day about different food options.  The staff is also very attentive and offers assistance as well.  The only issue we have had is during the second visit the cat was kept for the day to see if she would pee due to an infection. She did not, so when we came to pick her up and the kit to do it at home, she peed all over herself as the vet tech was taking her out of the cage. They sent us home with the cat covered with pee.   At first we were mad but then we realized that the cat gets revenge by peeing due to the results of the test. Also, they did not charge us for the stay or the test kit.  But still it was a bit irksome to have to clean a cat covered with pee. The prices here are pretty low compared to other vets, and is a pretty note worthy vet.
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/1/2010,7/4/2010,106,152,4,7,1>Today my friend visiting from DC told me about this little mexican restaurant in KCK that she saw on travel advisor and wanted me to try it. I have a weakness for latin foods too so this decision was easy.This place is a little hole in the wall family restaurant. They served fresh hot flour tortillas with parkay and I even think grandma brought them to me. The dad was in the kitchen cooking it up and his kids were our servers. The menu was the cheapest I have seen in a long time. It was kind of unreal. I ordered a chicken burrito covered in cheese. It was delicious and I smothered it in this salsa they had on the table that was pretty spicy! There was only one major downfall for me.. everything that they served was served on or in styrofoam and the utensils were plastic. Boo. Kinda hurt my eco-friendly heart a little. Oh and they also had a kids menu and all the kids food was $3.I would definitely go back, maybe I will bring my own plate next time.
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2010,7/3/2010,247,223,,4,4>What happened to KC's "Little Italy"?  Most large, old, industrialized cities in the Northeast and Midwest have a "Little Italy" ethnic area with many Italian restaurants varying from casual to upscale.  While Chinatowns are mostly limited to the two coasts, that is not the case for Little Italy areas.  For example, St. Louis's "Hill" is famous, as is Chicago's Taylor St.  In the Northeastern US, there are many Little Italy areas, such as Boston's North End and Providence's Federal Hill.  Historically the ethnic Italian neighborhood of KC was the area east of downtown in the Columbus Park "North End" area.  At present, the only serious Italian restaurant in that area is the original Garozzo's Restaurante. It is not unusual for old time Little Italy areas to have dispersed, such as the famous one in Manhattan, NY, now largely absorbed into Chinatown.  But cities having a Little Italy, or having had one, usually have many Italian restaurants throughout the city, both casual ones not accepting reservations and upscale restaurants.  In St. Louis's Hill area, the wait for a table in some of the casual restaurants that  accept no reservation can be as long as two hours.  At the most famous restaurants on the Hill, reservations far in advance are necessary; and even with a reservation, there sometimes is a long wait --- unless you tip the maitre d.Jasper's and Garozzo's could fit comfortably into the Little Italy mold, although Jasper's is located far from Columbus Park.  While neither is a match for St. Louis's famous Tony's (not on the Hill) or the most famous restaurants on the Hill, Jasper's and Garozzo's style leans more towards upscale Italian dining than towards the informal restaurants accepting no reservations.  In fact, it is difficult to think of many Italian restaurants in KC that would fit well into the latter mold on the Hill --- but Osteria Il Centro would.  For that reason, this restaurant makes a real contribution to KC's dining scene.The restaurant's web site says the restaurant's concept "originated from small, local restaurants scattered throughout the Mediterranean."  Well, maybe the concept, but otherwise somewhat of a stretch.  Casual restaurants along the Mediterranean have very fresh, locally caught sea food.  Il Centro has orange roughy, scallops, shrimp, and salmon.  I've tried the orange roughy, shrimp, and scallops.  The shrimp and scallops are average Midwestern quality (not a compliment).  No restaurant on the Mediterranean would serve orange roughy.  It comes only from New Zealand, is frozen before being transported, and is known to be subject to chemical contaminants.  I have not yet tried the salmon, but since it is Atlantic salmon, it almost surely is farm raised.In addition to contributing an Italian restaurant style that is in scarce supply in KC, Il Centro has other merits.  The happy hour choices from 4 - 6 pm are good ones.  For example, all appetizers are half price during happy hours on every day.  There are additional happy hour specials for each day.  For example, on Wednesdays every wine bottle is $10 off, and on Thursdays you can choose any one appetizer for free, if you buy any bottle of wine.  You will have no difficulty finding a bottle of wine you would like on this restaurant's terrific wine list, among the best in the city.  Also some of the choices on the menu are innovative, including the shrimp carciofi appetizer, which is a winner, as is the optional whole wheat pasta.  The restaurant does not accept reservations, but begins serving dinner at 4 pm.  If you arrive early, you can choose any table in the dining room.The owner also owns Minsky's Pizza (groan) next door.  If Il Centro were in a city like St. Louis with many very good casual Italian restaurants, I'd give Il Centro three stars out of five.  But in KC, where this style of Italian restaurant is in oddly scarce supply --- four stars.
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2010,7/2/2010,0,64,10,8,6>When some friends told me that wanted to go get snow cones my inner food snob scoffed.  And as so many times before I had to eat my words.  Which was a lot easier while knocking back flavors like Blackberry Lavender, Ginger Rose, and Watermelon Basil.  The product lives up to the name.  All fresh organic ingredients make for  a VERY yummy treat.  Owner Lindsey is almost as delectable as the snow cones, but she keeps shooting down my proposals to run off together.  Citing something about having standards... and a boyfriend.  So I am settling for lusting after the yummy treats.  And as consolation prizes go that is not bad at all.
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2010,7/1/2010,76,384,2,7,5>Just updating to mention that Zoo Bar's new* back room is now open... sorta.   As of this writing you still can't take drinks back there just yet, but you can leave then within sight on a table on the yellow side of the bar as you go back to shoot pool.   (Though Missouri has some of the most liberal liquor laws in the nation, you have to go through a lot of hoops and the license to allow drinking on the north side of the bar is still being processed.)At the moment the new room just has the pool table and a small karaoke stage.   Additional plans include a dart board, maybe a shuffleboard, and maybe another arcade game.*The new room is a partial re-creation of the back room Zoo used to have about 20 years ago.  This new room is a little smaller than the original.
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2010,6/30/2010,195,325,3,9,5>Good company and good food!  Once again, I had a  a 5 star experience here.  I got the Tamarind Chicken and my friend and I split the Native Soup (Gang Jued).  The soup (bowl sized) was big enough for a meal but they gave us single serving cups so we could treat it as an appetizer.  I was almost too full to eat the Tamarind Chicken--almost.  The flavor of the soup was amazing and it had those thin, see through, bean thread noodles, bok choy and mushrooms... oh so good!  Highly recommend sharing with everyone.  If you have three or more people at the table go for the pot.  I haven't seen the pot but I'm going to say it's sharing size.  Bowl is perfect for two people though.  They gave us a chicken or pork option.  We chose chicken.I asked about the Tamarind Chicken, having never had it.  She described it as being like sweet and sour chicken.  I don't particularly care for sweet and sour chicken but I was pretty pumped from the Thai Tea that I was slamming and ordered it anyway.  Also, we were taking forever looking at  the menu and I felt that my time was up.  Brandon and I were on a mission to order something we had never tried before and this was it.We both ordered medium spice... never go mild in a Thai Place.. I've learned this.  He got the duck special.  The Tamarind was really sweet (as discussed prior to my order).  I could only eat a little bit, I was really  full.  The next day, after the rice soaked up the sauce, it was delightful.I think the Siam Chicken is my favorite main dish (excluding soup) to date.  I'll be trying new stuff in the future though.  Stay tuned.
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2010,6/29/2010,123,113,2,5,3>Adore it.  Love it forever.  I want it to be my S.O. but it is being coy!  I learned about Penzey's from a BBS I was on based in Iowa.  It is a spice store that is based in Wisconsin.  And it is a delight!  i was visiting a friend of mine here in KC prior to moving and we were driving around downtown Overland Park and what should appear before my wondering eyes?  No, not a jolly fat man with 8 tiny reindeer but PENZEY'S!!!  Luckily we were still in the honeymoon stage of our friendship so he didn't mock me but I was overjoyed, making him sniff every jar I waved under his nose.  I go there often even now that I live here to pick up this and that and even use their recipes now and then.  The staff is super, the catalogs are lovely, and I love that I can sniff every spice, herb and blend to my little hearts content.  I love this place - have I mentioned that?  They have a shop in Portland which excites me to no end.  On my last visit I went and picked up 4 small jars of blends for 2 of my girlfriends to spread the word.  Love it.okaybye.
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2010,6/26/2010,45,184,2,3,2>I'm happy that a place like Elements of Green exists in our little crossroads community. There is a vast amount of eco friendly products here- from eco friendly flooring to recycled glass tiles,etc. Unfortunately, we don't own our own place yet but hope to one day take advantage of all the products this place has to offer. Thankfully, there are a few household items along with the wonderful FLOR carpet tiles(love these) for my fellow lease holders who want to still make concious decisions in our homes.It's worth stopping by on First Friday, check out the things you never knew existed..It makes me want to give up my easy loft living for an older home that I can rehab....Well...almost.
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2010,6/25/2010,30,103,,6,3>Shhh! This place tries to fly under the radar. Seriously. It is not on Armour, but around a corner that looks like nothing much.  The address is confusing...the website lists one and google lists another. The proprietor told me "It doesn't matter, people can find us."I've been there a few times and the place is always packed. It is a very small joint. Lots of friendly people, lots of beer and lot's of live solid blues and jazz music. On Saturdays the music starts around 3pm. They have a limited menu...just a couple homemade stews or chili's that hit the spot with a cold beer and blues. The owners are always behind the bar and amongst the crowd. A cool place that is hidden. Seek and you shall receive.
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2010,6/24/2010,36,58,4,3,1>CHEEESSSSEE!!!  I love cheese, as most red-blooded Americans I know do.  I don't understand how they churn up and age milk to get the deliciousness that is cheese, but I'm so glad they do.  And The Better Cheddar knows what's up with cheese.  I love that they have samples of pretty much half their cheeses at all times, but they'll let you taste anything if you ask!  They also cut the amount of cheese you want to order, so if you can't eat $20 worth of cheese before it goes bad, you an cut it down to $5!  They also have great dips, sauces, wines, crackers, and little gourmet foodie foods that are a bit pricey but worth it for a special occasion or house-warming gift.
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2010,6/22/2010,54,79,3,6,4>So I guess I should prefact this by saying that I'm from the coasts and never before have had anything that would be labeled proper soul food.  That being said, I do know great food when I have it and this place is great.  Went here for lunch today with a group of my coworkers, and we ended up getting a mix of the smoked turkey, smoked ham, and asian catfish all with a bunch of sides.  To be fair to Michael B., the potatoes are a tad bit greasy, but oh so delicious.  Never have had smoked potatoes before and these are amazing.  The catfish was perfectly breaded and fried and the interior was moist and succulent.  The mac and cheese was everything I dream southern style mac and cheese should taste like, cornbread is moist, richly flavored and perfectly textured and the prices cannot be beat.  You can get out of there for under $10 and be ready to loosen your belt a few notches.If I had to give them any knock is that while our server was helpful and got us our food quickly and accurately, it did take a while to pay and get out of there.  However, while we were waiting to leave they came by and allowed us to try a "sample" of jamaican chicken which was incredibly juicy with a great kick of heat and spices at the end (I put sample in quotes cuz the sample portions ranged from one to two bites to half of a chicken leg).I am incredibly excited to have found a great place (that also does take out) where I can get some rib sticking delicious sould food when the time is right.  If you want a good meal and enjoy eating in real community locations, this is the place for you.
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2010,6/20/2010,58,134,5,8,3>I was skeptical going into our trip to BRGR.  I've pretty much stopped getting burgers anywhere but Blanc because it is futile to top what they offer.  After waiting an additional 20 minutes over the 20-minute wait they told me, we finally got seated and ignored by our waiter for about 10 minutes.  Our visit got exponentially better from there.We finally got drinks.  Our waiter wasn't sure if the canned beer I wanted was in, so he had me give a backup option.  Not getting the beer I wanted isn't desired, but getting my drink faster was way better than him having to come back.  I like how they serve the beers in the can, gives it a relaxed feel, and it gives you a varying selection than you can get at a lot of places around town.The wife and I combed the menu of great sounding burgers.  I really wanted to get at the Jucy Lucy, but it's something I usually only enjoy on my birthday.  I decided to go with the Tex-Az as a trial to see if it's worth coming back for a Jucy.  Since we had a salty 2-year old with us who had been waiting to eat for nearly an hour, our waiter scored major points by bringing out a plate of drink garnishes for her to destroy.  I loved watching her face as she went from eating a cherry to eating a cherry tomato that she thought was a cherry.Our food came out.  My burger was a delicious looking mess of queso, jalapenos and blue corn chips.  The burger was cooked to absolute, medium perfection.  The sweet potato fries were meh, but my wife said she liked them more than Blanc's.  I stole some onion straws off her burger and loved them.  Definitely getting the fry sampler next time.This place is on the verge of getting a fifth star on my next visit.  The inside looks great, and they have a decent patio.  I can't wait to go back and tear through as many menu items as possible.  I might skip a meal for my next visit so I can do a dog and a burger...or I could just do the bratwurst burger.  Definitely worth a visit for burger lovers.
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2010,6/19/2010,39,64,4,5,6>I have this friend who is always craving ice cream. However, he says, "I want ice cream" as much as he says, "I feel fat". While not a dessert-person myself, I decided to indulge him and suggest we get frozen yogurt. So we headed to Mochi-yo on a hot summer evening to impulse eat. I was surprised at how many people were getting frozen yogurt on a Monday night, but it was just the right amount of people in the cozy shop... where it feels sublimely pleasant seeing friends or family spooning fro-yo and enjoying a moment.On to the frozen yogurt. Let's be real. You can have 804 frozen yogurt flavors, and while all slightly different, they all kind of taste like frozen yogurt. The four flavors (all of which they so graciously let me sample) were good, but my friend and I decided four flavors was more than enough to choose from because the original flavor was the best. So he ordered a medium (and was happily surprised by its large size) and loaded his with classic chewy yummy mochi. I got the small which was the perfect size for this non-sweet-tooth and got red raspberries and granola (see picture). My friend finished his off quickly in that addict-sort of way, while I leisurely enjoyed mine fearing I'd be overwhelmed by sugar. But no! I had about three bites left when I hit that perfect spot where it's a little melted and the perfect yogurt-fruit-crunch ratio struck. It set the mood for us to just walk around the rest of the night doing whatever, enjoying whatever.. Mochi-yo is what a summer night tastes like. (And hey, it's easy on the hips...they even put the calorie count on the wall for you to check out... so you can order more and not feel guilty. There is a reason Sheridan's doesn't have their nutrition facts up...)I'll even say as a city girl, it's worth the trip to the burbs. Will be back... tomorrow.
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,6/18/2010,74,1211,8,7,6>LC's is another fine KC BBQ dive.Nothing wrong with a dive... you go for the food and the friendly smiles... ambiance and the surroundings are not the topic.So my first LC review is for a combo plate of 2 slices meats and a long end of ribs.Let me start by saying the sauce they use was very tangy and delicious... and I am not a sauce guy.The ribs were on top, so I plowed through them like a ravenous lion on the plains of Africa. Nice. Not as tender or as warm as to be perfect. Not as smokey as to be the most tasty ribs I ever inhaled. But 3.5 stars is about right.The sliced meats below were beef and pork.Thinly shaved carnivorous crack. Moist. Smokey. MMMMmmmm. I paused three times on my plowing journey to the bottom of the Styrofoam take out box for a prayer and a breath. Those pauses did not work. I could not finish. And I can EAT. The combo plate is in fact a two-person-job. I left humbled and tonight I will eat 458 servings of vegetables.  : )Next time out I will try the burnt ends and some sides.
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2010,6/17/2010,189,280,6,8,3>I've been to Czar Bar twice this week (look, sunny weather puts me in the mood for happy hour.) (I lie, any type of weather puts me in the mood for happy hour.) and really have to question why I don't come here more often.Having been to Czar Bar a handful of times in the past at night, I know the place is a pretty fun venue to catch a band play or some crazy DJ spin.But their happy hour?  RID. IC. U. LOUS.  Every day is $3 Boulevard draws (Wheat and Pale Ale) and $3 3 Olive Vodka drinks.  Then, there are other deals assigned to every day including food and drink.  My roommate and I split "happy hour sized" (still huge enough to share) breaded mushrooms and cheese straws and reveled in some greasy, delicious, above-standard bar fare.  We had several cocktails, chatted with the bartender and had two of our rounds bought by some friendly stranger passing by WITHOUT him hitting on us (Score.)...I can't promise the same free drinks for you, but I CAN promise cheap prices.Tuesday is .75 cent tacos, which is full-sized tacos my friends.  Also, $3.50 import bottles.  I'm not quite sure how they get away with this, but um, you should probably take advantage of it.  Sit out on their tiny front patio and revel in a quieter part of downtown.I have a feeling I will have to visit every day a week this summer just to see what awesome deal is assigned to each day.  The things I do for you people...
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2010,6/16/2010,553,763,12,19,14>You know when you have to attend a painfully boring wedding and you are finally rewarded with a huge slice of moist, spongy wedding cake with layered filling and buttercream icing?  Now let's pretend you can have that heavenly reward minus obligatory dancing to "Mustang Sally".  Well, you can have rewards without the pain.  Just head on over to Sugar Mamma's, a family owned business in the Briarcliff shopping center, and order up a raspberry lemon cupcake.What an unexpected surprise.  I was walking to my car from the organic grocery with my bag of healthy items and was pulled into the bakery by an unseen force.  My healthy eating plan for the week went out the door as I checked out the so-so looking cookies and rounded the case to see some huge and gorgeous cupcake creations.  Red velvet, chocolate, lemon......oh!  I asked the owner about her recommendation and she said she loves the lemon and raspberry iced vanilla cupcake filled with raspberry puree and topped with a fresh raspberry.  Lemon and raspberry are two of my favorite flavors, so it is a win win.Although they serve ice tea and Roasterie coffee, I just got the cupcake to go so i could enjoy it later with a big old glass of milk.  I decided if it was bad, I would take one bite and pitch the rest.  Well, the plate sits here empty.  That concoction was perfect.  I say it was reminiscent of a wedding cake based on the moistness of the cake (the kind that sticks to the back of your fork) and the sophisticated approach of the puree and fresh fruit garnish.  Every bite heavenly.I can't comment on any other flavors, but I know i will be back for the red velvet.If there is any negative to my experience, it is in the packaging.  I would  recommend that Mamma's purchase some cupcake specific boxes like other bakeries in town.  The owner placed it in a white Styrofoam (ech) "to go" box and it was completely upside down and stuck to the bottom of the box when i got home.  Hence the not so pretty picture.  Cupcakes are usually top heavy and need support., like a big busted bridesmaid.
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2010,6/15/2010,57,268,5,9,6>Belly dancing?  Plate breaking?  Live music?  Delicious food?  Shenanigans? Count me in!This place was a BLAST!  A group of my friends and I went here to celebrate my birthday!  It was my second time ever at Tasso's and I had a great time on both occasions.To start off the evening we ordered the saganaki (flaming cheese), Tour of Greece appetizer sampler, and Greek wine.  The waitress lit the cheese table side and the flames nearly hit the ceiling!  Awesome!The belly dancer that performs at Tasso's has been there for years and also does shows at Caspian Bistro in OP.  I wish I could move like that!  After taking beginning belly dancing, I can barely even do a correct shimmy.For the entrees, my fiancee tried the vegetarian kabob and I ordered a Village Salad that contained huge blocks of feta cheese, tomatoes, cucumbers, sprinkles of parsley, and an olive oil, lemon juice, vinegar dressing.  Delicious!  My non-vegetarian friends enjoyed their entrees as well and they were all huge.  Before the waitress brought out our entrees, she gave us each a side salad.  After the appetizers and salad we were already quite full.  The waitress also insisted that I order a dessert since it was my birthday so I got the Greek custard.  She brought it out with a lit candle which was a cute touch and didn't charge us for the dessert.If you're celebrating a special day here and you're shy...well tough it out!  The emcee will call you on stage.  I joined the other people celebrating their birthdays on stage and got kissed on the cheek by the lone birthday boy based upon the emcee's orders.  When it was the girls' turn to kiss the boy, I politely declined and said I was engaged.  Turns out he was too and his fiancee was filming and scowling in the background.  LOL!Plates cost $3 each and they get people on stage to break them in unison.  Ah massive destruction.  What's not to love?  In addition to plates, they also go around selling roses and take photos of each couple in an effort to hawk these items to you.I just wish more people had been on stage dancing.  Toward the end of the night, I got tired of sitting and dragged my fiancee on the stage.  We had fun being the lone couple dancing and showcasing our newfound swing dancing skills thanks to our dance lessons in preparation for the wedding.   The lack of dancing soon changed when a group of girls hopped off from a party bus, swarmed the dance floor, and basically took over the whole restaurant.  What I assume to be the bachelorette even got up on a table and started dancing with the original owner.I highly recommend Tasso's for a fun, unique experience!  OOPA!
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2010,6/14/2010,108,140,8,8,4>This is a nice little park I drove by a thousand times before I had kids. It has a little pond with all kinds of ducks and geese and a little asphalt type bike/running trail. I first stopped by this park when I was riding my bike through the neighborhood. I did a couple of laps on the bike path which couldn't have taken more than 5 minutes which was kind of a dud. It's probably more enjoyable to walk it. But on my ride I noticed the little playground for the kids. The playground is perfect for a parent to bring multiple kids to and not worry about them running off. It has a 5 ft. wall on one side that snakes down on the other 2 sides so you can stand at one vantage point and see all the exit points. I have 3 kids 5 and under, they can do all the jungle gym equipment and slides by themselves so I can stake out my spot and make sure they don't run off or something. It's a much bigger task to keep an eye on all 3 of them and have to worry about them running off in a direction I can't see. This is the only park I've found  like that so it's perfect for us.The Canadian geese can be a little agressive, just like real Canadians. We never feed the ducks or geese because of the signs saying not to. I think that just pisses them off though, like not tipping a waitress or something. They seem to be saying "how's about something, you know, for the effort". Unfortunately I'm not the Dalai Lama and can't offer total awareness on the geese's death bed or, for that matter, make a piece of stale bread appear out of nowhere. I'm pretty sure the other patrons of the park ignore the signs imperiling all of those who try to obey nature.For those wishing to picnic, plenty of tables are around as well as plenty of space by the lake to lay down a blanket. I'll eat inside so I won't be bothering you.
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2010,6/13/2010,36,52,6,10,5>Totally a fan of the OUTDOOR PATIO at the Riot Room. Every other Tuesday 2 girls do a show called Wake Up in your Make Up. and every other Wednesday I do. They play mostly hip hop ranging from the 90's to now. Ton of fun. Drinks are well priced, fair, however since there is only the small bar outside sometimes it can be hard to get to. I really don't hang out inside, except to use the ladies. They always have bands inside but they are always SUPER loud (maybe hence the name Riot Room) . However, I do think it is strange that if you enter on the Main Street side they have a cover of between $5-7 that everyone has to pay but if you enter on the Pennsylvania side through the McCoys parking lot it's free for girls and $3 for guys, yet you could still go inside the Riot Room and go in between spaces. Kinda strange concept to me, but I don't own it so I will continue to enter on the free cover side. Also, when we inquired about it on the Main Street side the door guy had no clue what was going on on the outside. Thought if you worked somewhere you would know.. but whatever.. I will return to the outside patio!
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2010,6/12/2010,48,51,13,11,8>These ladies did two cakes for my mom's wedding, and I've had...er, more than a few of their cupcakes both before and since. (What? Why are you looking at me like that? I had to sample in order to be sure this review was accurate. I'm doing this for you, I promise.)The wedding cakes were lovely - one vanilla, one chocolate, both dense and flavorful, both delivered and set up as promised and on time. Baby cakes are just the right size for a snack, and cupcakes are big enough to split. Pink champagne and key lime-coconut are both can't-go-wrong flavors. The owners of this place are super-sweet (no pun intended) and were more than willing to talk through several ideas with mom to be sure she was getting exactly what she wanted.I have heard some complaints that the texture of the cake is too heavy - personally, I disagree, because I feel like a heftier cake is necessary to balance out the icing, both from a flavor and a structural standpoint. My only complaint is that they don't sell sweatpants, because if I eat many of their products I'm going to need them.
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2010,6/11/2010,222,511,6,10,4>Once in awhile I get a hankering for pizza. Good pizza. Preferably NY-style pizza. In my quest for the latter, I found out about the Art of Pizza - a pizzeria started by a guy from Brooklyn.So I went.The good:When I ordered, the slices came out oozy and hot, just the way it should be. The crust was a nice thin crust. None of that kooky corn meal on the bottom that the Greeks and Yugoslavians look to put on there. It wasn't a super thin crust but thin enough to be a true NYC-style pizza rather than Italian-style, so you get just a bit of that chewiness. The sauce was good. Flavorful with a mild sweetness to it. And the cheese was piled on top in greasy perfection. It was the perfect blend to just fold over and eat.The bad:The slices I got looked like they were cut from a smaller pie than I'm used to. Normally slices come from an 18" pie. These look like they came from a 16" or possibly 14" pie. While I could fold them over, it didn't look like there was much to fold over. Also, there was tax on the pizza slices. I know they're supposed to tax it but I'm so used to having the tax built into the cost of the slice. Maybe just a pizza pet peeve of mine. And why no oregano or garlic powder? Every proper pizza place needs to give customers the option of garlic powder and oregano. I don't think you even have the right to call yourself a NYC-style pizza place if you don't offer those as options.The ugly:Service. Try hiring someone that wasn't hit over the head with a stupid stick. I came in and immediately asked for two slices (I was starved!). The cashier then stands there. I'm looking over the menu because I was curious what else they have. When I look back at her, she then asks me what I want. Uhhh, didn't I just tell her? I said, "Yeah, two regular slices." To which she responds, "Anything on them"? No. How did she miss my order the first time when she acknowledged it (and I was the only one in the place)? Two slices = two regular plain slices. If you're not sure, verify it. Don't just stand around looking silly. She'd never survive a day in a real NYC pizza place.The verdict:Honestly, if this place was in NYC, it would just be an average place. It's a cute venue but you don't really go to a pizza place for the venue. I would go here if I were nearby but wouldn't go out of my way for it. But being that it's KC, I will surely be back.
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2009,6/10/2010,227,613,5,8,5>5 stars is for as good as it gets. And when it comes to El Pulgarcito, their pupusas are most definitely the best in all of the metro. Nobody comes even close. As DLC already pointed out, the restaurant is run by an El Salvadorian family. The locale as you may have also read is pretty run down and old, but the location is extremely safe. (It's Merriam for crying out loud) For those that are afraid to venture into KCK and Northeast KCMO for great Central American food, this is your rare treat. I quite honestly only come here for the pupusas. I don't order anything else due to being Latino myself and knowing how to cook whatever I want to eat myself. Pupusas however are about as picky in taste as tortillas. Many people try to make them and only few can master the craft. Be sure to try the pork & cheese pupusas or you can get a cheese/bean only pupusa. Also be sure to try the cabbage topping called "curtido" (Thanks Linh N!) . It is seasoned very well, and although it uses the same veggies as cole slaw, it taste NOTHING like it. Believe me as I am a staunch opponent of cole slaw and it's many disgusting and deceptive ways. The place is also open till 9, which is a rarity for restaurants that specialise in that type of central American food. Give this place a shot.
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2010,6/9/2010,2544,833,3,15,8>For the past 2 years, I must have walked past Tikka House five times a week, and until today i hadn't ever stopped in. This really isn't all that surprising, as there isn't much curb appeal to the place. Located in the City Market and nestled in between (relatively) flashier storefronts, Tikka House just seems to be hidden. I wish that I had discovered it earlier.The significant other and I were walking around looking for a place to grab a bite to eat, and were standing in front of Tikka House debating between Burrito Bros or Bo Lings. That's when i noticed the sign for the daily special, chicken kabob. We both agreed that it sounded like the best option and walked in. The place was empty...and i suspect they were actually about to close...but we were warmly welcomed by an employee. She was casual and seemed like one of those people who would be your best friend after just a few minutes together. Probably the best customer service i've experienced in a LONG time. Yay for her.To the food: I'm not a huge Indian food person, so I don't have a strong basis for comparison, but i thought it was tasty! From our conversation it sounds like this is a family owned business that makes most everything from scratch. They take a lot of pride in what they serve, and at the risk of sounding cheeseball as all hell, there was a lot of love in each dish. We both got the special, that came with the aforementioned kabobs,  pita bread, cucumber salad and something-that-i-can't-recall-the-name-of, and the bill was $13.00!!!! I scraped my plate, that's for sure. Obviously this isn't a fancy restaurant, but i think for what it is trying to be, they're succeeding greatly. Do yourself a favor and don't just walk past it the next time you're in City Market.
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2010,6/8/2010,339,655,3,22,12>These guys are ROCK STARS! They are really into their job and I'd guess that the majority of the staff are volunteers.Have you been here? All of these animals appear well-cared for, highly adoptable, happy, and healthy. It's fun walking the aisles and seeing what they have before you ask for playtime with a specific dog or 2. I'd never been to a shelter before, but I was shocked at how amazing this facility, staff, and pets were. This is a happy place, not one of those sad shelters you see on tv.I went in 3 days within a week time span and spent probably a total of 10 hrs of looking at dogs, playing with them, and then going through an exhaustive adoption process. They were pretty patient with my questions and my fiance's indecisiveness.Yes, some of the reviews that are negative have a point. There's often a long wait to "meet a dog," though after filling out a one page form you can see whoever you like by looking in the "window." The adoption process itself is quite time consuming, exhaustive and they ask a lot of personal questions. However, I can't knock them for that. This isn't burger king here. These are living creatures who were given up at least once and they want to make sure they go to a home that can and will take care of them. Just because you want a dog doesn't mean it's the right fit for you. They're quite good at being honest with you saying they will or won't be good around kids, other pets, etc. and won't let you adopt if it's a bad fit. Also, it's non profit, so I figure it costs them a good deal of money to have someone adopt a dog and then return it again. Imagine all the vet, grooming, and other overhead. If you can't handle the hard questions and an occasional "no," this place isn't for you and you shouldn't be taking a pet. It's a responsability, not a right. When you adopt a child, do you just get one because you ask for one?I walked out with a PRIZE: an amazing purebred cockerspaniel that is happy, healthy, fun to be with and quite loving. On the financial end, you walk off with 5 lbs of dog food, fully vaccinated, neutered/spayed, healthy (they vet looks at them on the way out just in case they missed something), lots of paperwork, discounts and advice. Since they are a non-profit anything you buy there is TAX FREE. I priced out the kennel they sold me. It was less than Petco with a whole bunch of coupons included. The adoption fee is quite reasonable and cut by 50% when they have adoptathons. Did I mention that some dogs may already be microchipped? They also give you 45 days of free pet insurance and the shelter itself covers some issues for free within 10 days.If you don't have the basics and you have to take your dog home right away unexpectently (they couldn't hold the dog as an adoptathon was coming up and they were closed for a few days), they do sell all the basics right there and the prices seem amazing. On a normal week, they only hold the dog for 48 hrs.Kudus go to Ashley, Bridget (who closed the place since my adoption process and purchases took so long;I'm sorry that I kept you so late), the woman who helped me put together the kennel, and the rest of the stuff for putting up with us.
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2010,6/7/2010,122,77,3,13,6>This review is for Bristol's Sunday Brunch. OHMYGOSHYES.Brunch just might be my favorite meal ever. If I'm eating it, there's usually a good reason. Maybe its a holiday. Maybe we're having friends in from out of town. Maybe I slept in past breakfast. Regardless, I'm probably in a good mood to begin with. An awesome brunch will simply elevate that good mood into a veritable blissed-out state of exultation. The Wife and I have a short list of go-to brunch places, and Bristol is among our favorites. The atmosphere is sophisticated, warm, and beautifully designed, with a sort of Dwell Magazine cum Art Deco vibe. The service has always been both relaxed and impeccable, and the food--oh, the food--never disappoints. Kansas City has two Bristol locations--one in Leawood, one in P&L--and each one offers a slightly different brunch menu. Here's the rundown of the offerings at the P&L location, which is the one that we frequent. Omelette Bar - Made to orderBeef Tenderloin - Hand-carved right before your very eyesWaffles - Made to order, delivered to your table upon request, available  with assorted fruit toppingsSeared Ahi Tuna Fresh FruitPeel and Eat ShrimpAssorted Cheeses (surprisingly good quality)Tomato & Mozzarella SaladSmoked fishSpring RollsScrambled EggsApplewood Smoked BaconGrilled Atlantic SalmonChicken Picatta (disappointingly meh-inducing)Haricot Verts...aka Green BeansSausage LinksRoasted PotatoesShrimp EnchiladaJambalayaThai Chicken WingsLobster Mac&CheeseCarrot CakeChristopher Elbow Chocolates (Sadly, not all-you-can-eat. Delivered on a dessert tray towards the end of the meal)CheesecakeKey Lime TartOh, yes. That's right. AWESOME selection. If you've never started the day with seared Ahi tuna, delicious cheeses, tenderloin, lobster mac & cheese and a Christopher Elbow chocolate, I heartily suggest you give it a whirl. The cost for the brunch buffet is a very reasonable $19.95 per person, and includes juice. Coffee will cost you a few bucks more. For all your classy, seafood-spiked brunchy needs, Bristol has you covered.
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2010,6/6/2010,15,29,3,8,5>Shortly after b:2 opened its doors I found myself in Lee's Summit and stopped by for lunch.  It's a little bit hard to find... but that could be my lack of knowing the area.  Once I found the shopping center I found b:2 right away... its located on the East side of the shopping center straight as you enter the shopping area.After my average experience at a few other newer burger joints I tried not to get too overly excited.  But, knowing this was an off shoot of Blanc it was hard not to have a little anticipation.  I was quickly greeted and seating next to the front windows.  The design is very similar to Blanc, very modern but has a minimalist vibe going. I found the menu very similar to Blanc, but a little tamer.  Which honestly, is fine by me - sometimes I find the combo's at Blanc a little odd - always good but sometimes strange?  I went for the B Mac... a little play on the golden arches.  Two 4 oz beef patties on Farm to Market bread - you get it.  I ordered the side fries for the extra dollar vs. the whole order of fries - it was a small order of fries but that was fine for me.  My food came out fairly quickly and WOW - what a great burger.  Perfectly cooked, fresh tasting, and everything was well balanced.  The only thing I can say I didn't care for was the spicy aioli that came out with the fries.  They make their own top notch ketchup (a little tangy & spicy) so I was fine.I was fairly impressed with this place... if you like Blanc... you will love b:2 if your looking for a similar food while in Lee's Summit.
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2010,6/4/2010,38,51,3,3,3>Here's my favorite thing about McCoy's: I've been coming here regularly for about five years now, and see the same faces among the waitstaff every time.  Any restaurant that can keep staff around that long must be treating them right, and patrons benefit from having servers who know the joint back and forth.Another favorite thing: multiple vegan and vegetarian options, clearly designated on the menu.  While there are plenty of places that will modify existing dishes to make them veggie-friendly, it's awfully nice to not have to make up your own dinner, and to have multiple items on the menu to choose from.  If I wanted to think that hard about what ingredients went into my meal, I'd have cooked at home.Another favorite thing?  Their deck.  The rain this week has kept me away so far this season, but once the sun returns, I'm in.  Not only will their servers treat you right, they'll treat your dog right too.  My pup has gotten milkbones and bowls of water delivered to her as a matter of course.My least favorite thing?  Having to remember how much I loved their Turkey Burger before I re-vegetarianized after a multi-year lapse.  That burger was bar-none the tastiest turkey burger I'd found anywhere.  Always well cooked and dripping with honey mustard glaze.  Sigh.Luckily they have several other meals that I can get just as excited about.  I still wake up in the morning, drool on my chin, after dreaming about their Macaroni & Cheese (that I order with extra broccoli).  None of that creepy orange fake cheese - their medley of white cheeses makes me sing.  And their Black Bean Burger is yummy, too - nice and spicy (and not fall-y apart-y) with a guacamole topping.  Okay, there's one thing I honestly don't like.  Their root beer.  It tastes to me like someone made a root beer float and let all the ice cream melt before serving it.  Just too thick and vanilla-y for my taste.I was surprised to realize a year or two ago that when prompted for my favorite place to eat in KC, it'd be McCoy's, and would admit it with a caveat.  But I'm owning it now - I love you McCoy's, and I'll be back soon.
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2010,6/3/2010,36,117,6,6,3>I'm not going to lie.  Everytime I go to Cascone's I want to put on my best suit and slick my hair back like I'm in Goodfellas.The place is great.  From the soft colored lighting that sets the mood like it's 1979, to the gruff waiter who's likely worked there for twenty years.Get the bread with olive oil dipping service.  The bread is a non-descript italian loaf---not dredged in butter and garlic.  You can do that yourself, but I suggest you eat it like you used to when you were a kid----grab a slice and slather some butter on there.Get the Italian Flag. Enjoy a salad of basic greens and a tart vinegarette followed by a sampling of the lasagna, chicken parmesan,  and fettuccine alfredo.  The gravy (sauce) at Cascone's is second to none.  I buy it at the grocery store.Let your stomach expand and ask the guy sitting next to you if he "took care of that thing upstate?"DO IT!
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2010,6/1/2010,148,216,3,10,5>Hands down the best steakhouse in Kansas City.  When I read city reviews and travel magazines extolling the excellence of places like Hereford House, Plaza III, Ruth's Chris and Golden Ox, I have to believe these people have never been to Jess & Jim's.  I went here with my family pretty frequently when I was a kid in the 70s and 80s...and I'm pretty sure nothing much has changed since then.  Not even the decorating.  But when you have the best, you don't need high-end, updated and visually pleasing interiors.  Good food requires nothing more than a chair to sit on and table to sit at.  It's a casual, down-home steak joint.  Back then, 135th & Holmes seemed like such a loooong drive.  Not so much anymore.  The fried mushrooms are a favorite of mine to start out with, but you certainly don't need an appetizer here.  Your meal will be more than enough to satisfy.  Sometimes instead of fried mushrooms, I'll get the buttered mushrooms which are equally delicious.  What?!  I like mushrooms.Their prime rib is what I imagine they serve in heaven.  It practically melts in your mouth.  A twice baked potato and salad with their house made french dressing makes an absolutely perfect meal.  Of course, their menu has a lot more than just steak.  There's lobster & seafood, chicken, burgers (they make their own ground beef), sandwiches...they even have frog legs.  If you want the best steak in Kansas City, go here.  If you want mood lighting and modern decorating, go somewhere else.  Jess & Jim's is all about the food.
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2010,5/31/2010,50,183,10,4,4>I would like to apologize in advance for what you're about to read. I was inexplicably compelled to write this review in rhyming verse.one can argue the spices are sometimes subdued,and the flavors don't pop like they should in the food;perhaps the cooks lean a bit heavy on sweet,while Americans frown and pout, "Not enough meat!"still, sometimes the food shines and the flavors come through,garlic naan from the tandoor and lamb vindaloo;but the reason I keep coming back from afar?Harry rocks, even if the food's sometimes subpar.
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/16/2010,5/30/2010,54,74,4,4,4>One thing that sets Caliente Grill apart from all of the other Mexican restaurants in the Kansas City area is that they have a vegetarian chimichanga.  Now, I realize that this is not particularly "Mexican" of them, but not eating meat is not a particularly Mexican thing either.  Sometimes you just want to indulge in fried tortilla goodness, and unfortunately the Chimichanga market has not yet embraced us vegetarians fully.  It's a mystery, because isn't anything going to taste good once you envelop it in a flour tortilla and fry it?  So why not stuff bell peppers and onions and call it good to go?  Caliente Grill is obviously a pioneer in the field of chimichangas, cornering the vegetarian chimichanga enthusiast market.So how is it?  It's exactly what you would expect from a chimichanga.  But with vegetables.  This somehow makes me feel less bad about eating it.  It also evoked great memories of eating my first ever chimichanga at Dos Hombres Mexican Restaurant and Cantina back when it was on Shawnee Mission Parkway.  Oh yes, I am that old school.  It was really the first restaurant I was ever taken to as a little one.  I used to dip tortilla chips in Pepsi.  What the heck was I thinking?  As a child, I was quite the culinary adventurer.  Despite the chimichanga, I always find myself gravitating toward the Spinach Enchiladas here.  Once again, how very authentic of me.  I am awesome.  These Spinach Enchiladas are pretty good, and I enjoy that they are not as cheesy as some of the other spinach enchilada offerings in the area.  Have you ever had Margarita's spinach enchiladas?  It is basically cheese dip inside of a corn tortilla resulting in sort of a messy and very off putting textural issue.  These enchiladas at Caliente Grill have a little more heft and when you cut into them there is a bit of separation.  This is important to me, as an enchilada eater.  It should be an in tact edifice, the enchilada, not a soupy mess.  We are not eating chilaquiles here, after all.  They also have Cherry Coke on the fountain, which is one of those weird things that I love.  I love pre-made Cherry Coke more than a coke mixed with grenadine.  Do not judge me.  Don't ever judge me.
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/2/2010,5/29/2010,728,115,25,14,10>I'm going to begin by saying I:...do not have a palate for cajun food....couldn't properly enunciate "nawlins" if I tried.  Ok I did try.  And I can't....don't like strangers helping themselves to a seat at my table....like free food and cheap beer.The last point is why I wound up at Jazz.  After just moving into the new pad (and by moving in I mean inflating the Aerobed) I ventured out to the patio I share with a man I had yet to experience.  All I know about him is that he collects upholstered chairs that don't match, has broken a window so his cat (who is in heat and very vocal) can come and go as she pleases, and has so much shit on his side I can't wrap my mind around how he gets in and out.   What is that I hear?  The smooth sounds of Marvin Gaye?  And what do I see?  The door, its opening...and out dances my neighbor, cactus stem glasses of straight gin in one hand, a can of Natural Ice as a chaser in the other.After acquiring a cactus stem glass of my own, an invite to a BBQ and the mention that homie works at Jazz I called it a night .  The beau and I ventured there yesterday, lured by the $2.00 pints of Boulevard and promise of solid menu recommendations.  Its a beautiful day in the neighborhood so we plop down outdoors.  No server, no problem.  I inquire indoors and the confused but pleasant hostess informs me that I must order from the bar, also no biggie.  The bartenders tells me I should order from a server.  Now I'm getting annoyed.  I just want a beer.  Give me the beer and I will figure out who in the chain of service will be my go to guy or gal.  By the time I make it back outside there is some mid 50's chick sporting a bandana and a pack of pall malls that has helped herself to my seat and her 20 something year old beau has taken the other chair.  The person I came with has turned on his "southern" switch and is conversing in a fashion that drives me to shot gun my brew and order another, they've figured out who is going to help us at this point.  When the couple realized we weren't going to let them share our appetizer they disappear like they are going to go do it in the bushes and we hop to another table right about the time our entrees arrive.Fried Catfish:  The breading on this is fantastic and it has been fried to perfection, not greasy or oily but battered goodness.  Voo Doo wings:  Meh, okay.  The sauce was not particularly spicy and I think I prefer the traditional blazing hot bite-through-the-skin wings.  These are breaded, and feature a thick sauce.Chicken A Le Mere:  Had a lot going on.  The flavors meshed together in a way that I was not completely crazy about (almost like someone had started to digest it for me) but the chicken was cooked well.By this point we have another guest, who brought his own beer this time and wasn't staring at our like a puppy.  I notice him clutching his pink cased blackberry like he's waiting for a baby announcement.  Noticing my puzzled look he answers the question before I ask.  "I can't stand watching my girlfriend eat oysters, she's going to text me when she's done with the oysters.  It is the grossest thing I've ever seen."There is a certain vibe about this place that seemingly makes it perfectly okay to speak to anyone, sit down anywhere and say whatever crosses your mind.   The food was not delicious enough I would pay full price for it.  So I probably won't be back.  But its entirely possible that is due to my preferences, I'm not sure I've ever eaten "Louisiana style food" and I probably won't again. But I might come here if I was attention starved and just needed to talk.  Nevermind, I can just step out on the balcony for that.
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2010,5/28/2010,13,12,,2,2>This isn't just the best burger in Lawrence, it's the best burger anywhere.  Or, at least, anywhere I've ever been.The hard part is deciding which burger to order.  The Kobe burger with those delicious little pickled onions?  The Fromage burger, smothered in, like, five kinds of cheese?  The Black and Blue burger with tart Granny Smith apple chutney?  And every time I go in, I think, "I've got to try one of those veggie burgers sometime...."  Maybe they need to make a slider sampler platter so I can have them all!And then there are the fries.  I think the chili fries are my favorite when they're in season, although the cheesy poutine fries are moan inducing also.  The truffle fries are my stand-by however, and their homemade ketchup and garlic aioli make them a treat.Actually, I think I was wrong, the hard part isn't deciding what to order.  The hard part is that once you've had a burger from Dempsey's, you will never be satisfied with a burger from somewhere else again!
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2010,5/27/2010,15,23,4,7,3>If I could write a one-word review for this place and get away with it, that word would be "Ohmigawd", or just "Wow" for those of you with delicate language sensibilities. However, I'm told that I can't really do that and expect to be taken seriously, so here we go. My ever-loving wife took me here for my birthday dinner. I had never been there or even heard of Benton's before last night, but she assured me that I would love it. I had my doubts. (What? Try a new, unknown place on my birthday?? Are you high?) I should be flogged for ever doubting her. Benton's sits high atop the Crown Center Westin. Anyone who has been down that way has seen it up there, possibly wondering what that square thing was. When you get up to the restaurant, the first thing you notice is the incredible view. Its simply fantastic, especially after sunset when the city and Liberty Memorial all light up for you. The interior is very basic, and does not take away from the visual experience of the outside. The wait staff were excellent. They are very attentive without hovering over you. Very, very professional people who made our evening more special. Now, to the main thing: the Food. I have to say right up front that the steaks here are simply exquisite. In an instant, during the very first bite I took, Benton's immediately took top honors in my "Best steak in KC" list, knocking off Piropo's and Pierponts, who had tied for the #1 spot. It's just that damn good. I had a 20oz Delmonico, and finished it all! I also had an intensely good lobster bisque, which they flambe' at your table. If you don't know how they flambe' lobster bisque, just go there and order it. It's worth it. Dessert consisted of a chocolate pate', with fresh berries along with pine nut and apricot sauce, which was excellent. My wife had the tableside bananas foster, which she said gave her an "oral-gasm". Both desserts were gratis, along with a glass of champagne, since it was a birthday! Score! I WAS going to give Benton's a 4-star, due to it being pricey, but I figured what the hell. Part of the price is for presentation, and THAT is excellent! You get a great view with your meal. Possibly the best dining view that doesn't rotate. Intensely excellent service and food, and some not bad Jazz to go along with it. Yeah, it's worth a few extra bucks.
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2010,5/26/2010,150,18,4,7,4>Without gushing too much, I love Flo's Cabaret.  In terms of bars, it's like my home away from home.  I know people there.  People there know me.  It's my gay equivalent of Cheers, most everyone knows my name; I am sure you get the picture...Seriously though, the food is good.  It's not AS GOOD as it once was -- originally, the food was on par with the likes of 1924 Main, the original chef was flawless.  The food now is more on par with a basic bar and grill, but it's still good.  I can only imagine that the original menu was a little too sophisticated for the majority of the gay bar consumers in Kansas City.  As business owners Flo (John) and Tony have to cater to the majority of their customers and that is what they have done regarding the menu.The bartenders are amazing and Flo has done a fantastic job selecting friendly and outgoing bartenders.  With Raven, Salina, and Matt behind the bar you can be assured the drinks will be strong and they will be served fast.The real reason to come to Flo's, though,  is to catch a show or sing some karaoke.  There is always something going on.  The Flo Show on Friday night and Saturday night is the flagship show and a must see.  Get there early and sit up front to really experience the show.If you have been to other gay bars in Kansas City, in terms of food and cleanliness there is no comparison to Flo's IMHO.In summary, if you want to see a drag show, eat some good food and have some good drinks, you have to go to Flo's.  There is no other bar in Kansas City where you can do all three.
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2010,5/25/2010,46,109,1,4,4>I like this place. It's a lovely 3-story mansion in KC, right around the corner from the Uptown and all that. Side note: This place boasts what is probably my favorite bathtub in town. What? Why is that weird?I know of at least 3 reading series that happen here on a regular basis, but they host other readings and workshops, too.Riverfront Reading Series is second Fridays at 8pm. Main Street Rag is third Sundays at 7pm.Monday Open Mic is fourth Mondays at 8pm.The downstairs is really open and bright. Lovely hardwood floors and there's often local art on the walls. I think it's the second floor that has a small bookstore with lots of local writers' work. There are also offices here for the Latino Writer's Collective.It's a really lovely space with some good events. My only caveat (and maybe I'm wrong because I live more than a hop/skip/jump away) is I think they could use some work on how well they advertise some of their events.
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2010,5/24/2010,133,258,25,35,27>If you ever want to feel like the most beautiful girl in the world, go to Birdies. If you also want to be extremely broke, go to Birdies. But really, ladies, it's entirely worth it. By the time Danielle picks things out for you, tells you no to the things she knows won't work, and makes you parade about the store in a pony-covered bra with hardware, you will feel like the sexiest, most elegant woman alive. Also perhaps a little silly.Take your closest ladies, or those to whom you'd like to be closer, and try some stuff on. It's exhilarating in an odd way to prance about scantily clad with your friends. I may have been a theatre girl and am not entirely modest, but this is something I would never normally be comfortable doing. I've also heard (and will be hosting) a bachelorette party there, and apparently it's the best time ever. I have no doubt. The brilliant ladies who staff the place can't help but be fun, and personal, and make you laugh. Even when wearing a garter belt. However, be prepared to buy. You will have to. Not because the girls who work there pressure you at all, but because there will be something that makes you feel sassy and confident.And I have to say this, as well: go even if you're single. I have way too many friends who refuse to buy lingerie unless it's "for someone." Let me tell you, even when there's no boy around, when I wear my little 40s style pink satin halter top/high waisted hot shorts ensemble around my house, I feel pretty great. Yes, it's pricey. But you pay not only for amazingly high quality, well-designed, interesting lingerie (you will not find this stuff at Victoria's Secret, team, you just won't), but also for the great taste, advice, and attitude of the ladies who work there. Birdies is not somewhere you go just to shop; it really is an experience. One that will leave you laughing at yourself for days, and yes, maybe cringing about what you just spent. A stop by Cellar Rat for a bottle of wine directly after is usually a good idea.It is, however, completely worth it. I recently bought a swimsuit there. I don't swim. I HATE swimsuit shopping. But I have also never felt so good in a tiny article of clothing. And there were two others I would have happily bought if I had all the money in the world and, well, swam on top of the Soho House or something on a regular basis. So do not resist. I may now keep a rainy day-style jar with "Birdies" on the side. It's just that lovely.
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2010,5/23/2010,21,54,,4,3>I hate going into a place where you look like the only ones there. Granted I tend to eat earlier than most, but I do expect a restaurant on the Plaza to be a lot busier on the weekends. I get that feeling like I should just turn around and walk out. But,  having been here before and seen the same lack of customers didn't turn me off, because it was the food I was after.Really, the main reason for going to Figlio's on a Sunday evening was it is one of the few Italian style restaurants open. Don't get me started on Buca de Bepo or Cascone's. One servers quantity over quality and one is where arteries go to die.The Sunday special on Sunday for $12 is a half dish of any pasta, a soup or salad and gelato. Not a bad deal.The party I was with all enjoyed their meals. My wife's soup, while thick was tasty! Another member of our party had spaghetti with diablo sauce, shrimp and sausage. I was envious. I will admit that their pasta sauce is not watered down. It has some kick to it, which was great for me, but not so much for my 2 year old who doesn't eat very much to begin with.
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2010,5/22/2010,18,11,3,12,3>I love Henry's upstairs bar for a number of reasons: It feels like an old, renovated, over-bar apartment transformed into a bar (which I think it is!), complete with little adjoining rooms, windows overlooking the street and alley, even a fireplace! Local art on the walls, rotated on a regular basis. They have nice beers on tap and regular drink specials. The back patio (20 feet above the alley), especially, has a big-city vibe and is smoker-friendly. Lovely ambiance. Gay friendly. And they regularly host arts-related events (such as fiction readings and art shows). If you're looking for a local bar to which you wouldn't be embarassed to bring an out-of-town friend or special guest of your organization, this is a great place to choose.I also love Henry's downstairs: Great lemon bars, wonderful coffee and Italian sodas, wireless internet, great ambiance, friendly servers... this place has it all. Get your coffee downstairs and bring it upstairs. My favorite: A strong latte in one hand and a Guinness in the other, near the window just before sunset with friends. My favorite bar in Lawrence.EDIT: I dropped my phone under the decking of the smoking patio last night, and both the bouncer (last night) and the owner (this morning) went out of their way to help me retrieve it. Henry's rocks.
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2010,5/21/2010,70,92,1,7,2>God, I love this restaurant. It's gorgeous and I love the location. The sangria is delicious (I prefer the white to the red) and the food just keeps coming. I came here for the third time a week ago to celebrate my boyfriend getting straight A's in grad school. We couldn't make up our minds and asked the waiter (who was a bit awkward) for recs. He told us to get the baked goat cheese and something with Ahi. We also got one of the specials, the pancetta wrapped shrimp and salmon wrapped asparagus and everything was delicious. The only annoying thing was that we were seated next to a table of cackling, drunk females but it's hardly La Bodega's fault that they were being patronized by ridiculous people. I'll definitely be back, but maybe I will ask to avoid the large table of drunks next time.
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2010,5/20/2010,29,37,6,6,6>One of the top five things one could see upon entering a vintage clothing store is a massive stack of records next to a functioning(gasp!) turntable. I knew then that I had entered a lifestyle store, not a den of hipsters. For you see, it's one thing to say you listen to vinyl and have a vinyl collection that compliments your trendy hipster beard, hideous neon glasses, and short shirt, and a completely different thing to embrace vinyl with all it's pops and hisses, constant need for flipping of records, and annoyingly/heartwarmingly interactive experience. Wild Man has been on Mass St for several years now, which makes them A-OK in my book. I laughed many times at their window displays  before I ever set foot in the door, although my particular favorite were the mannequin's that overdosed on pills. Subversive and dark, my kind of humor. Having entered that den of snobs known as Arizona Trading Company before, I was hesitant to enter the first time. Like many, I went looking for a costume piece for a Halloween ensemble and was pleasantly surprised at the selection. While it's not the biggest store in the world, they do a good job at keeping a variety of pieces and sizes in stock. Things were reasonably priced, which delighted my inner Halloween kid as I purchased some leather platform boots for the low low price of $10. Having returned now several times for legitimate purchases, I've rarely left empty handed. Even when just killing time, I almost always find something I can't live without. While others claim it to be weird, I claim it to be more authentic. Nixon watching you get dressed seems like the type of thing he'd probably have done anyway.
<review# 1570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2009,5/19/2010,8,16,,6,4>I love this store.  I live up the street and since the store next to it closed, i haven't been in.  I haven't ever really been into vintage clothing, none of the patterns or shapes are really my style.  But i went in with my sister and was surprised to find some really cute new vintage inspired pieces.  She has very cute dresses, and the sizes are normal, not tiny like most boutiques.  I really liked the girl who was working.  I understand she isn't Donna, but she is so sweet and was dressed vintage like and i think she fit the store so well.  I really like sales people who actually want to talk to you and get to know you because in this economy a snooty sales person will get you no customers.  So anyway i walked out of there the first time with a really cute babydoll dress with vintage prints and i went in a week later to buy a black dress with a zipper down the front, very hot.  I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to find unique pieces at a good price.  Oh and i am giving this five stars because my boyfriend loved the dresses.
<review# 1571,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/14/2010,5/18/2010,29,114,1,4,3>Teller's on a Tuesday or Wednesday night, I forget which one this past week. I was looking for a quiet dinner where I could knock out a little work and enjoy some vittles and vino, though not necessarily in that order. As a sucker for most things tomato I app'd with a cup of the Pappa Al Pomodor soup, and will say that it was nice, but could have used a little more "Bam!" to get me excited about it. I followed it up with the much better seasoned and tasty Penne Arrabiata. Throw in a couple meatballs to this combination of garlic, shallots, chilies and tomato cream and my belly was really happy. Seriously, while the soup was lacking in anything more than the rudimentary application of spices, the penne had some kick this evening, and I appreciated it. I had a couple of different reds from their solid and well ranging wine list and now that I know what to expect from waitstaffs in Lawrence (disinterest and inattention as they finish homework in back) can say that this was a pretty good meal and it puts Teller's in the rotation.On a side note, I did not hit the bar, but will in the future, Teller's is architecturally a pretty cool looking space, especially in Lawrence.
<review# 1572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2010,5/17/2010,6,5,,4,3>To begin, I must confess that I am somewhat of a culinary accoutrement junkie. My kitchen cabinets are positively overstuffed with serving pieces and random, yet must-have gadgets. That said, Pryde's Old Westport is one of my absolute favorite stores to just get lost in.First, I appreciate that it is a family owned store. They greet you with a hot cup of coffee and make you feel welcome to just wander around the store - which seemingly could be someone's home, if that someone's home was covered floor-to ceiling with kitchen (and some garden) awesomeness.Second, they have everything a cook could need. Whether you are looking for a specific type of baking pan, serving spoon, or just a great gift - Pryde's has it.Finally, the staff is always very helpful and friendly. They are always willing (even in the crush of holiday shopping) to take the time to help you find that mold you've been looking for or wrap a gift for you.(Oh, and P.S. there is a bakery downstairs. I have yet to actually sample any of the goods - but rumor has it that they make a mean pie.)
<review# 1573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2010,5/16/2010,521,843,1,5,3>I visited this restaurant with the vegetarian meet up group a couple of months ago. The restaurant is located in the Trade center building, just south of the Plaza. (I drove around trying to find it, even though my Garmin was telling me where to go. )I was in the banquet room, with a group of about 35. They had us seated at round tables, and presented food by the course. I got to consume  things I never would've eaten. Turnip cake (an odd little food, that I can't describe, but I'd eat it again). Tofu skins (one of my favorites there, I believe that is something you'd not want to make at home, but something you can eat out). Bo Lings serves them in a pinwheel, with filling that includes some kind of nuts, and vegetables. Numerous entrees, that are priced in "big plates' Small plates," and I'm thankful the weighter was vegetarian, and could explain the food.I enjoyed eating at Bo lings. They seemed a bit on the upscale casual side. But it was a place worth trying. The food is all Thia and Asian, and I like that kind of food. The service for our group was supreme. I don't think it's a place I'd frequent weekly. But it is interesting, when you're bored with other places. The hours are odd, and the parking is sparse.The food was amazing, but the hours are odd.
<review# 1574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2010,5/15/2010,55,37,1,6,3>Adorable new bakery in the River Market! To me, customer service and personal charm is nearly as important as your product. These owners understand that. The man at the register was super friendly and helpful, explaining their products and fan favorites, like fresh baked whole wheat bread. They offer cupcakes, cookies, muffins, scones, tarts, coffee, lemonade and much more!An added bonus - you can watch the baking creativity in all its glory! Press your nose up to the glass for an intimate look into how these tasty creations are made. The staff seemed to be having a good time and enjoying what they do - bringing delicious, happiness to the world! Their fun and laughter actually spilled over into my mood and made me smile. They also are detailed-orientated - a quality I much appreciate! Every treat seems to be made to perfection with the attention and love it deserves. When I mentioned I'd like my cupcake to go, the woman boxed it up so delicately, I really did feel like it was just that, a true treat!I got the carrot cupcake with a citrus, cream cheese frosting that was rich, moist and kept me wanting more. I can't wait to try more of their products and feel lucky it's just across the street. Awesome first impression - kudos to you Bloom!
<review# 1575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2008,5/14/2010,113,57,4,6,4>This is Harry's small historic corner and he has some tables for you to sit and converse on. A loungy spot which offers a weird and wonderful martini forte.  This is a sit down bar, but still a place to get that special fuzzy feeling.  A midst this shadowy ambience, you will find yourself nebulous and caught in music you wish you could remember the next morning. This place is like à la mode coffee shop and small manhattan-style lounge had a baby.The bar staff is in rare form every visit; they even lit patrons cigarettes when smoking was permitted.  Get loaded on martinis and white Russians and look at people talk drunkenly, yet eccentrically sophisticated about political views.  Good place to start a birthday night at.   Ask for a chocolate cake shot.
<review# 1576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2010,5/13/2010,27,76,5,2,2>I pride myself as something of an amateur bizarre foods fan.  I get a kick out of eating, and especially enjoying, foods that the majority of people are too timid and unadventurous to try.  On that note, I finally found something in Kansas City that made me just a little uneasy courtesy of the review by Ryan A; Kitfo!Ryan said it best; "a sexy pile of warm, raw ground beef slathered in spicy niter kibbeh".  Except for the whole sexy thing.  Ryan, I love your review but I think I have to side with the majority on this one that raw hamburger is in no way sexy.  I would however describe Kitfo as perhaps surprising, delicate, and definitely a bit weird.  Isn't it odd that although Americans eat a relatively small amount of fish, serving it raw is just the coolest thing ever and the hot thing to do; but cow, the prided American staple, served ground and raw just grosses people out?Raw cow aside.  Everything here is great.  We had an appetizer similar to a samosa that was wonderful.  The lentils are amazing; especially the red version.  Two warnings:  1.  Injera is very filling.  2.  They do not serve beer on Sundays.  It doesn't matter how nice a day, or that they have a great little patio that on Sundays has a great musician set up on the side walk.  They just don't have a Sunday liquor license apparently.
<review# 1577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2010,5/12/2010,24,42,4,7,5>This is our anniversary and Valentines tradition. My wife and I get dressed up real fancy like, then I go pick up our vegetarian dinner for two and we have a real nice meal at home. Don't get me wrong, I like the place, we just do this as a tradition. I started eating meat again about a year and a half ago after a four year veggie kick, my wife though has been a vegetarian for well over ten years and shows no sign of changing. That being said, I still love the vegetarian dinner for two. It costs about $25 but it will get you through the next couple days. I used to feel bad for my fellow construction workers when I ate this meal, because I knew that any time I broke a sweat, the pungent aroma of Indian food would fill the room like a sickly cloud of chlorine gas. I don't care. The veggie dinner for two allows my wife and myself to enjoy a four or five (do you count the tea?) course meal without having to stumble through the menu. If you eat there, they have a selection of Indian beers, Taj Mahal, which comes in a bigger bottle, and one of my personal favorites, Flying Horse. There was a time when Flying Horse had a poorly translated slogan on the bottle, that the further into a six-pack you got, the more amusing it became. It said "Most thrillling chilled!". I can't explain why, this phrase just makes me happy. It is also very true, it is most thrilling, especially when chilled. A few weeks ago, we went for the buffet, and I loved it. As other reviews have pointed out, the vegetarian items were not marked as such, so I had to continually ask the staff on behalf of my wife. They were happy to help, and really seemed to appreciate someone asking questions, and being interested in their food. Being a meat eater though, I just loaded my plate with a little of everything and dug in. I however, am not a fan of buffet style meals, because I never get my money's worth. I just am not able to load my belly with plate after plate of food. For this reason, I would recommend a nice dinner for two, be it lamb, chicken, or vegetarian, that way you can have leftovers the next day. It is just as good the following day. You really can't go wrong here, never had a bad meal, or bad service. Way to go guys.
<review# 1578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2010,5/11/2010,58,134,7,7,4>I buy all my music at Love Garden. Used or new, it's Love Garden all the way. Yeah, I still insist on purchasing my music on something tangible. I've worked with computers too long to trust MP3-only collections.No, Love Garden doesn't stock all the latest releases, but they're happy to special order anything you like. And if you call to cancel your order, say for Lady Gaga's The Fame Monster because you just found out that the version you ordered is censored, not only will they happily cancel your order, but they'll commisserate with you over that major record label bullshit. Music is music is music to these guys and there is ZERO indie-rock snobbery going on. I've purchased a wide range of choices there, from Adam Ant to Fishbone to ZZ Top, and recieved not even a blink (much less a sneer) from the ever helpful cashiers. Love Garden is a reminder that shopping locally isn't just a good thing to do, it's a pleasure.
<review# 1579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2010,5/10/2010,238,295,5,9,3>Upon entering " Imaging For Women " you're struck by the thought that this does not even resemble a doctors office.  It feels as though you have just entered someones home. Big comfortable couches and overstuffed chairs. Lots of throw pillows and decorative items create a welcoming environment. The changing rooms even have a tufted bench seat with throw pillows and a warm blanket. The staff was very friendly,and courteous.  Very apologetic for all the abuse you endure at their hands.  It is never fun, but they make it as pleasant as humanly possible.  Human is exactly how you are made to feel, not just a hunk of flesh...cuz  as you know, you've got  your hunks of flesh out there.  This is a necessary annual evil.   If it must be tolerated and performed, you might as well be pampered.  I personally feel that they should serve cocktails!   I'd be much more primed after 2 Margarita's.  Just a thought ladies.
<review# 1580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2010,5/9/2010,67,229,,9,3>I've owned 5 cats over the course of 20 years, lived in 6 different cities and been to many vet clinics over the years. This is, far and away, the best veterinary clinic I've ever visited. I've experienced everything from having to put down my elderly cat here to general check-ups, teeth cleanings and diagnostic issues and have encountered nothing but the most caring, experienced, professional and conscientious staff. My cats are in the best hands here and I couldn't be happier I found this place. I have total peace of mind that my cats are getting the best care they could be getting and that makes me very grateful.
<review# 1581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2010,5/8/2010,15,35,14,10,10>Leo's is awesome. Don't let anyone, ANYONE, tell you otherwise. My fiance tries to tell me. But what does he know? Nothing, that's what. He likes Pizza Hut, for the love of God.Growing up, my family would occasionally get take out from Leo's. In my memory, it was because my father was the accountant for the owners and we got some sort of discount. I tend to remember my father being the accountant for nearly every Northland restaurant growing up. Truth be told, he wasn't (I asked him last night), not even for Leo's. It was just good pizza that his family enjoyed. Somewhere along the line, and for whatever reason, we stopped getting take out here. I didn't eat this amazing pizza for a good 10-15 years. Then, out of nowhere, I started hearing little voices in my head "LLeeeooo'ssss....what about LLeeeooo'sss?". You're right, voice. What about Leo's. What happened to Leo's? I looked them up (yes, they have a website) and learned that not only were they still around, but they delivered to my apartment complex! I ordered that night. It was just as I remembered-delicious. Leo's uses Provel cheese. I don't know anything about Provel cheese, other than that it is super creamy, but I'm sure it can't possibly be natural. It also can't possibly be healthy. But it is great, so I don't really care. I am generally not a fan of creamy foods. Something about the word creamy grosses me out. But this creamy cheese is my jam. Not like in a "it's my jelly" way, but in a "ooohhh girl, this Boyz II Men song is my JAM" way (On Bended Knee, in case you were wondering). The pizza also comes cut in squares. Now, I know that plenty of people out there are violently opposed to square pizza. I guess I can understand. In a pizza-purist sort of way, square pieces are the designated hitter of the pizza world. But if the pizza is good, it can be cut in circles, or not cut at all, for all I care. Do I prefer an oversized, chewy, triangle slice? Absolutely. But I ain't no hater, either.The interior of Leo's is so classically Northland. It has probably looked like that for the past 35 years, since the place opened. I know it has looked like that for at least the past 28 years, because I was in there just a couple of months ago (I had to get carry-out since I live downtown now, thus out of the delivery area), and it was like being thrown into a time machine and spit out on a Friday night in the early 80's with my dad and as we waited for our take out order. Time stands still in there, but that's what makes it so great. The pizza you eat tonight will be just as great as the pizza you ate 10 years ago and the one you eat 10 years from now.
<review# 1582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2010,5/7/2010,42,52,3,5,3>When a place is quite literally sandwiched between a dollar store, a second-hand bookstore, and an Ace Hardware you have to wonder... am I seriously seeing a show here?? The Record Bar is slammed right down in the center of a strip mall with a substantial parking lot that stretches out before it... Not exactly the "cat's meow" affect I was hoping for. We were so surprised at the actual location (and so was Google Maps apparently) that we drove past it about three times... The Record Bar is totally unassuming and from the exterior it produces pretty average expectations. However, once inside enjoying a BELGIAN style ale watching one of your favorite bands perform at just past arms length you will question why in the hell you haven't been seeing shows here for years. First point with me was scored by this venue being smoke free! I love not having to watch one of my beloved bands teary eyed through the smoke of 100 burning cigarettes. Second, was the sophisticated beer selection... It can be a real buzz kill to see a show where the available adult beverages consist of 10 oz. Millers and Buds served in plastic Dixie cups... Record Bar is clearly concerned with providing a more well rounded experience by entertaining all of your senses. Though the most memorable part of this experience was certainly the smallness of the venue. We ended up in the front fairly easily and got to enjoy a rarefied intimate experience. A quaint spot like this makes you feel more special and privileged... Like you are part of something that can almost be classed as "once in a lifetime."Evidently the Record Bar is serious about their menu too. If they take as much care in their food as they do in their beer then I am already close to convinced. (They had Grimbergen on draft and they served it in the matching goblet style glass... Shit Yeah!) One more perk of seeing a show here is that it is within walking distance to about anything you could want. We hoofed it to check out used records, books, happy hour, a dive bar, and World Market. If I had to be critical of something it would be the sea of black X-hands I had to share my experience with. Don't get my wrong, there is nothing inherently wrong with minors. They just have a tendency for non-stop nauseating make out scenes that make you wonder why they even left the house. I don't mind teens supporting my favorite bands, but damn act like you are at least slightly more interested in the show than in each others ass cheeks... After considering my whole experience though, the minors were a small price to pay for such a unique and memorable experience.
<review# 1583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2010,5/6/2010,257,96,4,9,3>Okay, if you get your meat from McGonigle's you know it's going to be AMAZING...yup, exactly. The burgers we got were superb. The meat is so juicy and flavorful and their slogan, "We want your meat in your mouth," says it all. Okay, since this was our first visit we were searching for protocol.  So, here it is (from my point of view): enter from the parking lot entrance or from the street entrance. Go to the bar and place your FOOD order next to the cookies. Go sit down and someone will come by to take your drink order. When your food is done your name will be called from the "window." Enjoy...Bring cash...you don't want to be charged for transaction fees!!!
<review# 1584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2010,5/5/2010,21,12,11,11,11>I checked in to the White Haven Motor Lodge fully knowing that this was the very motel that housed my parents during their honeymoon.  I'm still not sure that I didn't stay in the same room they did...at least aesthetically.  Beyond cursory updates such as satellite television, the room doesn't appear to have changed since the 60's.  I'm even happier to report that the price is still in the 50's.  Gauche drapery with gold tassels and the fake Tiffany swags are a warm welcome in the annals of it's surrounding suburbs, which really are a "white haven."  Don't expect monogrammed robes or room service, and you won't miss them. This place was aptly erected back when the words "Motor Lodge" really MEANT something:  sharing elbow space with vacationers over powdered donuts and travel brochures in the "Office Lounge."  You're in Johnson County, for heaven's sake.  Surely you can manage breakfast at Whole Foods or the Winstead's across the street.  If you're terribly put out by the lack of a four star restaurant on the premises, I'd like to point out that the White Haven mini-fridge works the same wonders as the garish ice bucket and accompanying tray.  Did I mention that the Rio Theater and the Dragon Inn are within walking distance?  Leftover popcorn and Chinese food make a fine breakfast if you sleep past powdered-donut o'clock.I've yet to patronize Ye Olde White Haven during the swimming season, but if the enormous pink umbrellas are any indication, I'm going to fit RIGHT IN at the pool party.P.S.  No smell, more maps than bibles.  Good plumbing!
<review# 1585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2010,5/4/2010,50,87,2,5,4>Danny Edwards Blvd. BBQ is a lunchtime joint that is easy to overlook. After all, Southwest Blvd. is where you go in KC for the best Mexican food, not barbecue. But should you find yourself one afternoon near this spot, it's definitely worth the stop. Located next to the often crowded Ponak's, Danny Edwards is a small, but comfortable, building with ample seating and a very friendly staff. Walking in you are immediately met with the unmistakable smell of smoking meat, something that any fan of barbecue can appreciate. Just inside the door is the counter where you place your order. They have both a standard menu and daily specials. The day I was there, one of the two specials was something called the Ole Smokey sandwich; it came with one side for $7.99. I asked about the Old Smokey and was told that it was a burnt end sandwich ... sold! Like some other casual BBQ joints in KC, Danny Edwards is both self service and has dining area staff who bring your silverware, get you your beer if you have one, bring you your food and check in with you throughout your meal. Speaking of beer, they have a decent bottled beer selection for such a small place, as well as a four different beers on tap. When my sandwich was brought to me I was pleasantly surprised to find that the burnt end sandwich was, in reality, a plate half full of burnt ends with a small bun somewhere in the middle. The burnt ends were tender and moist with just enough bark to give them flavor without tasting too burned. The side, in my case the homemade cole slaw, was a bit dry and seemed like a small container of shredded cabbage, not slaw. I ended up adding a bit of the barbecue sauce from the table and then it wasn't bad. I left Danny Edwards both full and excited to have found another lunch spot so close to where I work. It is a shame their hours are so limited as they are not open for dinner. I look forward to going back and trying some of their other barbecue offerings, as well as a few of their other sides and, possibly some Saturday afternoon, having a beer or two.
<review# 1586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2010,5/3/2010,92,76,,5,3>Okay, so my expectations of this joint were already a little skewed. I know Chef Tio's reputation, and I've heard a few pretty glowing reviews from foodie friends, so this seemed like a good time to try it. I took my boyfriend here for his birthday, and I'm pretty happy that I did.Like others said, the dining area is small and the ambience is fairly minimal. I can understand what other reviewers mentioned about it being too cold and crammed, but since the weather was nice out, I found it to be perfectly fine. To me, the atmosphere made the restaurant seem casual and intimate, not pretentious and stuffy like you get at a lot of other places. This is of course coming from a person who would have almost no problem eating in a dimly-lit closet as long as the food and service were fantastic.We ate around 7, and had eaten a light lunch around 2, so neither of us was terribly hungry. So we started out with the pretzels, which seemed about as average to me as the ones you could score at Auntie Anne's, except smaller and not drenched in crunchy salt. So, I would've rather went for something a little more exciting, but was still hopeful for a good main entree.I decided on the pork shoulder with sweet potato puree and marshmallow, and my boyfriend went for the braised short ribs with gratin potatoes and glazed carrots (substituted from brussel sprouts). When the dishes came out, I could tell that some disappointment washed over his face because of the small portion sizes, which I had warned him about. My boyfriend is the type of guy who knows we're going out to eat at 7, but at 5 is too hungry to wait and will grab a meal at McDonald's, and still be able to eat later. I'm not that way, so the portion looked about right for me (and it was perfect). But I could see his dissatisfaction in having about 8 baby carrots on his dish. But both of us were impressed by the presentation of the dishes. And as soon as we bit into our dinners, most of the disappointment melted away. My pork shoulder was tender and moist, as was his beef. The marshmallow gave the sweet potato the perfect touch, and the puree was light but still substantial. He was really impressed by his gratin potatoes, but again, wished for a little more.Our friendly, chatty waiter came by next to show us the dessert trays. And for $4, I wasn't going to pass up dessert. I knew the servings wouldn't be huge, but I just needed something to satisfy my sweet tooth. I'm generally not a fan of chocolate pudding, but had gotten a strong recommendation to try it, so we ordered one of those and a butterscotch bread pudding with creme fraiche. Again, yum. The chocolate pudding was above average, but perhaps would not have impressed me as much if not for the fleur de sel (sea salt) sprinkled on top. The blend of the sweet and salty more than pushed it over the edge for me. It also was accompanied by a ginger doughnut, which at first bite had a nice ginger flavor in it, but subsequently became a little boring and didn't do much to compliment the choco. The bread pudding had a hearty quality, as opposed to a lot of bread puddings that can be soupy (which I don't always mind). It had a lot of good flavor, topped off by the nutty, soury creme fraiche.When I got the bill, I was pretty relieved. Though we had ordered all these things and a glass of wine, the price was really reasonable. Like I said, our waiter was friendly, and Chef Tio came out to introduce herself and ask how our meal was going. For whatever reason, my comfort level rises when the chef is visible, and even better when he or she makes it a point to pop by the dinner table.So, I'll definitely be back. I don't want to fault Julian for its smaller portion sizes, but if you're looking to have a giant bowl of food and leftovers to boot, this probably isn't right for you, or you should order a couple plates. But for me, quality trumps quantity.
<review# 1587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2010,5/2/2010,48,99,2,4,3>I had a friend and his wife staying in KC for the night with us, and they wanted to go out for BBQ.  On a Sunday night, the options are fairly limited so I gave them two options - A) the plastic tray/Wonder bread BBQ place (Arthur Bryant's) or B) the nicer, waiter-service place.  Both are great but they chose Jack Stack and it turned out great, as it has every time I bring out of town guests there.  The wait was 30 minutes, shocking on a Sunday night but there was a high school volleyball tournament in town so not a normal occurrence.  We waited in the cozy, fireplace-equipped bar area and had a round of beers while we waited.  I was a little irritated at the bartender when I ordered Boulevard Tank 7 for all of us and was told the keg was dry so I had to order something else. She said she was too busy to go change the keg - not great customer service there, especially since four of those beers would be about $25 so it wasn't like we'd ordered four bottles of Bud Light.Once seated, we ordered the gigantic, delicious sweet onion rings for an appetizer.  Our waitress was friendly and good throughout the meal, but she sort of disappeared for about 10 minutes.  She was waiting and waiting for the kitchen to finish our onion rings but instead of telling us that, she just avoided us.  They made up for the delay by taking the rings off the bill, so not a big deal at all.  We all ordered something different for dinner and did a lot of sharing, which is the way to do it at Jack Stack.  All the side dishes are delicious, as are the meats so it's hard to recommend one thing over another.  The ribs and burnt ends are particularly good though, as are the cheesy potatoes and cheesy corn.  I finished off the meal with my favorite dessert - Carrot Cake - and man it was awesome.  Quite possibly the best carrot cake I've ever had - it was served warm and had a very light texture/flavor to it.  Carrot cake can be a very heavy dessert but Jack Stack's is not, which is perfect because you're so stuffed with BBQ it can be hard to eat dessert.  You can't go wrong with this place - great for dates, big groups, and always a perfect spot for out of town guests!
<review# 1588,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/24/2010,5/1/2010,146,38,3,8,4>After an amusing happy hour at Sol Cantina with coworkers last night, I found myself in the mood for good Mexican food. But here's the situation: it's 7:00, I've already had a couple beers so I'm not totally famished, my wife was out with other friends so I was pretty much headed home to enjoy a rare night of just sitting around and doing whatever the heck I wanted. A big ol' platter of takeout Mexican food was not in order. This was the perfect setup for STREET TACOS!So I dropped into Cancun Fiesta Fresh to try what I have been told are some delicious and authentic-tasting street tacos. Of course, staring at the menu's options, my eyes became bigger than my stomach and I ordered four: Asada (marinated beef), Adobada (BBQ beef), Carnitas (roasted pork) and Pollo (chicken).The handmade corn tortillas come warm and, despite small, are filled with rich meat and cheese that will quickly fill you up. Their salsas are fresh and tasty. Don't worry - Extra Spicy really isn't too bad. Give it a try. Squeeze the accompanying limes (which come in a little sandwich baggie along with a slice of radish and carrot just for authenticity's sake) on top of the bed of cilantro and lettuce that covers the meat and cheese and you get all the flavors an authentic Mexican street taco should have.The Asada and Adobada had magnificent flavor, the meat chopped fine for easy chewing. The pollo  was delicious but less flavorful and slightly dry as grilled chicken can be. By the time I got to the carnitas, I was too full to take on any more than one bite of the deliciously seasoned, soft, shreddable hunks of pork.I got exactly what I wanted out of my trip to CFF and see myself stopping by here much more often now. I give it a lofty two napkins because I appreciate that it's not trying to be anything it shouldn't. Walking up to this place and getting your order of street tacos, which  you can wolf down in a matter of just a few minutes at one of the little cheap tables they have there (or even just standing and laughing with friends while you gorge) can make you feel like you're actually in Mexico, having the real experience. And I appreciate the heck out of that.
<review# 1589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2010,4/30/2010,159,346,4,14,5>I am very particular about hair coloring especially going blonde.  I have been to other places in the area and have had good coloring and not so good (chemical damage).  But the best my hair has been is after Mo at Chop Tops has colored it.She listens to what you are saying, translates it back to you and really makes sure you are on the same page before cutting and/or coloring your hair. The place is well organized and very much on the hip rockabilly side. But not annoyingly over the top. Everyone is really nice as well. Plus, the offering of beer, wine or soda is nice especially after a long crazy work day. Kudos to Mo for once again bringing my blonde back from the dead!
<review# 1590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2010,4/28/2010,8,5,3,5,2>Ok so last night I was at the Flying Saucer--my home away from home--and my friend and I were going to go have oysters at City Tavern before they close.  Unfortunately, City Tavern closed at 9 pm last night.  No wonder they are going out of business.  Ok, that aside, my friend and I were still hungry, considering we went without oysters.  So, we went to an old standbye--Grinders.First things first--there are two Grinders right next to each other.  Don't be fooled and go into Grinders West.  Oh, the food and everything is fine there, it just doesn't have the same...  feel.  Texture.  Ambiance.  Grime.  Dirt.  Charm.  Basically what I am saying is, Grinders the original is a bit of a dive.  More than a bit of a dive.  It's a full on dive, and that's one of the reasons I like it.The food:  I haven't had a ton of things on the menu--but I heartily recommend the philly.  Oh, add cheese whiz.  No, not kidding.  ("Did you get my cheese whiz, boy?"  Props to you if you know the movie that line is from.)  Yes, cheeze whiz.  The bread is terrific, the meat and veggies are terrific.  It's a tasty treat, even if you're in the mood for oysters.  I also like the funky dough.  It's pizza dough and cheese baked and served with marinara.  It makes for a great appetizer, except for it fills me up.  But I get it anyway.  Generally I order way, way too much food there--but hey, I like the tater tots too (along with alliteration).  The chicken wings aren't bad either, though they are no Peanut.The beer selection (I am a beerknurd, er beer nerd) is pretty good too.  I like that they have a variety of beers of all styles, so they can satisfy whatever mood I am in.  No complaints there.The only drawback that I have is the service can be a bit sketchy at times.  Sometimes it's hard to get the attention of someone--but when you finally do they are a sassy lot that work there, and I like that.  Anyway, that's about it.  Grinders the original is to the east, Grinders West is to the west (funny how that works).  The grungy one is the original, the one that looks like it should be on South Beach is the one on the West, in case you're directionally challenged.Grinders also sits in front of a music venue (The Crossroads), so if that's what you're looking for, you can find it there.  If there is no concert and the weather is nice, sit outside in the back on the patio.  It's a great place to sit and have a beer.
<review# 1591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2010,4/27/2010,130,37,1,7,4>In the last year, my fiance and I have become big fans of "Check Please Kansas City" and often aspire to appear on the show as guest reviewers. We always quiz each other as to which restaurant we'd recommend, and it usually ends in a playful argument over who receives the privilege of promoting Swagat.First and foremost, Swagat is, hands down, my favorite Indian restaurant in Kansas City -- heck, my favorite in the state of Missouri, for that matter. Growing up, I spent an inordinate amount of time at my best friend's house, which boasted a warm, inviting atmosphere tinged with the pungent aroma of Indian spices. Sadly enough, I was often terrified of the bowls of mysterious-looking food I found in the refrigerator, what I now know to be saag and other authentic delicacies.Thanks to Swagat's lunch buffet and impeccable dinner service, however, my misguided palette has received a marvelous education in the nuances of Indian food, and I haven't looked back since my first bite of chicken tikka masala. The lunch buffet, available seven days a week, is a clean, appetizing blend of numerous meat and vegetarian dishes, an ideal choice for those who are unfamiliar with Indian cuisine. Waiters often circulate with platters of fresh, pillowy naan (my favorite) and, although it costs extra, order a mango lassi -- the coolly refreshing drink is a great complement to spicy foods.Although the higher prices prevent us from visiting Swagat as often as we'd like for dinner, Rob and I never hesitate about where to dine when we have extra money to spare. And even though the menu is a veritable culinary treasure trove of entrees, we also never deviate from our selections, both of which never appear on the buffet: shrimp korma for me, paneer masala for him. Add garlic naan and an appetizer of vegetable pakora and you have what might be the most perfect meal. ever. And if the food and sumptuous decor isn't enough, the impeccable service and friendly staff will surely sway your vote. Gurdev, the owner, is a cheerful, pleasant man who always stops by for a handshake and greeting, and other waiters work so frequently that they've also become familiar faces who greet us with smiles and a "How have you been?" as we're seated. Swagat is a prime example of a complete dining experience, and I can no longer think of Kansas City without picturing this tucked-away favorite.
<review# 1592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2010,4/26/2010,16,33,,6,2>Short and sweet review.Two things stood out to me about this bar (in a positive way).1. The service. If you've read my other reviews, you'll notice this is a theme in a lot of them. I think the quality of service can make or break a place. It was definitely good here. My boyfriend and I met some friends here on a Thursday night after a concert at Beaumont. My boyfriend ordered drinks from the bar and we sat down in a booth. The rest of the night we didn't have to get up to order drinks, the server came around to our table (and wasn't pushy either.) When I asked for cherries with one of my drinks(that didn't come with them) he brought back a whole bunch for me on a plate at no charge. I thought that was awesome. He also remembered that I preferred my hot chocolate sans whipped cream. In general the staff were friendly, and they made tasty drinks!2. They served hot alcoholic beverages. I get cold easily, and I was absolutely freezing the night we went there. I ordered a raspberry hot chocolate, which was hot chocolate that had a couple types of alcohol in it, including chambord. It tasted AMAZING. It's hard (for me at least) to find places that serve good quality hot drinks. And by drinks I mean alcoholic drinks. There was even a variety of different kinds to choose from. Coffees, teas, hot chocolates, etc. That hot chocolate really made my night.This bar hit two of my sweet spots.  4 stars. I'd definitely go back again.
<review# 1593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2010,4/25/2010,72,56,2,8,3>FüD is officially open for business after some delicious test meals.  Organic, vegan, lots of raw dishes, and local ingredients whenever possible.Open for lunch, Friday dinner, and Saturday brunch, the menu is short and sweet, and Heidi and Jerimiah are always in the kitchen and happy to have you.  Walk right in and order at the counter next to their ever-changing chalkboard menu of offerings.Though the dishes and desserts change, possibly the most important menu item is the last one, a divine soft serve vanilla ice cream made from raw cashews, often available with fruit or rich cacao sauce.Back to the pre-dessert meal-- lunch offers hot pizza-style pocket sandwiches, filled with fresh mushrooms and served with cheese & marinara-style sauce.  Big raw tacos, a favorite with Heidi's customers, are made with wild rice 'meat' and wrapped in a collard green shell.  They also have hot tacos with a nicely seasoned mock-meat filling and gooey cashew cheese.  These are grilled quesadilla-style and served with guacamole, sans lettuce and tomato.My last visit included a crisp caesar-style salad with marinated tempeh, a perfect caesar dressing, and melt-in-your-mouth avocado croquettes on top of crunchy romaine and slivered red onions.Smoothies and fresh fruit/veggie juices are also on the menu, as well as fresh 'sunny milk' made from raw sunflower seeds.There are always goodies waiting for you at the end, so I am glad that the menu isn't too temptingly extensive.  (When it is, they have compostable to-go containers.)  Blueberry muffins, spiced crumb cake, cookies, luscious brownies, and tart lemon bars are all possibilities; I recommend stacking your brownies and cookies with ice cream and sundae toppings whenever possible.Friday nights feature dinner and the menu will change each week, with a mix of raw and lovingly cooked items.  Saturdays have brunch offerings such as local tofu scramble, the ridiculously good savory breakfast sandwich, and biscuits & gravy.It has been very busy at times with the excitement of opening; though they are very quick getting food out, you may have a bit of a wait if there are a lot of folks ahead of you.  I am not sure if they plan to get a credit card machine going, so to be safe, you might want to bring cash.
<review# 1594,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/17/2010,4/24/2010,115,89,6,7,5>So much of a dining experience is based on service, for better or worse. A place can occasionally offer fare so mind-blowing that you'd let the server smack you in the face after they dropped it off at the table. Most places, however, live and die by the people they hire to represent their business.And with that, I have to give El Patron 2.5 (trending to 3) stars. The food is decent-- it's not great, but it's not awful. I've had better and I've had worse. I had a chimichanga plate... It had rice and beans with it and it was all pretty good. My fiancee had the mole covered enchiladas. Again, not great, but not awful. I wouldn't kick it out of bed but I probably wouldn't go steady with it. Booty-call mole, I guess. The service, however, ruined everything. Some of the worst I've ever had. All of the servers are attractive Latin chicks. Nothing wrong with that. And most of them, God-Bless their shapely rumps, are probably pretty adequate. Not our gal, however. Our server was the epitome of ineptitude (maybe it's just a coincidence that she was the only one who didn't look Spanish?). She started off friendly and cordial. Smiley, engaging. She took our order, left and a busboy came back with our drinks. After what seemed like a million years, our food arrived. It was placed on the serving tray sitting by our table. One of the busboys told her 'your table's food is ready, did you want to give it to them?' and I think she said 'um, why don't YOU do it?' and giggled. So he gave us our food. Cool. No biggie. The only problem was, we didn't have any silverware. Or napkins. So we waited. And we both adopted that 'hey, we'd like to tuck into this bounty, but we're not in Egypt and we don't want to use our fingers' look. So we waited. And waited. And the food cooled off. And our server was horribly unavailable. We saw her walk by several times, but she seemed like she was in a hurry, so we didn't want to bother her. Maybe the president of Mexico was dining on the other side of the restaurant! Maybe! So we waited. And finally, a prettier server walked by and dropped off two sets of silverware, giving us a knowing 'I'm-sorry-Erin-sucks' smile. So we ate.Eventually, we wanted refills. Strange mole makes you thirsty, you know? So we waited. And we waited. For a long time. Finally someone came by and refilled our drinks. Pretty sure it wasn't our server. After awhile, we were done. We were ready for a check and a box. Guess what we did, sports fans?! WE WAITED!!!! We waited while our server monkeyed with the remote control, trying to find the Royals game on the television. This literally-- no hyperbole-- took 15 minutes. Another patron-- a doughy, white middle aged man fresh from the links and full of margarita-- wanted to watch the game. So she tried to find it. For 15 minutes. While my fiancee and I stared at one another in horrified disbelief. I could have turned around and punched our server in the kidneys. She was that close. But she WOULD NOT LOOK AT US. So we sat. Some more. After 6 hours of dining (or like, 1 and a half), we left. It wasn't worth it. I'd like to like it. I'd like to go back. I just really feel that to do so, I'll need to specifically ask to NOT sit in Erin's section. Beware.
<review# 1595,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/9/2010,4/23/2010,76,384,,6,2>For years I had heard this bar repeatedly described to me as the nastiest, dirtiest, scummiest bar I would ever see, with the most vile and insufferable clientele I could ever imagine.Well, that may be true from your perspective if your idea of a dive bar is Applebee's or Harry's Country Club.  But when you've been to as many bars as I have and seen the things in them I've seen, Calico Cat is not that bad.The bartender was pretty nice, and the other customers were friendly too.   It's not THAT dirty, and it didn't smell too bad.   It's just a regular neighborhood lounge in an old part of town that's seen a lot of years.    There's really not anything wrong with it as far as I could see.Yelp's map has the location off by a few blocks.   It's actually located a few blocks southeast of the location shown, at the SW corner of US-24 & Hardy.
<review# 1596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2010,4/22/2010,151,400,,4,3>I stumbled upon this store while on my way to visit Urban Arts and Crafts while I was in the area already. I glad I did!The people were very helpful, without being on your heel during your shopping visit.  They had a GREAT selection of nice toys, including the ones for my beagle, who has chewed up most toys we brought home from PetSmart.  She loves her "Tuffy" ring that I have for her from Petco, and was glad to find an even LARGER selection (full line) of this brand.I don't do the 'designer' brands of treats, but many were available. KSU, KU and MU designs on leashes, 'clothes' and more were available.  I didn't have much time to browse, but am looking forward to doing so next time.I really liked this place, and when they discovered that I lived in Kansas, the cashier told me of the store that they have on Metcalf/135th, as well as what is nearby so I can find it. It's right on my way to Sydney's Pet Spa! :)
<review# 1597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2010,4/21/2010,55,20,6,5,5>If you have any interest in blues, country or rockabilly music and somehow haven't been to Knucklehead's, you are missing out. Located in Kansas City's scenic (in a post-industrial, neo-depression kinda way) East Bottoms, Knucklehead's is the ultimate venue for these musical genres.The atmosphere is amazing, it's authentically honky-tonky and road housey, yet only a couple minutes from downtown. If you're lucky a train will go by, as someone is actually singing about trains (this has happened several times, and I find it far too amusing). It's the type of place where you drink a PBR tallboy while sitting next to a 300 lb. biker wearing a hat made from an entire racoon pelt. If you find this anything less than totally awesome, there is something wrong with you. Don't be intimidated by that image though, in my experience the crowds have been exceptionally civil and friendly.As an added bonus, they have food. The menu is kinda like what you would find at a state fair, heavy on the fried items. I knew I was in for a treat when I saw boxes and boxes of raw russet potatoes in the kitchen, and TWO different fry-cutting contraptions (the regular lever kind and the "rotato" style). I am a huge fan of hand-cut fries, and theirs did not disappoint. They make a damn fine burger as well. The food line can be pretty long at busy shows, but it is well worth the wait.
<review# 1598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2010,4/20/2010,195,325,3,4,4>I've only eaten in the restaurant one time.  I remember it being pretty hectic.  I think you place your order at the register and wait like 20min or so (pizza) for them to call your number.  It's like "Bingo" waiting on your number to come up and it's all I can focus on while waiting.  No conversation from me -- too distracting. There are a lot of people and kids running around.  They have drink refills but you get it yourself and that's where a lot of the activity was happening. Too much pressure for me.  I have ordered pickup countless times. You call it in and they tell you how long before it's ready.  It's always ready on time and they have a special back door for pickup orders.  I feel like this area is protected.  They show you your pizza Vanna White style and that is an exciting moment!  Grab a couple of Boylan's Creme Sodas while you are there and you will not be disappointed.  Yes, they are high but they are cold and go very well with the pizza.I love the d'Bronx special pizza. I have learned to substitute green peppers for mushrooms (personal preference) and they have never messed up on that special request.  When they raised the price from 20  to 22 dollars I was sad, but it is a recession.I like this pizza a lot...sometimes I crave it ... I like the sliced meatballs.  I recommend ordering it to go.
<review# 1599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2010,4/19/2010,530,119,3,4,9>"I bet you wish you were born in the '50's...?"I heard this from a neighborhood fellow in Brooklyn while getting a slice late one evening. I told him it was more that I just wish we had those styles available in this day and age, ya know?Luckily, ReRuns knows.  And not just that era, but every 20th Century Fashion Era.  And while I wish the 70's (and even most some 80's) fashion would just evaporate, the selection of all things vintage is available in full-force at ReRuns.Lemme clarify that.  What makes a good vintage store is quality over quantity.  And that, too, and maybe even more-so, is available at ReRuns.I'm a hard man to please. I don't just shop to shop, and I don't impulsively just buy something because it's vintage.  There's nothing worse than looking like someone has just "decorated" themselves in a style.  That's just costuming, and a Gentleman Dandy knows better.  Finding the spirit of an era is a much more tasteful pursuit, and even then, finding what works for you is more important than "just getting it because it's retro".Take a note, hipsters with 80's fetishism....Anyhow; ReRuns gets this, too.  Their stuff is always of really great quality, and their collection unique and sturdy items is evidently picked with care.  I know I can always walk out of there with at LEAST a new set of awesome cufflinks or a tie-clip, and on a really great day, a fabulous vintage suit or Pendleton shirt to add to my collection.The folks that work there are great, as well, and have always been very helpful and courteous, knowing how to help one find that special item as well, without any attitude or snobbery.I make it a point to ReRuns every time I go to Westport, and they make it a point to help me in my addiction to all things vintage.  Works out well for both of us, I'd say.
<review# 1600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2009,4/17/2010,106,152,1,6,2>They just opened a this location on the Plaza! I heard the have a couple more in the city, I just haven't been to them. They have some of the cutest dresses and tops and most of them are under $40 dollars which is a steal for the plaza. It is a boutique and everything is very feminine and flirty, lots of cute jewelry and accessories. This will be one of my stops for shopping for a very long time. Thank you!
<review# 1601,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/31/2010,4/16/2010,81,208,2,6,4>So our foray into the 'Power and Light' started with dinner at the fabled Peach Tree. I should explain that as tastes go I am a bit of a souther boy, raised with this sort of food in abundance at the table, so am hard to impress.The atmosphere was great, they have done a really nice job of creating an open relaxing view of the city without feeling the hustle and bustle. comfortable chairs, appropriate music.The wait staff was great until the very end. He was attentive (without being in our face) and prompt with all things but the check. I asked for it, it took a second ask, then it took us actually walking to the hostess to get our check resolved. OUCH! we were not short of time, but on a time table (we padded 2 hours for dinner and were feeling the push).The food was pretty good, the quality was high, portion size was enormous (so you value lovers can be sure of that). I found everything to be 'over seasoned' way to much pepper and salt. Leaving that out dinner was great. We have eaten here twice, basically the same result.
<review# 1602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2010,4/15/2010,47,125,2,5,3>Wow, ok, I will not begin my review with a run-down on why or if I'm a Thai food expert. Suffice it to say, I enjoy eating Thai food and take any and all opportunities to do so. That said, I have been here a few times and I like it. It does not hold a candle to Thai Siam in Lawrence (different style) but it is the best I've had in KC and the service is excellent.They have a separate menu for vegetarians and are great (like most Thai places) about allowing substitutions and altering dishes.I've had the Pad Thai a couple of times and it's very good. The Panang Curry is very sweet and peanut-y but still tasty. I prefer to order the Massaman Curry with Tofu. This is off the menu but one night, my companion asked if they had it and they offered to make it! Very friendly service here!I wish they offered brown rice too but that seems extremely rare in this part of the country for Thai. It's also a bit pricey but due to the dearth of good Thai, they can get away with such prices. I often get nervous to eat in OP (chain restaurants and the like) but I will be frequenting this place for sure when I find myself there.
<review# 1603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2010,4/13/2010,45,81,,7,7>I am officially obsessed with their catfish.  It is so delicious & I must have it every few weeks.  Finger lickin' good.  Two large breaded filets with great a seasoning - crisp & not greasy at all.  Comes with 2 sides of your choice, almost all of which are smoked....then again almost everything here is smoked (which is a great thing).  Smoked mac & cheese, smoked cornbread (cherry, honey, peach or sweet potato)!  My favorite sides are the smoked cabbage & the smoked potatoes (also green beans, baked beans, mashed potatoes, etc...)As a pescaterian, I can't tell you about the meat but my friends have always enjoyed it.  Where else can you get a heaping helping of prime rib + 2 sides for under $10?!   $5 gets you 3 wings (Apple, Jamaican or Mesquite flavored) + 2 sides.  They are known for their strawberry cake.My main complaint is that they close too early.  7pm :(  I usually find myself ready for dinner shortly after that, then am bummed out because they are closed.  Staff is always friendly to me.  I am so glad that C.Withers is close to my house & happy that it has made me a catfish fanatic.
<review# 1604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2010,4/12/2010,131,164,3,6,5>Delicious. R Bar is a wonderful addition to Kansas City. The drinks were, as they should be, properly created and not rushed. I had the Elder Hombre. I love ginger beer done right and this is a ginger beer cocktail mix with I believe tequila, an elderflower liquor and you know, some other stuff :) A very well balanced drink that I would absolutely recommend.   My friend ordered a julep and it was also great. He said was very good and it packed a punch!We tried the sardine wrapped chorizo for a first. It was kinda what you would expect. SALTY SALTY SALTY. Wasn't my favorite but I will caveat that with I am not a sardines fan really... It just sounded so interesting that we both, independently, decided to try it.  :) For the second, I had the wagyu beef. sooo tender. it had a great thick gravy-like sauce the sides (also sauced up) were asparagus and gnocchi.   It was excellent.  It was the perfect dish as a "I want beef but not really steak" for dinner meal which hit the spot for me.  additionally, the place was awesome for eavesdropping. Right now, it has such an interesting mix for a crowd.The range of patrons include both the arts crowd who are now dominating the west bottoms district and the trendy "i heard R bar was in esquire"  group. make your way down to bottoms. i insist.
<review# 1605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2009,4/11/2010,20,174,,4,4>Talk or TOT as it is know to most is the best south Joco bar to watch a game. Best TV's(plasma & lcd) of any bar in the area, and plenty of them (14). This is a KU bar, so you can expect to watch any KU football or basketball game with full fledged audio. Also a Chiefs bar (bleh!) so expect that on Sunday's at noon. Sunday's also offer a full brunch including made to order omelette's and prime rib until 1:30p. You can go here to watch any NFL game as the Sunday Ticket is available. Also available is the MLB Extra Inning's package so you can expect to see some of the finest St. Louis Cardinals fans watching a victory here. The food is about what you expect and just a little more. The best menu item is any of their burgers which are half price on Wed ($8.49 reg) with a side item, might I suggest the tots or hand cut chips. The spirits are right on par with nothing to exotic. Lastly, they've got a nice sized patio that allows for game watching with two lcd's nicely positioned. Check this place out on a weeknight or on your way home on Saturday night as it's sure to be busy and...you might just see me there.
<review# 1606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2009,4/10/2010,62,85,3,4,2>I was able to join some friends from Dallas and KC for dinner. Sushi was the targeted fixation and I had no quarrels with that. We met up, hopped in the car and drove....and drove. It reminded me a bit of being back in Dallas, having to drive to everything, even to get the newspaper in your driveway. Any how, we ended up in Leawood (ok, the drive wasn't long at all, but, you know...) and pulled up to the fine establishment Sushi House in all its suburban glory. Step inside and you immediately forget you are parked in a strip mall surrounded by people schlepping Baby Pottery Barn shopping bags. Large bottles of yummy Kirin Lager and a steamy bowl of edamame started us off while looking over the expansive and creative menu. We started ordering like kings, though when our order arrived it looked more like we worked for The United Nations World Food Programme loading a ship with emergency stuffs bound for Burma. Is gloutney a sin? Then please forgive me. This was a feast.  Standouts: the Tazmanian Sake salmon - pale red and buttery; the Hotategai with sweet, raw scallop and a spicy finish; and my old standby, the Spider Roll, with soft-shell crab, avocado, cucumber and smelt roe. Result:  I skipped breakfast this morning. Sushi House, I like you a lot.
<review# 1607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2010,4/9/2010,112,59,10,14,6>So right now, my car looks like I had a cocaine party in it. That's because I couldn't wait to eat my caramelized peach beignet until I got back to the office. The fried to order treat was the gooey, powdered sugary end to a delicious lunch at Nica's Café.Nica's is set up kinda like Noodle & Co. in that you choose a "flavor" and then you choose how you want it prepared. Salad, sandwich, pasta, crepe or pizza. The flavors include a variety from Italian to Thai. I got the salad greens with olive tapenade, and added the "Veg Head" which is portobello mushrooms, caramelized onion, roasted peppers and pine nuts. I was starving so I inhaled it, but oh man, the salty brine of the olives with the earthy mushrooms and caramelized onion put me in a happy place. Food aside, the space is cool. Cute cafe tables with wrought iron chairs with cushioned seats, and a "living room" area like every café should have, with a sleek black couch. You order at the counter, and they bring your food out to you. Instead of a number you get a celebrity's picture on a little stand, which had everyone from Morrissey to Marilyn Monroe. While there, I heard Mazzy Star "Fade into You". Ahhh, 90's alternative, more stuff to get me to my happy place, indeed.Nica's has breakfast, which looks yummy, and a kid's menu that I think was $4.95 and had several options. They just got their liquor license,  and I hear they are going to have a sizable wine selection, plus tea infused vodka martinis. And they have a patio that looks perfect for a little happy hour enjoyment.I work out in south OP, and I can safely say Nica's is going to be seeing a LOT more of me, it was delicious and the prices were on par with if not less than Ingredient and Noodle & Co., but a lot more pleasant as far as atmosphere goes!
<review# 1608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2010,4/8/2010,58,134,8,10,5>I just spent an hour wrecking what feels like half of the menu items Smashburger offers, so there's no better time for a comprehensive review than right now.  The place is setup length-wise with the counter/kitchen on the end and then a long seating area.  If it is busy, you may have some problems going from your seat to get a drink refill due to the line.  You order and pay at the counter, and they give you a number to bring your food out to you.  The decor looks nice...dressier than Five Guys, but not quite Blanc/BRGR.  There's also a nice-sized patio between the two doors.I started off my eating journey with a Baja Burger and a KC Hot Link.  The Baja Burger tasted incredible.  The first bite just fills your mouth with the juice/fatty taste you get from cooking burgers on a griddle.  The fresh ingredients from the Baja were the perfect compliment to the salty, juicy burger.  My hands were a mess with guac everywhere, and the jalapenos gave it a great kick.  The Hot Link didn't do much for me.  I've never been a huge fan of barbecue sauce and cheese together, and Gates is definitely not a sauce I'd recommend with cheese.I was also able to sample the KC Smashburger and a Chicago dog.  The Chicago dog was fabulous and tasted pretty authentic.  The dog had a good snap to it and all the ingredients were fairly accurate, save the crinkle-sliced pickle instead of a spear.  All the dogs come with poppy seed buns, which is quality.  The KC Smashburger is the item I liked the least.  I only had half of one, and could only eat a quarter of it.  Two kinds of onion, mushrooms and A-1 just seemed like too much.My buddy got their sweet potato fries, which were insane.  They have normal fries, but they also do them smash-style with rosemary, olive oil & garlic.  The sweet potato only come smash-style and the rosemary is a noticeable, great addition.  We happened to be sitting with Jennifer J who had some of the regular smashfries, and they hardly compare to the sweet potato.  As the meal went on, I went back to the regular smashfries and they seemed better...maybe you just shouldn't mix the two.  All the fries are narrow-cut, so they stay nice and crispy.  The major drawback of smashfries is that if you're not paying attention, you are likely to drown your fingers in puddles of olive oil as you get near the bottom of them.  They also brought us some veggie frites and fried pickles.  I learned that if you don't like pickles, you likely won't enjoy fried pickles.  The veggie frites seem like a decent option instead of fries, but they seemed a bit salty for me and be sure to eat them while hot.At one point we had a salad with chicken tenders, bacon, cheese, Gates sauce and ranch on it.  I felt healthier eating the Baja burger.  Also had some samples of strawberry and chocolate shakes.  I'm not a shake fan, but I dispatched both fairly quickly down my gullet.I have to say I thought Smashburger was making a mistake going in this location, so close to other burger-specific places, but they're the real deal.  I'd say the Baja is easily one of my top 5 burgers, and I'd really like to come back sometime and try it on the torta roll.  There are also very few places in the city where you can get a legit Chicago dog.Now if you'll excuse me, the meat sweats are starting to kick in.
<review# 1609,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/12/2010,4/7/2010,38,131,2,10,3>I may as well post this review.  I kind of wanted to wait until I made it back in before doing so, but, considering the location, I may never go there again.  I would like to try it again, however, because I believe there is potential there.**************************************************­**************************I finally made it out to Victor's.  It was a jaunt: 10-15 minutes from work to the middle of nowhere, but I felt the need.  Here it goes...I decided to get a 10" thin crust with pepperoni and sausage.  I decided on the thin crust for a couple reasons.  First, overall, I generally prefer thin over the true Chicago style.  Don't get me wrong, when in Chicago, I seek out the traditional Chicago style.  Anyway, I also noticed from a few of the possibly legit reviews [sh{r}ill reviews have since been removed} that the price might be high ($11+ for the 2 topping 10")., and the Chicago style is always significantly more expensive than thin.  Last, I didn't want to wait 30-45 minutes which is my assumption of how long it would take.  Now, on to my experience and impressions.The place was empty.  That could have a lot to do with what I think is a shiatty location.  The pizza itself was decent but needs work.  The crust was nicely charred on the bottom.  I liked that part.  There was a fairly significant  "gum line" which needs to be remedied.  The sauce was somewhat bland, especially for supposedly Chicago style thin crust, which I generally find to be quit robust and heavy on the oregano.  The sausage was ok, but they should probably use Mendolia's or Scimeca's instead.  The cheese was cheese and fine.Overall, Victor's was fine.  I can find better/closer/cheaper options without a doubt, but they did open quite recently. *I think Victor's has the potential to be quite good. I gave them the benefit of the doubt and went three stars instead of two, because it could be a damn fine place with some work
<review# 1610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2010,4/6/2010,141,38,5,7,5>Psst. I think the servers here have psychic powers.I've long been a fan of El Maguey - the name of my third period class could have been "Margaritas, Sombreros and the Art of Ditching" my senior year of high school. I consider myself an expert on their offerings. (Incidentally, it is not pronounced El MAH-gway, it is El Mah-GAY. After the plant that makes Mezcal.)El Maguey locations are pretty hit or miss. The menu is consistent, the salsa is always red, strangely uniform and a little bland (It comes free, so I don't complain) and the jumbo margaritas are always obscenely jumbo. Service and cleanliness vary.What sets this location apart is the freakishly fast service. I've been here many times now and EVERY time we come in, we marvel at the speed of their staff. We're seated quickly, drinks are on the table momentarily and I doubt if we have ever waited more than ten minutes after ordering our food, for our plates to be on the table, steaming hot and scrumptious. Freaky. It begs the questions: do they know what I am going to order before I order it? Are they Olympic waitstaff? How on Earth do they DO that?El Maguey food is decent, reasonably priced Mexican. Nothing more, nothing less. The Beef Fajita Quesadilla is always a good choice, and you can order the Burrito Rio Grande with all white cheese. Wait. Did I not mention the white cheese yet? Best. Cheese. Evah. The decor is typical Meximerican joint - sombreros and panchos, garish pinks and oranges, plaintive Mexican rock/folk piped in. It's a great hang for groups - friends and fishbowl sized margaritas are always a good move.
<review# 1611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2009,4/5/2010,553,763,4,9,6>This review is mostly about the decor and service.  I attended the pre-opening Bacchus party, so I have no idea what it will be like on regular day in full pool mode.The decor is great.  Sleek and modern.  The furniture is resin wicker loungers, couches and stools.  Outlying cabanas have the same furniture but are covered with a canvas canopy.  There are two really large bars covered with a stretch nylon canopy and there is a large fire pit at the far end.  The pool is tiled in a darker blue with a cement island in the middle which includes fountains.  The pool seems small compared to the space, but I don't think this concept was designed with swimming in mind.  Based on the Vegas like advertising, the Jones is going more for a scene then a swim.   I can't even imagine how many binoculars will be smuggled into H&R Block by their employee's.  At $1,000 a year, there might be a few interesting members on display, or a least a few fun bar fights late in the day.Employee's were all over the place.  The bar service wasn't very thorough.  Once they ran out of the free sponsored vodka (typical Bacchus party) and you had to pay, you got a lot more attention.Obviously putting together this concept cost a few coins.  But honestly, the most stunning feature of The Jones did not cost a thing.  Being surrounded by skyscrapers (KC size), the moon and the stars is a true escape.  You feel like you are in another city.  I appreciate the concept of an urban beach oasis in the middle of the city, but I can see how this easily might become douchbag central.  The concept and perception of this new venue will be in the hands of management from here on out.
<review# 1612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2010,4/4/2010,53,126,7,6,4>My favorite dive bar in all of KC.  The only place I've gotten close to getting in a girl fight in ( I would have won, by the way).  I love the atmosphere, not a single chair matches and the whole place feels like they went around to dumpsters and pulled out all the tables and chairs they could find.  The people are very laid back.  Do not expect a wide (or more than 3)beer selection in addition to some mixed drinks.  I think they might throw you out if you tried to order a martini.  The TV they were doing the karaoke on looked like it was from 1975.  I LOVE the Red Balloon, as much as I hate bar karaoke, I love this place.  I hope it never changes.
<review# 1613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2010,4/3/2010,57,268,2,9,7>This place goes straight to the top of my list!  I first noticed the restaurant after a delicious brunch at Blue Bird Bistro months back but never tried it until just now.  Fell in love with the decor inside - interesting art on the wall, nice bar area, and a beer garden that I didn't get to check out because of the cold.  The whole place felt warm, inviting, and cozy.I loved loved LOVED the red and tan quinoa and winter squash dish!  Oh so heavenly and inventive.  My fiancee ordered the grilled cheese sandwich with garlic fries...OMG I died and went to heaven.  His plate was the complete antithesis of my healthy plate.  Words cannot describe how good it was, and I completely busted my diet tonight stealing food from his plate.  I'd be happy if I had his meal as my last supper...lightly buttered bread that was crusty but not too crusty (super chewy bread sucks!) with three different gourmet cheeses melted together.  Garlic fries that weren't too garlicky with to-die-for house-made ketchup and mayonnaise.Even though we were stuffed, I had to look at their dessert menu and decided on the polenta pound cake with black pepper poached pear, candied rosemary, sweet creme fraiche, and simple syrup.  The cake was a little tough but the flavor profile of the rosemary, syrup, black pepper in the pear was incredible.AND they had my favorite beer in the world!  Hitachino Nest Sweet Lacto Stout from Kiuchi Brewery in Japan!  In fact they have half of the Hitachino Nest beers including the very tasty red rice ale.  I've been looking for this beer the past 5-6 years at every restaurant and have never found it.We also had the coolest waiter named Jason.  He gave really awesome suggestions and was really friendly.  Excellent recommendations.I MUST GO BACK!
<review# 1614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2009,4/2/2010,74,1211,1,10,8>The previous and early 2-star and 1-star reviews here are just wrong. I will state, like I always do, it is about THE FOOD first. If your palette sweet spot consists of chewing bones and slurping pizzas loaded with junk and sauced to death, you shouldn't really come here. If you are some artsy fartsy eater and everything needs to be "creative" to be good, why do you stay home and cook your own art? This place is trying to make a true Neapolitan pizza. Very little sauce and toppings... but just enough to get a taste in each bite. I had the quattro formaggio and it was very well executed. I had a bite of some cajun pizza concoction and it tasted great. In short, this is not Papa Junk or Domi"noway." The wine list is perfect. One page. Virtually everything available by the glass. Other places should take notes on this. The staff was pleasant and we had a diverse and difficult group during a busy time for the place. My only advice on food. Watch the herbs. Too much dill, oregano, etc is easy to obtain when you are really cooking and not measuring everything. Consider measuring strong herbs.
<review# 1615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2010,3/31/2010,30,103,12,7,6>Okay. I'll admit it. It took me 3 visits to Bravo before I could post a review that wasn't cloudy with maternal issues or blather about dirty martini's. The first visit was with La Famiglia...husband, children and elderly mother. The husband was not happy that he was paying the bill. The children were not happy to be in public with parents. The elderly mother was not happy because she wasn't at Olive Garden (I just threw up in my mouth!). I cannot reliably review that meal as I drank like a sailor throughout the frightening experience. The second visit was a night out with the girls. Our plan was to meet at Bravo for dinner and then head to the comedy club for a show. The best laid plans of mice and men oft go awry!  The problem was the martini's. They were wonderful. At the time, I swore it was the best dirty martini I had ever had. So we all had another round...and then another. After 2 hours and $125 later, we left without eating. Who could afford to eat? The third time is a charm. I went completely alone. My kindle and me. Sigh...it was wonderful! I started Sunday brunch  with a mimosa....nice. Then I basically came unglued when I had to chose between....Grilled Chicken and Sweet Potato HashWith onions and red peppers, two fried eggs and housemade Hollandaise   $10.99orBistecca Benedict *Two poached eggs served atop beef tenderloin medallions and Romano crusted tomatoes with Hollandaise sauce. Served with Bravo breakfast potatoes   $13.99I did the only thing possible. I ORDERED BOTH! Yay for me! I felt so powerful!  "Yes, waiter...get me both! And I'll have another Mimosa! Now off with you!"The chicken hash was quite good. I am a hash lover and make it occasionally. This was a tasty dish. I will definitely order it again. The sweet potatoes were a nice touch and not at all mushy. I requested poached eggs, and I received 2 perfectly cooked eggs. Hollandaise was adequate. The tenderloin was fork tender and really delicious. Again, the eggs were perfect. Nothing but good. Later that night, at home, I finished both meals. It really is a wonderful world when you appreciate the simple pleasures.
<review# 1616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2010,3/30/2010,339,655,2,17,8>I've been to the Westport location (now closed) 1/2 a dozen times. The service was spotty and the food was usually quite good food.However, the Plaza (new location) experience was OUTSTANDING.We wanted to go at 5 pm to beat the crowd, but wouldn't you know, at 4:45 on a Saturday, it was quite packed and had a wait on a table for 5.We put our names in for a table for 5:30 (some people were coming later) and plopped down at the bar. White is the theme of the restaurant. We loved the ambience. While sitting at the bar, we enjoyed the KU Kstate game on the multiple lcd's.What liquid refreshment could they conjure up for me? I have a sweet tooth, so I told them what I was looking for and they made some Thai basil honey liquor concoction. I enjoyed it so much that I ordered two. They don't skimp on the alcohol. The bartender Ryan was quite friendly and checked on us often. His fellow bartenders also came by. We passed the time waiting for our friends to show (and our table) by gnawing on some sweet potato fries accompanied by some wonderful homemade condiments (sweet ketchup and spicy aioli) served in a mini shopping wagon (pretty cute touch).Before we sat down at the bar, I noticed a guy wearing a Shatto button-down shirt and pointed it out to my partner in crime (she's a big Shatto milk fan). She promptly ordered an alcoholic milkshake (so large it's best shared between 2-3 people unless you don't plan to eat anything, which would be a crime in itself). The table behind us with the Shatto shirted fella asked loudly (twice) how do you like the Milkshake (my partner was oblivious till I got her attention).She loved it and it turns out that the 3 people behind us were the owners of Shatto milk, a family operation. We chatted back and forth a few minutes till their food arrived and he handed out his business card. You can expect a review of their farm to be coming up, though, unfortunately, I can't sample their dairy products (lactose intolerant).Anyway, at 5:30 sharp, the hostess comes over to us and asks if we're ready to be seated. I said 5 more minutes and she said that it'll be ready for us. Our friends arrive and they promptly seat us. No wait!Our waitress came by often checking on us, made good suggestions, checked out the food for some dietary restrictions and got KC originals cards for our friends. She served us with a smile and it was enjoyable to be served by her.The new location is much larger, so you feel less cramped and there may be less lines, but thankfully for them, they have quite a lot of business, so I'm not so sure the wait will be all that less. Then again, I want them to flourish! What did I eat? On top of my 2 drinks and sweet potato fries, I ate a Kobe Beef burger and it was to die for. Every bite was a little piece of heaven. They put some interesting toppings on the burger (I can't identify the vegetable) and they complimented it quite well. Of course, I had to smother it a bit with their homemade aioli and ketchup. FYI: They tend to put butter on many things, so ask in advance if you want them to go light. You won't have an option with the bread as there is butter baked into the bread itself. I CAN'T wait to go back!
<review# 1617,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/18/2010,3/29/2010,123,113,6,4,4>Ok so there is some controversy surrounding Sakura.  Sure it isn't the best sushi in town - I have yet to find really good super sushi here in KC - someone educate me please.  Sure sometimes the service sucks.  Sure they might not have all the fancy schmany rolls available on the train.But dudes - IT HAS A SUPER COOL TRAIN!!!  choo choo!!!And there is a waitress there that I love.  She is this tiny little older lady and I love her forever.  She posed with me for a photo.  She is my hero.  My friend and I ordered off the menu and we ended up with this huge platter of sushi.  I think it weighed more than she did but she got it over to us.  I have had sushi on both coasts and it has all been better than anything I have gotten here.  But you get what you get in the midwest and you go with it.  I don't expect super awesome melt in your mouth divine intervention sushi here in KC.  But I do expect something edible.  When you are at the bar you need to get there when it is busy so the items are coming fast and fresh.  Or you order off the menu and pay a little more.  Anyway, sometimes the staff is not super nice or speedy, but overall it isn't the worst place ever.  It is always clean and I haven't ever left there hungry.  I would say 2 stars cause I have had better but...I give it three for my lady and considering it is the midwest...3 it is.okaybye.
<review# 1618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2010,3/28/2010,122,77,3,7,7>Coffee for coffee snobs. Know this, dear reader: The Roasterie is not your ordinary coffee dive. This isn't merely some cute neighborhood hangout or local hipster haven (though a fixie or two can usually be found chained up outside). This place is a caffeine-peddling evangelizer, spreading their gospel and encouraging all to accept their particular type of air-roasted coffee as their personal lord and savior. These guys are supremely confident in their product, but heck, they're allowed--the stuff is darn good. Boasting the best coffee maker ever produced by humans (the one-cup-at-a-time Clover), a bona fide tasting menu that would make any wine sommelier blush, a relatively diverse collection of patrons, and a sleek ultramodern-cum-40s-Art-Deco-Streamline motif, the place is probably the best (only?) truly sophisticated java joint in the city. A note, however. Roasterie founder Danny O'Neill doesn't really do "dark" the way many of us like it. As a rule, Roasterie specializes in lighter roast coffees, which they do a phenomenal job with. You'll be able to pick out all of the origin notes and subtle flavors that might otherwise be obscured by the darker (French, Espresso, Spanish, etc) roasting processes. Just good to know when you step inside! Enjoy!
<review# 1619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2010,3/27/2010,108,140,5,6,4>I like the concept and I like the location in Corinth Square. There's not another really good burger place that far north in JoCo. The problem is that my burger just wasn't that great. I'm going to give them 4 stars anyway simply because I couldn't just order a burger the way they wanted to give it to me.I'm a sucker for a burger with jalapenos on it so I went with the Ring of Fire burger. The menu promised an onion ring, pepperjack cheese, jalapenos and chili. Chili on a hamburger really gives me the creeps (it's even worse on a hot dog, I don't want the ground beef mixing with the encased meat, it seems like that would be an incredibly gross texture) so I ordered the Ring of Fire with no chili. The problem was that without the chili, the burger seemed like it was missing something. That something was not Tabasco and ketchup (house made ketchup that had a more smoky than sweet flavor, it was quite nice). The onion ring on the burger was huge, like it came from some Three Mile Island (or should we say Chernobyl?) onion. All that being said, the burger part of the deal was well cooked and had a nice flavor.I ordered skinny fries (the best kind of fry and I will fight you to the death if you disagree) and they were quite good. It's hard to mess up skinny fries unless they're oversalted or undercooked. These were neither. I've had better shoestring fries in town, but these are certainly not anywhere near the worst. I'd be interested to try the truffle fries next time or the pick 3 combo which allows you to pick 3 of the fries/onion rings/sweet potato fries options for double the cost of one.They have 8 taps which are a little New Belgium centric (3 of New Belgium's brews are featured including the embarrassingly ordinary Ranger IPA). They do have Boulevard Tank 7 on tap and 2 Free State brews including a seasonal option from Free State which is what I had. In this case it was the Storm Chaser ESB and it was excellent. They also have another 20 or so beers available in the can including just about every craft brew that is available in the can in KS.I sat at the bar and witnessed a little bit of the only been open a week tension. It was entertaining to see a manager type person chide the bartenders for serving cans of Boddingtons with New Belgium Ranger IPA pint glasses instead of the unbranded ones the bartenders were using as the tops to their Boston shakers. Unsatisfied with the bartender's response that manager type person told another manager type person and he came over and tried to tell the bartenders which glasses to serve with the cans of beer. I could hardly contain my excitement waiting for the next manager to come and tell them to use the unbranded pint glasses, the whole thing reminded me to put the cover on my TPS report. Unfortunately for my excitement, the 3rd manager never came over despite the fact that the bartender was still sending out beer cans with the Ranger IPA branded pint glasses.The whole thing cost me $20. I'm not sure that's a great value. Well, that's not true, I know it's not a great value. It is a nice place with good service and good food. Their bar is excellent, there was talk that they even smoked their own bourbon. I don't drink much liquor and didn't even know this was a thing, but another bar patron was enthused enough about it to ask for a sample. The bartender also said that my buddy Ryan Maybee from Manifesto (by buddy, I mean Ryan doesn't know me at all, but I might be considered a stalker) designed their cocktail menu. I don't know if that is true or not, but it makes for a good story.I'll definitely go back. It's kid friendly, though, as j.s. pointed out, this area of town is full of older people and BRGR was full of them. The seats are fairly uncomfortable, but not so uncomfortable that it takes away from the experience. It's not a barstool you'll want to sit on all evening drinking beers and watching one of the big screen TV's in the bar area. But for a drink and a meal, they're fine. There's a wide array of burgers to try (including a juicy lucy) and the build your own mac and cheese sounds intriguing. Give it a shot.
<review# 1620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2010,3/26/2010,38,51,12,6,3>Blue Koi,Did you know I love you so much that as part of his wedding vows, my husband promised to take me to you as soon as we got back from our honeymoon?It's true.  As soon as we got back, we headed down 39th Street and I happily ate my fill of Crispy Tofu w/ Awesome Sauce and Veggie Pan-Fried Dumplings.  In the winter, we've made a habit of splitting those two dishes, and splitting a big bowl of the Shitake Mushroom w/ Braised Tofu Soup.  That meal is the perfect antidote to a cold winter day, and we've indulged many times over the last few months.You make me happy to live in KC, and should I ever move, trust that I'll be there, in tears, begging for your Awesome Sauce recipe.Love,Katie
<review# 1621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2009,3/25/2010,247,223,,8,4>Authentic Italian pizza:  In Italy, there is a society that certifies authentic pizza and pizza restaurants.  That society certifies only two types of pizza as being truly authentic to its history:  Margherita and marinara pizza.  While Margherita pizza is widely available in the US, marinara pizza, which includes no cheese, is very hard to find here, perhaps because it is difficult to hide poor quality ingredients when there are so few ingredients.  Well, this place has marinara pizza, as does the more upscale Blue Grotto.  They both pass the minimum "authenticity" test.  In addition, Pizzabella has ovens imported from Naples (where pizza was originated).  Of course neither restaurant could be certified in Naples as fully authentic, since that would require a particular variety of fresh tomatoes and cheese from Italy, a long period of specialized chef training, etc.  Pizza in the US is usually New York, Chicago, California, or St. Louis (ugh) style.  Pizzabella is closer to the real Italian style than the US styles.  I also was impressed by the very fresh butter lettuce antipasto.Although located in the Crossroads area, where parking can be somewhat difficult, this restaurant has a parking lot on both sides.  Either can be used after 5 pm.  Before 5 pm, there is diagonal on-street parking in front and near the restaurant.  The list of wines by the glass and Italian beers is very good, and the espresso is first rate.  Pizzabella has the feel of authentic pizza restaurants in Naples.  But one thing is missing:  an antipasti buffet.  In Italy, antipasti from the menu are common in more upscale restaurants, but pizzerias usually have an antipasto buffet, from which you choose whatever you want.  That buffet consists mostly of versions of Italian peperone (a kind of pepper, not Italian-American pepperoni sausage).
<review# 1622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2010,3/23/2010,45,184,,10,4>I followed Amber here from the Darling room and the name suits the place perfectly. I LOVE the magic she performs on my naturally curly hair. Most stylists just don't know how to work with curly hair and let themselves get intimidated, resulting in a mediocre 'perfect' cut. FYI: Curly hair does not do well when cut 'perfectly'.  Not the case here. My hair is always amazingly fun and easy to deal with after I leave the I Love You shop. Being a stylist myself, I tend to go longer than the suggested touch up time but no worries..a great haircut can and should last longer than most. The space: located inside the very cool Hammerpress studio, the 2 chair setup is nicely appointed with the most comfortable and peaceful vibe you can find. Great tunes, too.
<review# 1623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2009,3/21/2010,48,51,11,5,4>If Colgate offered a personalized toothpaste flavor option, I would want mine to taste like McCoy's mac and cheese. That's how freakin' good it is. I have never had anything here but the macaroni and cheese. I do not intend to ever have anything here but the macaroni and cheese - not because I don't love a gastronomical adventure every  now and then, but because I. Love. This. Mac and Cheese. Yeah, it's just noodles 'n dairy, you say. Sure it is. If noodles and dairy can be the most creamy, rich, comforting concoction you have ever put in your mouth, ever. I usually have the cook throw in broccoli (for fiber!) and pieces of fried chicken strips (because the fat in fried meat cancels out the fat in baked cheese - what? You didn't know that?)I'm knocking off one star because surely SOMETHING on the menu must be crappy, and I feel it would be unfair to give a restaurant five stars based solely on one item.
<review# 1624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2009,3/20/2010,222,511,4,9,6>This little whimsical store at the edge of the 12th St Bridge in the West Bottoms is a delight for the eyes.  Upon first entering, I wasn't quite sure what to expect.  My thought was that it would have tons of cute, overpriced local stuff that just kind of sat around your house with no real use and some clothing.  Well, I was half right.Good JuJu has wonderfully cute stuff and best of all, none of it is overpriced and you'll find yourself inevitably needing something there.The outside is extremely deceiving.  Walk in and you expect to enter a tiny store.  Instead, it's this huge mammoth, warehouse-like space that's fancied up.  There's tons of stuff with which to decorate/furnish your home.  And practical too!  Everything is antique, vintage, midcentury and/or repurposed but in such a lovely way.  Different artists bring in what they've fixed up and it sells in this store, which, unfortunately, is only open once a month (first Friday, Saturday and Sunday of the month).  But this just gives them time to collect the best treasures around.Some of the great items I saw there: repurposed wine and glass rack, beautiful, ornamental mirrors, dressing tables, bedroom dressers, lots of lamps and just adorable knick knacks.  If you need to add a little more flair to your home, head here, but just on the first weekend of the month.
<review# 1625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2009,3/19/2010,728,115,17,9,10>What do you do when you move in with a stranger you met via Craigslist who lives up to their name and is, well, strange?  How should you respond when you find them laying on your floor with your candles lit?  When there is a tarot party with self help tapes as the background music the night you have a guest visiting?You find a bar.  A bar that you can safely stagger home from because avoidance of home life will lead you to be there for long periods of time.  Make sure said bar is inexpensive because you will likely drink a lot.  Said bar should not be full of crazy people, like the one that is likely trying on your lingerie and lipstick right now while uttering affirmations into a full length mirror.Oh re:verse.  I kind of hate it when people say "I heart you" out loud.  But I do.  I heart you.  I can happily drown my discomfort sorrows from 2:00-7:00 Sunday-Friday, and then again from 9:30-Close most nights if its necessary.  A whopping block from my oddity ridden apartment, I spent quite a bit of time here.I only went the cocktail route once, at $5.00 it seemed worthy of tasting the Rose Water Martini.  I was unimpressed I must say and quickly switched to beer, Boulevards at $3.50 seemed like a smarter bet anyway.  If I drank a bunch of liquor its likely I'd throw the tarot cards in the toilet and smash the speakers spouting tips on loving yourself and attracting money.  The atmosphere is fantastic, although I do advise arriving early as the bar area fills up quickly and people tend to be in no hurry to vacate their seats, understandable.  I reached my boiling point with the wacky roomie and peaced out, but had I stayed through another uncomfortable month its entirely likely this would be my local joint.  Nice spot for avoidance or enjoyment.
<review# 1626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2010,3/18/2010,24,37,10,12,9>Yo Brunch and Lunch, I'm really happy for you, and Imma let you finish, but Farmhouse dinner is the best meal of all time.Maybe not quite the best of all time, but ohmygodthisclose.I've been waiting for dinner here for a while.  The day I came to look at apartments in KC, I tried coming here for dinner, and it wasn't open.  I've been waiting that long (4 months).  The wait was worth it.  They have small plates (which I ordered 2 of), and entrees.  Great for sharing or getting your own.  They also have their liquor license now.My body is still trying to figure out what just happened.  Chickpea fritters and chocolate pecan pie, man.  That's what happened.  I have no idea what was in the fritters other than chickpeas and apples, but the rest of it was just nirvana, pure and simple.  The pie had me texting friends and taking photos.  It was that good I just felt terrible not sharing the experience with someone.Also got a spinach salad.  It was okay.  Nothing out of this world, but definitely fresh and crisp and with a house vinaigrette I don't think I've ever seen before.  The goat cheese was a nice touch.I think Farmhouse is trying to make up for those weeks without a liquor license.  I ordered a glass of wine, and they really should have put an asterisk on the menu:  * denotes GIANT goblet full of wine.  Thanks guys!Pricing was a bit puzzling: their polenta entree cost only a dollar less than the quail (I think).  The burger and veggie burger prices were really inexpensive.  My meal, 2 small plates, a dessert, a glass of wine came to $24.  Still, not bad for fresh local ingredients.Service is still great.  No big flaws. The chef even checked in on my meal and my dessert.  Nice touch.Just another charm I noticed:  the menu is adorable.  Next to each item, there's a cute icon dictating what's in it (veggie items have a carrot, pork items have a pig, poultry a partridge, etc etc).  Makes it really easy to navigate.One suggestion: open an ice cream stand in the City Market this summer.  Farmhouse will win hearts, minds, and bellies with their rosemary ice cream and champagne sorbet.  Maybe even create world peace.  Think about it.And one thing that was really lacking: someone to rub my belly and call me piglet when I was finished.  But that may just be a personal preference...
<review# 1627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2009,3/17/2010,50,183,10,13,8>If anyone suggests this place to you as THE place to go for Mexican food in Kansas City, you have a new best friend. I don't think it is possible to find better Mexican food in Kansas City. There may be a couple places that do it as well, but I don't think it's possible to do it much better.It's still a tiny little dive, even after the renovations a few years ago which replaced the floor and ceiling and generally tidied the place up. Telenovelas play on a dingy TV atop a refrigerator in the corner, and the daughter bustles around the dining room dropping off steaming plates of tacos and tortas to be devoured by a constant flow of clueful lunching businesspeople from nearby offices and Mexican nationals who know what proper Mexican food is all about. Somebody's grandma sits hunched over, stuffing masa into a hand-cranked tortilla press, then dropping the resulting deliciousness onto a cast iron griddle while her oldest son mans the flat top.Actually, I don't know any details about the family situation, but that's the fantasy I enjoy indulging in.Yeah, so the English speaking in this place is occasionally spotty.  Who cares? The main server speaks plenty enough to take your order and ask, "Everything OK?" as she rushes past to deliver a tamarind soda to a nearby table. But if you're nervous, just memorize this phrase, it is all you will ever need in this place: "Yo quiero cuatro tacos al pastor, por favor." Or if you're in the mood to really take it over the top (with bacon, rice, and beans): "Yo quiero alambres al pastor con todo, por favor." Apply onions, cilantro, pico, lime, and hot sauce to your taste.If al pastor isn't your thing, there are other tasty treats to try here after you've had your pork-hatin' head checked by a professional (exceptions made for observant Jews and Muslims). The lengua is pretty amazing; I prefer it on tortas, but it's great as a taco topping. Unfortunately the carnitas are hit and miss. I've had some that were not very good, but not bad enough to justify less than five stars. Look, just go already! Tacos under $2 of this quality are worth a drive from anywhere in the metro.
<review# 1628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2009,3/16/2010,133,258,,8,4>I have to say first off that I really loved Potpie. Not for its originality, but for really good, filling food in a charming and warm atmosphere. And for the the chocolate croissant bread pudding, which may actually be the best thing I've put in my mouth lately. A lady friend and I treated ourselves to a celebration of fall at Potpie last week, and we took the recommendations of those who had reviewed it here and friends' experiences, and we were not disappointed. We started with a shared bottle of the Malbec, which was delicious, and the brie and spinach tart. Though I will admit that it was slightly different than I had imagined it, it was also delicious, with lovely wilted spinach and warm slabs of melting brie. I didn't really care about the tart crust underneath when you had that and the delicious sauce. The basket of bread arrived as a perfect compliment to soak up the sauce, and we both wished it had come just slightly earlier for more of that action. My friend then had the beef and mushroom pot pie, on the recommendation of our waitress. It was steaming hot and rich and lovely. I had the well-regarded pan-roasted chicken, and it did not disappoint. I wouldn't say either were new versions of these dishes; instead they were just those dishes done absolutely right. When followed by a shared portion of the bread pudding (with cream), it was a wonderful meal. This place makes me think of Fanny back in Brooklyn, and I hope to become a regular here as I did there- it's just really lovely and sweet and well-done. I would recommend reservations- I did not regret having made ours for two on a Wednesday night. But it's a cozy spot with really good food. (And just writing this made me want to go back.)
<review# 1629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2010,3/15/2010,54,74,5,5,7>The Bristol really gets me.  I enjoy a leisurely night out with friends, drinking and eating as we please.  Order a small plate, drink a cocktail, bitch about work, order another small plate, etc.  The slow pace of service might bug all of the Kansas Citians out there that love to get in and out of a place as fast as possible.  The Lemon Basil Manhattan made me fall in love with bourbon again.  You see, when I was a young and foolish 22 year old, I use to guzzle Old Crow like it was water.  I am not sure how my liver survived, but since this very awful period of my life I just have not ever been able to get back into bourbon.  I want to love the bourbon, I love the idea of being a bad-ass lady drinking bourbon.  I just love being a bad-ass.Anyway, back to the Lemon Basil Manhattan.  I love the idea of herbs mixed with drinks.  It's just an interesting dynamic that takes a cocktail to a whole other level.  So when I read it on the menu, I got very excited, but then my liver recoiled remembering the days of Old Crow and bad decisions.  When the bartender came over my liver said no, but my mind said yes.  It came out, and I was in heaven.  This drink is just magnificent, and everyone should order it.  It has brought the bourbon lover back out of me.  God bless you, Lemon Basil Manhattan.  I dream of you every night and every day.  The happy hour is a hell of a deal.  4/5/and 6 dollar plates.  A pretty limited vegetarian selection, but the goat cheese bruschetta is amazing (although I do agree with Matt that the deconstructed nature of it is pretty annoying).  Their cheese plate is very good as well.  White cheddar, taleggio and gorgonzola with pickled raisins, raisin toast and these sweet and sour cherries that I dream about almost as often as the lemon basil manhattan.  The taleggio is one of the most mild taleggios I have ever had and it absolutely melts in your mouth.  The cheddar is cheddar, and the gorgonzola is gorgonzola.  But the taleggio is absolutely unique.  With all of the brie lovers in the world I am not sure why taleggio has never taken off.For the oyster lovers out there, they have 75 cent oysters.  I am sure they are wonderful.So, thanks, Bristol, for helping me to love bourbon again and for allowing me to have the leisurely night that I love so much.  You're the best.
<review# 1630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2010,3/14/2010,2544,833,11,11,8>I've been anticipating Hamburger Mary's opening ever since I first read they were coming to Kansas City. I had been to other locations before, and was (happily) surprised they came to KC. I wasn't sure how such an overtly gay business would do with the straight majority in Kansas City, which i think any operation of it's size would probably need. If last night was any indication, I think it'll do just fine.The restaurant is pretty damn hard to miss. On the corner of Southwest Boulevard and Baltimore, it's the giant purple building on the corner. I feel like the building still looks a tad unfinished, but i bet in time it'll be polished up. When you walk in, the building is split into two distint sections, to the left a dimly lit bar with a small stage that I understand will be used for things such as karaoke, trivia and bingo. I didn't really get too good of a look, but it seems nice enough. To the right: the restaurant, the part I'll focus on for the rest of my review. I have no real complaints w/ the service. Our particular server didn't really seem to know what was going on, but the place IS brand new, and she was friendly as all hell and eager to help us, which is better than the service I've received at many places before. I kind of assumed that most of the employees would have been super hot gay guys, but it ends up that there are people on all levels of the spectrum, which i appreciate. One guy was just a BIG guy with a beard and equally big hair. When he turned around? flowers in the back. I LOVE LOVE LOVE that the staff members are comfortable enough with themselves and their surroundings to do something like that. BTW, there were still a couple of beefcake hot employees. I'm looking at you, bartender. growl. The food menu was limited, though next week they unroll the entire thing. The boyfriend and I both quiet enjoyed our meals. He had a turkey sandwich, and i had a wrap. the wrap had black beans and a nice spicy sauce of some kind. i'd definitely eat it again. The place is cheesy as all hell, with loud colors and dance music. Typically a line like the one i just typed would make me vow to never return to a restaurant again. But not this time. I really enjoyed Hamburger Marys, and I look forward to many future visits. BTW, this place is going to be the shit for summer drinking. Lots of garage doors to open up and a nice rooftop patio, great for people watching in one of the most interesting parts of town. I will probably avoid on First Fridays, as it'll be slammed, but any other time is fair game.
<review# 1631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2009,3/13/2010,189,280,4,9,5>Obsession is an understatement!My hair was at Code Red Terrorist Damaged Level after going far too many months without a cut.  I turned to my trusty fellow Yelpers in hopes of finding a place to save me.  You did not disappoint!There's some construction going on in front of the building Skyline is in, and they were courteous enough to call me about half an hour before my appointment to let me know I could walk by the yellow tape and that the front door was open.  That in itself was super nice.I walked into the sunny, open 4th floor and was immediately offered some tasty citrus water (I saw others with sodas and glasses of wine).  Cori was my stylist and she is incredibly nice, cute and really talented.  I had no idea what the F I wanted to do with my hair, other than just try to save it and make it look healthy again.  Cori fixed me up with a style that actually gave my hair the illusion of looking longer...MAGIC I TELL YOU.  She showed me exactly how to style it as well. (Not that I will ever in a million years be able to make it as cute as she did.)So wrote me a "prescription pad" of all the products used during my cut.  Skyline uses Bumble and bumble products as well as some other fancy things thrown in the mix.  When money isn't murdering me, I'll go back and splurge on a ton of products.  Cuts are $45 so it's not a horribly expensive experience.  This is dorky, but I'm excited to keep going back to Skyline.  Again, obsessed.  They generally only accept cash tips but the owner was awesome and let me add it on my credit card, since I was a newbie and obviously didn't know.  Did I mention they handed out free Bomb Pops to people getting their hair cut?  This place is awesome.
<review# 1632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2009,3/12/2010,227,613,12,17,10>Before I begin, let me just say Tuesday's are $1 taco days. . . . Sigh . . . .my bladder is full to bursting, my stomach to the point of catastrophic rupture, and my mouth is STILL drooling as I try to gather my thoughts for this review. Here goes nothing . . This is the BEST spot for tacos in the metro. And if you ever come in here at lunch and see the lines of Mexicans, then you would understand. These tacos are so delicious, you might even fight a brother or two. Bonita Michoacan is a grocery (wannabe east-coast bodega), paleteria (frozen treats), and restaurant all wrapped into one. And quite honestly, the grocery is amazing. Plantains and onions at .69 a pound. INSANE prices. And the produce is fresh too. If I were a Mexican, I would have to say this is my one stop Mexican shop. But the star of the show, is their finger licking good tacos. And if you aren't careful, you might accidentally eat your fingers while devouring these suckers. There's everything from Carnitas, Carne asada, Lengua (Cow tounge), Barabacoa, Chicharon, heck they even have Borrego tacos! And for those of you that don't understand, that means LAMB TACOS!!!!!! Are you kidding me??? And let me tell you, I was so sprung on the Carne Asada taco's, I didn't even get to try the rest. The tacos are served traditional on two corn tortillas with cilantro and onions. You can request them not to put that on there, but you would be a grade A stupid idiot to do so. On the tables are your typical fare of green and red sauces (green my personal fav) and fresh pico de gallo should you choose to add more sexiness to your already sinful taco. If you are a taco fan, you need to own up to your distinction and head to this place ASAP.
