<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,1/18/2013,544,272,8,15,12>Up for air again, for a review of something to which I have tethered myself, so that it may guide me and pull me through life, including and especially through the next week.  Yoga Mayu entered my life when I needed it the most.  For focus, for bending, for positive affirmation that everything is okay, and that now is the best time.  Okay, Spencer Johnson, pipe down. But really.  Yoga makes the world better, and Yoga Mayu makes normal yoga even better. Thus, simply put, Yoga Mayu is the best of the best.The classes are more fun that those I was used to at Bend, and I've decided it's the combination of the physical space- so much bigger and brighter, and the teachers.  I have had my butt compassionately kicked (the best kind of butt kickin'), and I always leave incredibly more stoked than when I walked in.  Fav recommendations are Jackie, Gizella, and Caroline.  Thank you, Yelp, for your encouragement, because since I moved away from Nopa, I have had trouble finding a yoga place I can afford, and that is close and easy to get to.  The Yelp Deal that you offered really made the one month class card feasible.  Thank you to Yoga Mayu as well!Ideally, I would have started coming here well before I was studying for the bar, because it's super fun to come to an afternoon or evening class, then walk either over to Coffee Bar on Mariposa or Dear Mom, just across Harrison, for a drink and a bite. Okay, that's it... back under water... in 3....2....1.....
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2012,1/17/2013,1141,417,4,16,14>We found Yi Yuan Szechuan on Yelp one late night last week.  Our friends were flying in to SFO and there weren't many options open around the area.  We tried to get a reservation somewhere in San Mateo but figured it would be too crowded or too late by the time we headed back to the city.Yi Yuan Szechuan is right off of El Camino in Mllbrae and they open late!  Until 10 pm which is unheard of for a lot of restaurants in the city and area.  I was impressed by the array of choices on the menu but we decided to order 7 dishes for 4 of us.  Yes, that was a lot but we enjoyed trying out everything!Pork and Corn Dumplings: I loved the addition of corn in my dumplingsBeef Ramen with Clear Broth: these were there hand pulled noodles which I enjoyed but the flavor was so so for the broth.Seafood Tofu Soup: Delicious and abundant for just a medium orderGreen Onion Pancake Wrapped in Beef: These were amazing and I loved the cucumber addition inside the pancake which I haven't had from any other place.Spicy Peppers with Chicken: This red pepper dish with treasures of chicken buried insidePan Fried Dumplings: The skin was a little heavy, I would opt for the other dumplings next timeDan Dan Noodles: These had a great spice to them but were a bit greasy on the bottom.Will definitely be back when I'm in the area!
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2012,1/16/2013,888,264,8,13,11>The Golden Gate Park Pitstop!On the prowl for a new breakfast joint within the Richmond district, I stumbled upon Velo Rouge Café. 4-Stars, one $ sign, and close to home -- Yep, I had to check it out. Upon entering VRC, at first glance, I thought my directions lead me to a Mike's Bikes or Citizen Chain since the exterior (and interior) was decked out with overwhelming bicycle memorabilia. I'm a foodie, but a bike enthusiasts, so I was ready to flip a 180 and search up a new place to chow down but actually saw that people were eating and being served food. What the hey, why not. "Breakfast served All Day"I like you guys already.MCALLISTER SCRAMBLE SANDWICH - $6.95 : yelp.com/biz_photos/HjKR…This open-faced badboy consisted of 3 scrambled eggs, bacon, grilled onions, mushrooms, spinach, and feta cheese, all toppled over two toasted English muffins with a side of house potatoes. THIS WAS SO MUCH FOOD (see picture). The scramble sandwich was PACKED with grilled onions, TONS of mushrooms, a GARDEN of spinach, and smokey BACON everywhere. The muffins were exceptionally nice too, with the tops crispy, and the insides warm and chewy, just like how I like em'. Hands down, one of the best and hearty $7 eats I've had in a LONG time. MT. VENTOUX BREAKFAST SANDWICH - $4.95 + $1.25 (AVOCADO) : yelp.com/biz_photos/HjKR…They begin with grilled egg, smokey bacon bites, and jack cheese and melt all that into your choice of a croissant, bagel, or English muffin. It's a small eat, but very portable and packed with your breakfast essentials. Don't forget to add the avocado! What makes VRC 5-stars is not because of the bomb breakfast nor how affordable the food can be, but it's the customer service.I came here today (8/16) and I had to write this review because of their outstanding service! Putting all the bicycle photos and wacky bike-inspired furniture and bike references, you have a small coffee shop with a few outdoor seating spots. Intentionally, my girlfriend and I wanted to dine-in since it would be more convenient but all of the tables and chairs were taken, so instead, we just got our order to go. (Why not take a walk into Golden Gate Park and have a little picnic, right?)The staff acknowledged our request and changed our dine-in order to a to-go. Another one of the staff members rushed outside just to make sure there wasn't any open spaces or tables that needed to be bussed. Nope, still all full. No biggie.After about 10 minutes, our to-go order came out and was brought to us, along with 2 additional plates and utensils.The staff member asked if we would still like to dine-in since a table actually opened but since we already had everything in to-go containers, we said it wasn't necessary and didn't want to waste their container. He insisted and said it was perfectly fine, with the biggest smile I've seen at 1PM. With a smile like that, we decided to dine in with out to-go order. Of course, the food was excellent, but as I was washing it all down with the coffee I ordered, it had a really strong sour pungent taste to it, despite adding my usual dosage of sugar. Maybe it was just me but I asked one of the staff members if it was normal. With any no hesitation whatsoever, he said he would make me a new beverage immediately and noted that VRC's coffee is just like that and quite strong since it's Blue Bottle coffee and individually dripped (I'm a Blue Bottle virgin, I admit it). But within minutes, my new beverage was out and ready to go. Very affordable eats.Fresh ingredients all made-to-order. Local Richmond district hidden gem.Blue Bottle Coffee, if your a fan.and of course, the Amazing Phenomenal Service.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,1/15/2013,541,99,13,24,19>This one is way over due!I was literally looking for an apartment in the Marina or Pacific Heights just because I could not stand the fact that there was no yoga studio in North beach. Yoga became that important to me, even more important than being able to walk to work. But no, I did not need to leave my beloved parrots, neighbors and cafes - Glow Yoga came to North Beach and saved the day!Glow is more than a yoga studio. It's a community. It's a way of life. I have been going to Glow since it opened last year, and it has changed my body, my mind, my spirit and even my social life. Natasha, the owner, has done a fabulous job making sure the space is serene, open and radiant. She is always requesting and incorporating feedback. The teachers are a great team of different styles that come together in harmony. I have been taking Amber's and Mona's class for over a year and hate when I have to miss them! Their different styles really complement each other and it's pretty much the same with the rest of the group. Oh and the candlelight restorative class on Fridays is an amazing way to kick off the weekend!Glow also offers Pilates classes with Marianne (fabulous to tighten up!) and a variety of spa/skin services performed by Maniveo, whose skin is definitely the best advertisement!This studio is my place of refuge at the end of a fast paced day. I come in, breathe and am reminded of what really matters. I am in my body, surrounded by all these fabulous like-minded people I now call friends. I glow. Come glow with us!
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2012,1/14/2013,1811,649,14,20,16>I'm a girl who truly appreciates cleanliness. But if it's not clean, it's not clean; it happens, I get it. When it is, though, I notice and I'm a fan. This place's bathroom is CUH-LEAN. Maybe it's because of its name (and yes, I giggled for about a minute before my date would allow me to walk in so I wouldn't embarrass us any further).EATS+Got the large soy sauce base with no add-ons and loved it. A hefty squirt of Sriracha and we're in business. It hits the spot on a cold, rainy San Francisco day.+The date ordered some cooked salmon and added a raw egg to his large miso-based udon. (I liked mine better, though that egg really made the soup creamier).Super-cheap eats, amazingly clean establishment, and solid service.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,1/12/2013,500,388,19,15,13>Here's the deal --James Moisey and Shane LaValley are the best there is. Plain and simple. They wake up in the morning and they cook excellence.Dear Eight Pound, Six Ounce, Newborn Baby Jesus, don't even know a word yet, just a little infant, so cuddly, but still omnipotent. I would just like to thank you for bringing Rickybobby into all our lives and for introducing me to my new favorite burger.Lord baby Jesus, we thank you so much for this bountiful harvest of the juicy delicious Beef and Bacon Burger with the bacon and beef ground together to form the perfect burger with 2 delectable patties, for the the spicy, yummy Crawshrimp Grits with spicy shrimp broth, and loads of crawfish and house sausage, and chicken drums braised, glazed, and sprinkled with sesame seeds and served with house blue cheese dressing. Let us not forget the perfectly cooked french fries and their ranch dressing. We thank you for the genuine and unpretentious service, excellent photographs on the wall, and the chance to watch some of best of awesomely cheesy, awesomely bad, awesomely awesome or awesomely 80s films projected on the wall. I will be back.Amen.Shake and bake!!!
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,1/11/2013,1602,405,9,23,23>MY FIRST REVIEW OF 2013, AND FINALLY ANOTHER TATTOO!ADDING TO MY COLLECTIONFor awhile I was looking to add another piece to my collection.....of tattoos! I turned to my trusty ole Yelp, and searched for tattoo shops around me. Tuesday Tattoo was the one that caught my eye, I checked out both the artists portfolios (Jesse Tuesday and Hannah Wednesday). Hannah caught my eye and she looked like someone I could work with, which is so important because you need to be comfortable with your tattoo artist! So, I immediately called the shop and was able to book an appointment with Hannah 3 weeks from the day I called, not too bad of a wait! BUZZ BUZZFinally, the day came and I stepped my nervous self into the shop and was greeted with nothing but friendly smiles. I met Hannah, she was extremely nice and down to earth, so naturally I felt comfortable with her doing my tattoo. I gave her the quote that I wanted, gave her some time to draw something up. When she brought out what she came up with, I was in love! It was perfect and elegant, it gave the quote so much more meaning ("Time Waits For No One). I got the tattoo on the left side of ribs to somewhat match the quote I have tattooed on the right side of my ribs. Hannah checked up on me every now and then during the tattoo to make sure I was doing okay, as getting a tattoo on your ribs is EXTREMELY PAINFUL. THE BEAUTIFUL OUTCOMEAfter we were done, I somehow managed to get my sleeping legs off the tattoo bed and onto the floor. I waddled my way to the mirror to check out my newest edition and I was so happy, the tattoo was beautiful and elegant and the size we chose was PERFECT! I'm so happy I found Tuesday Tattoo and Hannah. You better believe I'll be making my way back to this shop the next time I have an idea for a new tattoo in mind, which might NOT be too long from now. =XLOVE TATTOOS
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/28/2012,1/10/2013,1284,595,9,10,8>If Yubbi were near my hood, I would potentially pay it another visit when I'm jonesin' for sushi. It's not, though. It's in the Inner Richmond and because it's not close, I'll more than likely never eat here again given it didn't knock my socks off...or my boyfriend's socks off, for that matter. Aside from the fact that we ventured out a little into a neighborhood we don't normally visit, it was not a memorable experience and 'not memorable' is the kiss of death for a business that is competing with hundreds of memorable establishments. We had miso soup, gyoza ... ... ... see! it was so NOT memorable I can't even recall what we ordered three days ago.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,1/9/2013,1437,1094,12,14,14>Their menu reminded me of In 'N' Out's menu because it was concise and simple, BUT their burger, was*salivating* SO SAVORY!  They have a different, unique taste to their beef patties and it tingles your taste buds!  My friend and I got their garlic fries topped with shredded cheese!  It was, undoubtedly, yummy as well!  yelp.com/biz_photos/supe…They have an all you can eat pickle jar near the condiments area!  It definitely adds zest to the burger!Super, duper burger joint - great for grabbing tasty, affordable burger during lunch hours!
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,1/8/2013,35,147,14,20,14>Truth be told: The first time I came here, I thought that the ice cream was great. However, when I saw the soda fountain, I thought, "What kind of idiot would spend $8-$10 on an ice cream float?!" Well, I'm happy to announce that I'm that idiot... Seriously...Let's start with the ice cream. Home made ice cream is awesome. Period. Given the amazing ice cream places that SF has to offer, I'd say that this copares to many of the popular ones. Everything is clean tasting and fresh. There's a reason why there's always lines out the door. The first time the Manpanion and I stopped by this fantastic place, we spent about $5 for three scoops (something like that). For price and quality, we were definitely going to come back.Fast forward a few weeks later.... A dear friend of mine bought be tickets to a special event The Ice Cream Bar was hosting. At the event, we got to sample the savory food, ice cream, and soda. Holy Jeebus. I was in a total sugar coma at the end of the night! Anyway, this event totally changed my mind about the soda fountain. To make a long story short, when you're looking at the soda fountain selections, you need to think about it the way you would think of a cocktail at a bar. Yes, you would spend $8-$10 on a cocktail. So there you go.I've been there quite a few times and there isn't a single drink I haven't fallen in love with. (Yes. I usually pass the ice cream bar and head straight to the soda fountain.) If you're into root beer, try it here. It'll be the greatest root beer you've ever had! FYI - The root beer float is garnished with a toasted root beer marshmallow. WIN! If you're a cola person, try it here. This cola is actually very light and has a citrus-y tone to it. It's surprisingly refreshing - especially in the summer. My favorite drink (if you want something light and refreshing) is the Bonne Vie No.2. The basil and grapefruit notes are perfect! As for something not so fruity, I'm torn between the Touch of Grey and the El Borracho. Seriously, anything you try at the soda fountain will be a total treat! However, if this place becomes over-crowded because of my awesome review, I'm going to start punching people who rudely get between me and my Bonne Vie! You've been warned!
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2008,3/16/2008,219,323,21,17,19>Oh Fishbowl, let me count the ways.....1.  Your bartenders are friendly and always hook up free fruity shot concoctions.2.  I want your secret closet full of booze.3.  I love your bouncer and he loves me.  He bought me lots of whiskey shots cause he likes my shit talking skills.  Bouncer, in the future, me and whiskey are like water and oil.  Don't mix.  But thanks for the love.  I will profess my love to you again next time and shower you with hugs.4.  People show up here in costumes all the time.  Thank you for letting me steal your blonde wig weirdo.5.  Girls are frisky in this bar.  Like the one who kissed me.  Then I got frisky and slapped her a couple times.6.  Dudes wear board shorts and flip flops to this bar in January.  I had to make fun of him.  Hey, this ain't SD, mmmmmkay.....I have decided to take a break from you Fishbowl.  You make me feel pain the next day.  Thinking to myself:  Come on and check yo self before you wreck yo selfSaying to Fishbowl:  Cause bitches like you is bad for my health.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2007,3/15/2008,290,223,22,38,43>Comfort.Is my ratty Ugg slippers. Is my flannel pajama pants and 10+ year old favorite t-shirt. Is reading a good novel under the covers in my uber-comfy king-size bed. Is spending a leisurely Saturday morning with a person who knows you inside out and feeling that amazing connection found once in a blue moon. Is Brenda's sweet potato pancakes with pecan praline syrup, Brenda's cream biscuits smothered with homemade peach jam, Brenda's extra-buttery grits, Brenda's potato hash and Brenda's fried oyster and bacon omelet. Brenda, you got soul. Your food made me so happy that it caused me to display random acts of kindness all day for no reason other than that I felt giddy, warm, happy and loved after having brunch at your restaurant. The answer to world peace may be in Brenda's sweet potato pancakes smothered with a brown sugar, pecan and butter concoction that could make anyone forget about differences in religion, politics, or why you broke up. Why should such trivial things matter when we can focus on the things that really matter in life, the things that unite us as humans: good food and good company?
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2008,3/14/2008,490,1086,31,38,42>Miyako serves a very important purpose. Miyako makes me feel better when Boy is out of town on business. But not too much better. Just one-scoop better. OK, some nights are two-scoop nights.  I love Mr. Miyako behind the counter, he is always so super friendly and sweet. Sometimes I secretly just go in to see him.This is our neighborhood ice cream joint and I come in from time to time when I need to nurse my wounds with ice cream (like Ube, Green Tea, and other traditional and non-traditional flavors). And/or cigarettes. And/or coffee. They have it all!!! And Mr. Miyako! He's just SO DARN NICE! Jubili may have moved in across the street, but that's just frozen yogurt. And everyone knows Frozen Yogurt doesn't do ANYTHING at all to help with the lonelies.Miyako's the place to be for frozen treats (and cigarettes. and coffee. and sandwiches and hot dogs.) in this neck of the hood.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2007,3/13/2008,1218,738,19,43,49>spending a thanksgiving morning with some fellow yelpers, volunteering at the food bank.... life is good. feels good to give back to the community. we all know sf isnt a cheap place to live. being able to give back even just a little bit to those that need just a little more to get by is a wonderful thing. one in five in sf goes hungry. with the amount of personal wealth we have in sf, this is just unexceptable. please volunteer your time and donate what you can. thanks ak for organizing our little thanksgiving morning event.march 16th 2008 rotd edit:woohoo for me rotd , but this is too little info so ill add some more.sf yelpers have raised and donated almost *cough* NINE THOUSAND DOLLARS *cough*. this is especially huge considering each dollar you donate to the food bank, they give out nine dollars worth of food *cough* $81,000 worth of food *cough* to so many different, local charities. the sf food bank donates the food to places that feeds sf. how was this money raised? simple, lots of yelpers donating their time and effort. thanks guys, this is review is for you guys.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2007,3/12/2008,324,330,48,40,40>Me: Whoa momma, you have got to taste this.*bowls are exchanged*Her: (in a slightly hushed revered tone) mmmm... that is so tasty. .........Me: Okay. Time to give it back. Seriously..... LISTEN WOMAN!! I AIN'T PLAYIN' WITH YOU! GIVE ME BACK MY RAMEN BEFORE I JUMP ACROSS THIS TABLE AND SHOW YOU THE BUSINESS SIDE OF MY HAND!!!Her:...Me: Daddy's sorry baby. You know I didn't mean any of it. It's the ramen. It makes me crazy and I just love you so much...We stumbled into Katana Ya after a surprisingly cold morning of shopping in Union Square. I had the ramen and she, the udon. The dishes were hearty and fantastic. We both left rejuvenated and slightly warmer. Until the service is a little better and until the place isn't so dumpy or slightly dirty, Katana Ya gets 4 slurptastic stars.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2008,3/11/2008,525,127,30,38,44>Work is no joke this month and I really wanted a day to do nothing and watch playoffs. So last night, I wanted late night takeout to ice the cake. I wanted the transgression of eating calorie dense but thoughtfully made food without having to cook, look cool or be drunk after the club. So I came across Oola. I looked at online menu and it looked way better than the burger at Grubsteak idea I had. I called in the order and the host was patient with me while I kept flip- flopping with my order. He said it will be ready in 15 minutes so I rallied to get my ass off Yelp/the couch. If you're driving by, you'll pass it. It's on the same side of the street as Lulu and very understated. You walk in and the house music was in full effect. So funny and so perfect for a late night SOMA scene. The host was really cool and prompt getting my stuff and asked if I wanted a drink without giving me the bums rush. I'll have to eat inside next time. I ended up getting the roasted beet salad, baby back ribs, fries and a side of chard. Given the road I was going down food-wise, it was really good. I'm in a roasted beet phase so I loved the salad. They did not slow cook the bacon in the swiss chard. The greens were fresh and the diced bacon was browned a bit and stood up well to the bitter greens- I wonder if they used pancetta? The shoestring fries were good and even held up till I got home-no half order of crispy fry bits from the bottom of the fryer either. Lastly the baby backed ribs. The meat fell off the bone. "Whoa"(50cent voice). It was 12:30 at that point and the "itis" was settling in. ...............zzzzzzzz............I wake up at 2am on the couch to Chuck Norris and his "total gym" ad thinking, "I hear you Chuck, but I'm about to let you down again son". I went right back and nuked the rest of the ribs. I had to....they were gooood. That's why we workout ;)I'd give it 5 stars but I think I only got part of the experience. I don't know what the service is like but I'm going back soon. UPDATE:Went there tonight and sat down to eat. We had a blast and the service was great. I like places with good lighting but dark enough to not let make you stand out-think Bourbon and Branch. Of course, it might be a different scene on a late Friday or Saturday night but I'm sure they are used to it. I'm bumping up to 5 stars.Go!
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2007,3/10/2008,475,184,30,40,36>For my 2nd visit to Salt House we were to meet up with some friends for a Sunday night dinner. My BF had never been, so I was really excited to introduce him to the beautiful brick room with the crazy Quixote-esqe mural... and to one of the most amazing foie gras presentations EVER! We arrived a little early and opted to wait at the candle lit bar. Salt House offers house-blend wines in the most adorable little bottles in small, Medium, and LARGE sizes (small = 6 oz.), and while I'm generally a little leery of "house wine", I opted for the Pinot Gris / Chardonnay / Sauvignon Blanc blend, which was surprisingly really good! ...as I'm writing I'm feeling pangs of regret for not slipping that cute little jug of wine into my cute little purse! But I digress.So far, everything about Salt House is lovely. As it was a Sunday, the bar was quiet, the tables, full (with the exception of a 4-top that I  assumed was ours), and my BF is soaking up the exposed-brick and steel-beamed ambiance. But, glancing at the time, where, oh, where are our guests? Good question.OK, so long story short, we were stood up! Yes, stood up! (Euge *cough* drunk in the East Bay *cough*cough*)  : \ But stuff happens, and all's well that ends well... we stayed and made a date out of it.We opted to share some small plates and one entree, with the possibility of dessert to finish. Of course we had the foie gras (served 2-ways -- "cured", terrine-style, & sauteed perfectly with huckleberries ... or were they lingonberries?) which was amazing! I could have made a meal of it with a salad. But I didn't.Next, we shared the crispy shrimp with green beans, almonds & Serrano ham. Wonderful! Crisp green beans & almonds, sweet, crunchy shrimp, smoky Spanish ham!  We also shared the mixed greens with baby chiogga beets, apples & Crater Lake blue cheese. I know, I know, typical. But I'm still a sucker for the classic sweet beet - pungent cheese combo!For the entree, my BF opted for the wild striped bass. Sadly, by the time it arrived I was so stuffed on foie gras and shrimp and stuff that I was only able to enjoy a small taste... a taste that was not at all disappointing! Everything was wonderful. Salt House offers a well-balanced wine list, a full bar with interesting cocktails, and what looked to be yummy dessert options (hello apple turnover thingy with butterscotch!!). Just be sure to bring a hearty appetite... and the more guests the merrier so you don't gorge yourself on foie gras like I did.But MAN, was it worth it.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2007,3/9/2008,465,700,35,32,32>So I'm gonna lay this one out for you in layman's terms, because I think that is the only way I would understand it too.This place is in a garage...its neat.If you get here right when they open, they are very accommodating for parties of 10 drunk folk...that was nice.They have yogurt and strawberry flavored soju....it is delicious.Then we got a lot of Korean Food.  Seriously, I don't know what we ate.  Calamari and Beef stuff?  Some soup?  Chicken Wings?  Rice Cakes?  Pancake?  The trick is to go with people who know what they are doing, and let them do the ordering.  They will do you right.  We even got a guy who apparently lives on pizza to eat spicy Korean food.  And he loved it!  So 5 stars to any place that can change someones life long eating habits.  I just met the guy but i got a little teary eyed when i saw the life changes he was going through.I really need to venture out to the Sunset more and eat yummy food.  Its seriously another world out there.  Who knows what lay in other garages?  Discos?  BBQ restaurants?  Meth labs??  If more places like Toyose opened their garages to the public....we could find out.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2007,3/8/2008,704,190,38,31,43>My CrAzY Chinese-Filipino parents vehemently believe so much that everything that happens to you on New Year's Day will mystically and inevitably determine how your life will turn out (at least until the turn of the next year).Imagine my dismay as December 31. 2006 slowly bled into 2007 and my  night was one horrible happenstance to the next. The first stop of the night: a party of the living dead. No feelings present and no emotions employed as bland strangers with dead eyes (Tyra Banks would have been DISAPPOINTED) stood and murmured to each other. I left for fear that these zombies would start feasting on each others' limbs at the drop of the ball. I didn't want this night to portend of frigid flesh-eating beasts.The next stop was what the State Agency would call an "extreme fire hazard" but was officially known as a "Castro House Party". We parked illegally after riding around for half an hour, burrowed our way into a jungle full of hard bodies and drugged queens, and counted down the hours surrounded by self-centered strangers. It was kind of sad. As 10 rolled into 1, everyone in the tightly packed room was vainly looking around for someone to make out with, debating whether the 3-foot distance could be closed in the 6, 5, 4 seconds left. We resigned ourselves and left a few minutes after midnight.Now I was sure the next year was going to be nothing but whorish loneliness.Driving down Market, dejected, deflated, as only the New Year can make a person, we passed by Martunis and decided to (again) park illegally and go in. The night couldn't get any worse anyway and we had to use the restroom hecka bad.Walked in, someone immediately put a silver hat on my head and hugged me a happy new year. Straightt to the restroom line, struck up a conversation with a genially good-looking guy also waiting, instantly achieving a better mood, and ended our bathroom-line courtship with a kiss. Then went into the piano room where everyone was singing Total Eclipse of the Heart. It was the best thing  that could have happened all night. My friend and I ended up staying until almost 2 am singing dramatic piano-driven pop anthems and overwrought  broadway ballads.It was bliss.Now I knew, my year was going to be amazing. Who cares about flesh-eating zombies and being alone, when you have cheesy gay music, random kindness and friendships?On January 1, 2007, Martuni's saved my life... At least until 2008!
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2008,3/7/2008,368,167,41,34,41>Brazil is an amazing country.  They have one of the seven great wonders of the world (Christ the Redeemer), a phenomenal international soccer team, unbelievably decadent parties (Carnival), innovative hair removal techniques, and Bossa Nova.Bossa Nova is a restaurant worthy of the sexy music that is its namesake.  This small and intimate place makes for a great weeknight date spot.  The staff is wonderful about making you feel at home.  They're well prepared and delighted to explain any of the unfamiliar dishes on the menu.Sit down to a little Moqueca and a glass of Caipirinhas and you'll be teleported straight into a land of extravagant festivals and sultry music.  (Editor's note: There is a small shrine by the door.  The music is inspired.  The waitresses dress in soccer outfits.  The only thing missing from the quintessential Brazil list, thankfully, is hair removal service.)
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2010,8/11/2010,281,420,15,20,18>Bocadillos comes in second place in my book for tapas spots in SF. I love the feel of this cute spot with the exposed brick and red walls! Lalola in Nob Hill gets 1st place and I'd have to choose Zarzuela as #3l.There wasn't a wait last night around 830 when the two of us arrived.  We decided to start at the bar and have a glass of wine to catch up.  After hearing about the Cali Mixto, I decided I had to try it.  Red wine + coke. Awesome, with just the right amount of sweetness going on.  The bartender was outgoing and eclectic (or maybe I was a bit tipsy coming from Happy Hour), and gave us some great recommendations.  I let Matt, another fellow foodie choose what we'd be sharing... -Housemade chorizo with sweet and hot peppers-Fried brussel sprouts-Sardines with kiwi (i think) and pomegranite seeds-Some sort of cod/mussels combo with chickpeasFavorites were def the chorizo/cabbage combo and fried brussel sprouts (though the other diner thought they were a bit dry, but I love anything fried, so...).  The sardines were definitely missing something and didn't look appetizing, nor did they taste good. Too fishy. The location is fantastic in charming North Beach/nicer part of the financial district.  I also love the sleek community tables and bar seating with the high stool-style chairs.  Would come back for sure!
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2010,8/10/2010,2145,704,29,37,35>Update: 7x7 Magazine's 2010 list of 100 Things To Try Before You Die: Best PizzaReceived a call about lunching here and agreed based on name recognition alone. I'd say believe the hype. Pizzas are all 12" and they don't do by-the-slice, but you can probably finish an entire one. The $11.50 Margherita was really good. The $17 Prosciutto Pie was on the salty side but it was still finished. Also recommend the Spicy Cauliflower (didn't know cauliflower florets deep-fried "w/garlic, capers, breadcrumbs and calabrian chilies" can be so dayum good!). Didn't have camera at the time or else there'd be food p0rn pics.Even though I'm not used to extra thin crusts (made slices flopped over when picked up...the outer edges are crispy and fluffier though), it seemed appropriate here and I wasn't about to question tasty Italian-authentic pizzas, nope. There are so many items to try - with daily unique toppings specials - that a return trip is necessary and well, mandatory...what with both Bi-Rite and Tartine only steps away.The staff was friendly and helpful, giving suggestions and prompt responses from requests. And yes, the place is small and is popular so must put your name on a chalkboard. There are outdoor seating with heat lamps so that's a good option. Lots of hipsters show up of course, and saw many drinking glasses of wines while waiting. This pizzeria is located next to the Delfina restaurant proper which, fyi, only opens at 5pm for dinners...This review is dedicated to VickyL for bookmarking the place...Milestone: the 10,000th compliment's review! :D
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2010,8/9/2010,802,711,29,31,32>I haven't been here in ages. Carlos, the owner, is a friend of mine as well, so I would like to disclose that tidbit before I write this review.I came here tonight for Daniel L and Marti L's UYE party. Catering to roughly 30 ppl is not an easy task for both the host/hostess and the restaurant but the event went smoothly, the company was great, met a lot of people, and the food was fantastic. Usually when you get a bunch of people and order family style, you really can't get the essence of the food. The food is a lot better when the party is more intimate. You can then really appreciate the intense ingredients that is used in their dishes.Notable items:Believe it or not, the bread and salsa is one of their highlights. On weekdays they use this regular bread but on weekends they have this fresh baguette that is awesome with butter and their fresh home made salsa. The salsa is a creeper. It doesn't taste spicy in the beginning but once you get onto your third and fourth bites, it will hit you. I usually pass on bread because it is a filler, but I just can resist it here.Arroz con pollo..............my favorite.  It looks and taste like a paella with chicken and pesto sauce.  Very fresh, vibrant and a rather light taste to a very heavy dish.Fried fish with garlic........not on the menu but Carlos will hook it up.  Best descirbed by susan and philip........everything taste good when it is fried.  This dish however is very intensely infused with fried garlic.  The garlic is very strong and you will be smelling for a while.Lomo saltado...........beef strips with french fries and rice. I know......sounds a little weird but it was great Fried Chicken......love the fresh lime juice and pepper that it comes with Paella...............Awesome You really can't go wrong with any of the dishes here. Again. Great job Marti and Daniel for setting this up and thank you again for the dessert.  That was a great touch at the end of the night to give us gift cards to Mitchell's.  Mitchell's the ice cream parlor and not Mitchell's the one on Polk and O'farrell.  Although that would have been a better way to end the night.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2009,8/8/2010,324,158,17,16,21>*drool*This is some goooood chicken,Definitely finger lickin'!So juicy and yummyHappy in my tummy!Sweet potato fries,Tasty chicken thighs.I don't even like breast,But this was the best!Chiccarones, I'll have to pass;They were far too tough, alas.The chicken soup was good,As chicken soup should.The wait was long,But how could you go wrong?Chicken this good,Try it, you should.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2009,8/7/2010,320,120,21,14,20>I never believed in love at first sight, until now.................................I cook in my hello kitty apron. I drink out of my hello kitty sippy cups. I write on a hello kitty notepad in my meetings with top execs. I eat off my hello kitty plate and use my hello kitty untensils while everyone else uses expensive glass. I cut my food on a hello kitty cutting board. I hold my important files on a hello kitty USB. . I still tie my hair in pigtails here and there so I can use my hello kitty hair ties.  Everything is just so cute!When I walked into this store, my heart skipped a beat ( if only this can happen to me when I see a guy!) There was so much selection and everything was organized. The girls who work here are super friendly and they stay out of your way while you salivate over the inventory. The things are so cute, you overlook the rediculous pricing. The store was big and stocked from floor to ceiling. I still remember the feeling so clearly.........My heart fluttered, I couldnt stop smiling, I was walking on clouds, there were hearts and stars surrounding me (literally), and I knew..............it was love at first sight!
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2009,8/6/2010,331,322,17,19,21>Provided you don't try to, you know, do anything like eat or drink around here, you're guaranteed a really good date or time out with friends. Maybe even your out-of-town relatives (unless they're no fun), or your curious kids.It's like Big (the movie) minus that one wacky machine that messes with your age. OK, then I suppose it's not like Big at all.This old-timey penny arcade feels like what I imagine the old Playland at the Beach was like. Stories about SF history (centering mostly around Playland) are scattered throughout the big warehouse of old-timey arcade games. Laffing Sal (enormous, creepy laughing doll from the old Playland) still holds court in her large, creepy glass case. My visit was one of my favorite payday lunch dates, and I'm definitely coming back. Bonus: penny flatteners!
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2010,8/5/2010,865,177,13,26,18>Classy . Comforting . Cool . San Francisco Old School . Hidden in the Presidio National Park is a long, rectangular wood-framed building erected in 1903 as enlisted men's barracks. This space has  been tastefully renovated to house the Presidio Social Club, a restaurant specializing in classic American comfort cuisine. Step inside and you'll be transported to an entirely different space and time. The open room is cleanly decorated with simple colors and retro decor. Large wooden tables look out onto the green Presidio park scene from wide wall sized windows.  A long white marble bar with leather stools and adjacent palm trees provides the ultimate old California flair. The menu carries on the mid-century theme in its design and features simple brunch and dinner fare of classic American comfort food. We started our experience off by sampling some of the specialty house cocktails carefully created by the bar. The Presidio Pink Lemonade ($11 Meyer Lemon Vodka, Limoncello, tinted with campari), the 100 Reasons Rye ($ 8 Manhattan Variation w/ Triple Sec ), and the Sidecar ($8 Classic brandy drink from the 1920's) were delicious and a welcome beginning to our meal.The menu offers only a few options of comforting American Classics (about 13 main courses ranging from $15 to $22). Side dishes, salads, and appetizers are also available. We began our meal with the Island Style Tuna Poke ($11 with Housemade Kennebec Chips ), the Grilled Artichoke ( $7 with Blue Cheese and butter), and the white bean specialty soup of the day ($3). Perfectly proportioned, savory, and satisfying.Our choice main dishes included the Fried Chicken with  Smashed Red Potatoes ($19), an orange glazed Pork Shoulder with Cannelli beans ($19), the PFC Meatloaf  with Sour Cream & Chive Potatoes ($18), and the chef's specialty pasta with pork sauce ($15). Portions were generous and service was fabulous. Presidio Social Club is the perfect pick for a family dinner, a lively brunch, or an old school cocktail date. It's unique atmosphere, attentive service, and comforting classics make it well worth a visit. Go, let the jazz music play, sip a cocktail, savor a meal, and enjoy the feeling of being in a mid-century private club.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2009,8/4/2010,871,695,34,23,22>Positioning and timing have a lot to do with a good experience.  For example....Good looking guy hits on a good looking girl.At the gym.At 6:30 am.While she's on the treadmill.Listening to her iPod.Chances are, it's not going to be a pleasant experience for either of them.Take the same scenario and move it to later in the day at a coffee shop, you got yourself a potential good time.I am a firm believer that the sushi bar is the only place to eat sushi.  Sitting in the front of the restaurant at a regular table, you are destined to have a shit time.Zushi is no exception.In fact, Zushi is a prime example of how too much of a good thing will indeed kill you.  I guarantee that if I let Roger @ Zushi feed me for the next two weeks, my heart will explode on site from too much goodness.I can't say enough about how awesome Zushi is.  You just need to experience it for yourself.  Let Roger do his thing for you, keep your mouth shut, and I promise you you'll get better raw fish than Jaws himself.  I'll end it with this. Roger is a sick and twisted bastard - in the absolute best way possible.  I would tell you what he gave us as a final plate but I am afraid if I do, everyone will start asking for it and he'll stop serving it.  I'll just say rice, fat, fire & a pissed off goose.Butane.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2009,8/3/2010,655,244,14,27,24>I love the Green Festival because it has literally changed my life. It's so inspiring to see how many businesses and services can function in a green and ethical way. I believe most people care about the welfare of our planet but are overwhelmed by how many things we need to change but it all starts with personal choice. I started with small steps. I was starting to buy organic and familiarized myself with current environmental issues but it was my bf who asked me to give up plastic water bottles and opt for filtered tap water in a reusable bottle. At first, I hated the idea and thought it would be tedious and inconvenient. How could I give up plastic bottles when it was so easy? I still recycled them. Isn't that good enough? But I knew I couldn't convince anyone to "go green" when I wasn't willing to even give it a try myself. Within days, I couldn't imagine why I ever wasted my money or energy on plastic water bottles when I could drink from my eco-friendly (and cute) Hello Kitty sigg bottle. It's been three years now and I've officially gone to the GREEN SIDE. And I've never looked back!I would recommend the Green Festival to anyone that is willing to give environmentalism a try. It will open you up to so many things to help the planet AND ways to better your life. I know it did for me. Here's some highlights:-I was looking for a new phone company last year and the Credo Mobile booth happened to be there. I had so many questions and their reps were patient and willing to answer all of them. We must have talked for at least an hour! It's been a year now and I couldn't imagine ever leaving them. I love their costumer service, the coverage, and the fact that a percentage of the money goes to nonprofits and we, as customers, get to vote on where it goes! The Ben and Jerry's free pint coupons didn't hurt either. ;)-The speakers were inspiring, particularly Ellis Jones who wrote the book, "The Better World Guide" and talked to us about how our dollars should be seen as votes. It is hard for one person to change the world but as an educated population we should support the companies that hold our values at their core. Every vote and dollar counts, every time we buy something.-I can't believe it but I even changed my bank! New Resource Bank specializes in funding green businesses and projects and gave me a free Green Zebra guide (usually $25) for signing up with them. It's been nothing but smiles ever since. I love banking somewhere with excellent customer service. When I call, a REAL human being always answers. I can choose checks made from 100% recycled paper. They also pay for the fee from any ATMs I take cash out of so I never have to worry about finding a specific ATM like I used to with Bank of America.-Green Festival is a great place to get your shopping fix! And you can feel good about the businesses you support here. They have vendors for everything including organic clothing, jewelry, candles, soaps, tea, chocolates to others like green coffins, greeting cards made from elephant poo, and conflict free diamond rings. It's a mixed bag but an interesting one at that.-I can't resist free stuff. Last year I got organic chocolates, recycled paper notebooks, Honest and Numi tea, tote bags, soap, cereal, lip balm, a zillion coupons, etc. YAY!-The food vendors are delicious. I had to mention this since this is a Yelp review. I ate a very meaty veggie corn dog, Three Twins ice cream, organic Japanese curry, crispy and hot french fries, cheese and white corn enchiladas and more. PIG IT OUT!Get hungry. Get inspired. Get to the Green Festival, I'll see you there!greenfestivals.org
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2010,8/2/2010,353,254,16,20,17>i've always been curious about elite cafe, but have always walked past, thinking that i'd never be able to get a table during brunch hours.  also, at around $14 a pop for the heavyweights on the menu, i wasn't sure about brunching here on the regular.  ...however, a friend suggested it, and i happily obliged, thinking that a new brunch experience was in order.surprisingly, we were seated right away.  we both ordered the bloody mary, and my friend had a coffee and oj to go w/that.  (thirsty much??  hehe...)  i don't usually order a bloody mary so my review is a little skewed, but i can say that i enjoyed it.  not over-the-top spicy, and came w/ several veggies.  i ordered the corned beef hash on toasted biscuits, topped with poached eggs & bechamel sauce.  wow, those biscuits were delicious!  despite being topped w/eggs and bechamel, they weren't soggy.  they were just right - - slightly crunchy and soft.  the poached eggs were also perfectly cooked.  (- - i always seem to get poached eggs that look like turds, unfortunately.)  the headliner of the brunch (the corned beef hash) was pretty good.  sadly, it doesn't replace my #1 spot on my corned beef hash list, as it was just a tad too tough for me.  despite it being a runner-up, i'd certainly order it again, as it was delicious.the servers were all smiles and were very attentive.  one of them opened the door for me, and the friendly owner even stopped by our table to chat w/my friend and also introduce himself to me.thanks to my friend's suggestion, elite's definitely on my brunch list!
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2008,2/1/2009,802,711,32,29,29>Wanted to try something different on a Sunday afternoon and I remember bookmarking one of Nobu K's review on this restaurant called Miller's East Coast Deli on Polk st. I think I bookmarked it like around 4 months ago or so and I knew i needed to try it. I don't live that far away from here but my friends and I were getting a little tired of eating pho and ramen. We wanted something different. This is my second time eating Jewish food so I am not an expert in matzo balls or lox. However, i am familiar with pastrami, corn beef, and fried chicken. I came here with two of my other friends that I dragged along and we ordered the fried chicken, onion rings, corn beef and cabbage, and the Truman hoogie. The Fried chicken was very juicy and the batter was light. The corn beef was a little dry but the potatoes and cabbage were great accompaniments. The onion rings were fantastic. The sandwich was OK but nothing really spectacular. I think we just ordered the wrong type of sandwich. Their menu is very extensive and you can probably come here for 2 months straight and still won't be able to try everything. While eating, my friends asked me who referred me to this restaurant and I said one of my friends from yelp. Then from the corner of my eyes I see this Asian guy walk by us to refill his coffee Lo and behold it was Nobu k. So, I pointed at him and said "that guy getting coffee." Keep in mind that I have never met Nobu in person so I was very surprised myself. While he was leaving I asked if it was him. He said yes and we chatted for a bit. The weirdest thing about meeting random people from yelp at random restaurants is pretty crazy. I met his girlfriend and she says that she only lives a block from the restaurant. I said "I know more about you guys than you think I do...............and your mattress is still very unforgiving?!? Nice meeting you guys. Thanks for the tip on the fried chicken.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/25/2009,1/31/2009,1088,215,31,33,30>I'm glad I'm not a hostess working Belden Lane. The worst would be slow, rainy weeknights, putting on the Red Dress, and smiling wide to hook in some diners with carnal appetites. But we had reservations, and wouldn't be lured away from Dining About Town at Plouf.Plouf en français means "splash." But it sounds more magical, like POOF! to me. All night, things at Plouf would start to go bad, and then, PLOUF! it would get saved at the last minute which left us puzzled what to think.Our reservation was for 7:30pm but we didn't get seated until 8:00. We were about to complain when, PLOUF! the charming hostess swung by and said "Pleez do not 'ate me, zees people won't leave. We weel 'ave your table rrheadee vehry soon!" Aww, how cute. And they comp'd our wine at the bar.We sat down and waited a bit. Eventually the chipper server arrived and took our order, we just wanted tap water to drink. Bread came, then our starters. But no agua.... I looked around in desperation, as a piece of delicious, buttered bread was lodging itself in my parched throat. PLOUF! The eagle-eyed manager aka genie appeared by my side, "Do you need something sir?" I closed my eyes, wished for water, and it was there in seconds! Zeut alors! I should've wished for more wishes.The curried cauliflower soup was outstanding, delicately creamy, with a swirl of spicy complexity. The salad greens were hearty and fresh, with a perfectly coated subtle vinaigrette. Cue the wait for our mains.PLOUF! Just in time our salmon on polenta and moules frites arrived. The broth of the mussels was a tad too milky, but still fragrant and delicious with the tender, heady mussels. The salmon was perfectly cooked but a little too fishy with the addition of roe. The polenta was creamy with an interesting tang but lacked personality. The portions of each were perfect.Yes, you guessed it - our penultimate wait of the evening was for dessert. Just when we thought we should skip it, PLOUF! our waiter shows up and explains they're making it now. Profiteroles? Wow, aren't these just fancy ice cream sammies? Shouldn't this be pre-made? Ok, so really our order got lost and it showed up eventually.To summarize, the food, portions, wine (try the '06 Sutra Zin') and ambiance (despite how loud) of Plouf are fantastic. For Dine About Town they didn't skimp out. The servers, hostesses, bartender, and managers are friendly and nice. But something felt off. Perhaps it's due to Dine About Town craziness, but the need for multiple saves and apologies left me feeling roughed up by my Belden Lane pimp.3.5 * stars
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2009,1/30/2009,311,173,17,22,33>Ocean beach.... I love you! Its true, ocean beach is usually foggy and cold. I love it though. I appreciate living in a city and having a beach near by. I find myself coming here almost weekly. Ill get a coffee on my way and just sit along the edge of the beach. I usually sit atop one of the giant cement walls that line ocean beach near where the great highway and fulton meet.I have come here after break ups and hardships. I simply look out upon the people walking the beach. I see lovers holding hands, the kites and streamers in the air, the surfers in the water, and the children running around. When i come here I feel less alone.  It gives me peace and comfort knowing such beauty is near. So next time you are feeling down. Come here. Grab a coffee and just enjoy the wonders and nature that make San Francisco such an amazing city.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2008,1/29/2009,156,126,21,31,39>"Saving the world one sandwich at a time"All throughout my life, I've always been a big fan of anything between two pieces of bread. From PB&Js and Oscar Mayer bologna as a kid, to gourmet turkey/pastrami sandwiches at famous delis, to banh mi, stuffed pitas, submarines, and po boy's, I've loved and savored all different types of sandwiches. But one of the biggest reasons why I like sandwiches so much is because of one special afternoon at Quincy's. When I was working in San Francisco, I had a client in the Tenderlion/Civic Center area (a rough/depressed part of town). I was walking around Market Street looking for a place to pick up lunch and saw a huge line. Not knowing what people were waiting for, I jumped at the back of the line and soon found out I was waiting for one of the best pastrami sandwiches on the west coast. Quincy's pastrami is one of my favorites as its freshly cooked every day and thinly sliced. It is not only very flavorful with the smoky flavors of cured meat making your taste buds dance, but its also super warm and moist that with one bite you will feel like you're making passionate love with your lunch. The meat is encased between two pieces of sliced bread and is customizable with you favorite veggies. A piece of fruit is also included in the meal and will cost you around $5 or $6 in total.But I digress. On this one special afternoon, I walked into Quincy's for an early lunch because I was really hungry and ordered a pastrami sandwich to go. As I walked outside, the first thing I noticed wasn't the huge line that had formed (and feeling how lucky I was to beat the crowd), but a homeless guy walking past the line. By the looks of his face and the sound of his stomach, I could tell he was very hungry. In a flash, I caught up to him and offered him my sandwich. He was a little dumbfounded at first, not knowing if I was genuinely offering him a sandwich, but eventually took it and quietly thanked me. I never thought anything more of it until a couple of days later. The same homeless guy I helped was at Quincy's again, but this time he had two sandwiches of his own in his hands and was offering one to another homeless guy. He saw me and gave me a smile after handing the sandwich to the stranger. In that brief exchange of looks, I knew that this was his way to pay me back for my generosity. After I ordered my lunch and walked back to work, I couldn't help feel a great sense of community and pride. At that point, I was inspired to participate in more hunger-based service projects.This chain of events helped me realize that there are more to sandwiches than just satisfying my own hunger. Domestic and world hunger is a big issue in today's world and a little effort can go a long way to fixing this problem. From helping out at soup kitchens and volunteering at local food banks, we can make a big impact in the fight against hunger. With that said, my experience at Quincy's definitely has left a positive impact on me.Tips:* If you feel inclined to help the hungry/homeless, a great item to give are fast food gift certificates, such as Burger King bucks or McDonald's dollars. Since they can only use those items for food, you'll have peace of mind that your gift isn't being spent on "other" things.* The SF Food Bank is a great organization to volunteer at.  For more information, click here: sffoodbank.org/Volunteer…
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2008,1/28/2009,185,344,38,26,24>This market has serious identity crisis. It's called "manila", sure, but it also has a huge variety of other asian goods all crammed into a tiny space. Seriously, it's like being in a country called "Philchijapindoxico*". I suggest to only take the cart if you're an expert in cart driving. Otherwise, it'll be a real challenge to maneuver the isles.Other than the great selection of fresh veggies, meats, and seafood, you can also find a lot of random asian shit here.Random asian junk you can get at MOM**:(please google these yourself)- shrimp chips- rice cooker- red envelopes- tocino style milkfish- unagi no tare- gigantic live frogs- fake money to burn/send to the deceased- hawaiian white bread- maggie sauce- dried soup mix; just add chicken!- swiss rolls- indomie- kecap manis- belacan- sambel- kerupuk udang- kangkung... oh sorry, I got carried away with the indonesian stuff. They have a pretty good selection of indo stuff, probably better than ranch 99. Maybe it's because they actually have some indo people working there? I never knew that until I went to the cashier with a basket full of indomie (indonesian instant noodle) and the guy asked "are you indonesian? Me too! You eat a lot of indomie, yah?". Parking can be a bitch. Especially if you have to fight over a space with some tiny, middle aged asian lady. They can be aggressive! Just be patient and you'll be fine.Now go to MOM and cook yourself some delightful asian cuisine (even if it comes from an instant seasoning packet)!*Yes, I know Mexico is not an asian country, but it might as well be one since there are a lot of amigos at MOM's meat section.**Not to be confused with my mom.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2008,1/27/2009,475,184,38,53,52>First off, I'd like to say that I had a wonderful time at last night's Spanish cuisine class!Having worked in the food industry for most of my adult life I never really felt the need to take cooking lessons. Anything I ever needed to know was right in front of me, 5 days a week. Then, what I didn't learn on the job, I'd figure out from watching shows like "Great Chefs of the World" on PBS. (pre-Food Network) With that said, when J asked me if I'd like to join him for this cooking class he'd been looking forward to for month, I jumped at the chance! Spanish cuisine is a favorite of mine, and that was the menu plan of action. The "classroom" is a great space south of Market with a state-of-the-art kitchen, 2 huge refrigerators, a lovely, rustic dining table for 12+, and a view of the City sure to take your breath away. As for Emily, she's charming and her effervescent personality makes for a lively, if somewhat unstructured experience.Since the class was a bit more casual & unstructured (maybe it was just our group?), I'm not sure how beginners would take to it. We had a lively bunch, and once the sangria started flowing, chatter was bouncing off the high ceilings as people peeled off in to groups to socialize as others jumped in and out of actively preparing the food.  The products were fresh and delicious; purchased locally and with some sort of story-starting assocition with them.  Emily was charming and very informative (thanks for the salt on the garlic tip, lady!). She's traveled the world and her life and professional experiences shine through in her demonstrations. The space was modern and inviting. All the tools from knives to bowls to blenders to stove were top notch! As for my classmates... well, let's just say that once we sat down for dinner, I haven't laughed that hard over a meal in awhile. Everyone was friendly and fun!Would I recommend Emily and her First Class Cooking classes? Absolutely.  If you're a beginner, don't be shy asking for direction. I'm sure that Emily will be happy to help. Also, don't come when you're on the wagon. The one thing I regret is not being able to partake in the free flowing wine and sangria. Hey, a girl's gotta have willpower over some things and this week, booze is on my hit list. Guess I picked a bad week to get off the juice!p.s. forgot to mention what we made (duh!!)Roasted Peppers, Machego & Almond SaladClassic GazpachoChicken & Chorizo Paella (with seafood)Nectarine CakesSangria
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2008,1/25/2009,341,459,21,27,25>1)  I'm amazed that this establishment has only a dozen small tables, and almost 200 reviews.2)  I'm even more amazed that I haven't heard about it before.  Even though I can now see that my friend Virginia Y has written a great review of it.My husband found it right here on Yelp, and we lucked out because there was a 7pm cancellation for that night.  Serendipity.I'm always impressed by a great sommelier.  He asks what kind of wine we like.  We mumble something inarticulate and he asks a couple more questions.  He runs off brings us each exactly the perfect wine.  How do they do that?  The sommelier here was like that.The french onion soup was very good as previously reported. We shared one bowl because we wanted to have room for the main attraction.  The souffle menu had so many compelling choices, it was very hard to make a decision.  We had the crab souffle because we both love us some crab.  And we went with the chocolate souffle for dessert.  Both souffles were wonderful, with a perfect consistency.  We have already picked out which ones we are going to try next time, and we will be back.Definitely a good choice for a romantic special date.  The leisurely pace of the meal gives you lots of time for talking, gazing into each other's eyes and hand holding.  And of course sharing the entrees is an intimate touch.  Cafe Jacqueline est une recette de l'amour.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2008,1/24/2009,263,244,34,33,34>Fact:  Club Deluxe makes the best Sicilian style pizza in San Francisco.Fact:  Club Deluxe is the best jazz club on Haight Street.Fact:  "Deluxe" means "of light" - but it's best here when it's dark.   I think they were trying to be ironic.Fact:  Club Deluxe puts up with my B.S.Fact:  I once got a standing ovation and a curtain call at Club Deluxe for playing the part of a cactus in a burlesque show.Fact:  Club Deluxe is very close to my house - and that's always a strong selling point for me.Fact:  I have never puked in Club Deluxe.  (Truth be told, I've never puked at any bar in San Francisco ;)Fact:  I don't remember who paid for my beer at Club Deluxe last night, but I can narrow it down to three candidates, and one of those is Rachel F.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/22/2008,1/23/2009,566,414,39,32,33>TRY IT.DO IT NOW.THE TERMINATOR WANTS YOGEN FRUZ!I can picture Arnold Schwarzenegger as the spokesperson for Yogen Fruz for some reason. Actually, it's more like I can hear him say stuff in his accent.. Is it just me?The first few bites were eh.. OK. I think it grew on me. But the sweetness overtook and I really like creamy and sweet. I was actually on my way home, standing on the Bart platform just as the train going toward Embarcadero was pulling up. I made a split second decision and rushed over to that side of the platform in time to squeeze onto the East bound train. The craving had hit me. It's an evil one, this froyo craving.1. I don't even like the word froyo.2. I kept thinking that they were talking about actual frozen yogurt - the mcdonald's kind, when the froyo craze first started.3. Froyo cravings come at the most random hours. Like even now, I could totally use some froyo.$4.40 for a regular sized two topping plain froyo? dizaamnnn.. Four-Forty for a Froyo in the FiDi. I guess that's what happens when it's located in the FiDi..  HAH.The girl at the counter strategically placed my blackberries in the shape of a smiley face. The blackberries were totally mocking me.. 'haha, sucker.. you love me, and I ain't cheap.'A-OK.. I'LL BE BACK if I'm in the area. (See!!! those blackberries totally knew I would give in.. *shakes fists*)
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2008,1/22/2009,935,1053,46,46,41>Chile con queso.  Three little words that together must form the phrase "Cheese dip of the Gods" I wanted to drink it from a shot glass, lather it on my face and let my friends dip their chips in it, do all sorts of naughty things. I've always tossed Velvet Cantina in the same company as Tommy's and Puerto Allegre as in horribly overrated. Boy was I wrong. EVERYTHING we tried was fantastic and super inexpensive for the quality. Service was fast and friendly (our waiter even spiffed us some free guacamole - thanks!) and the margaritas were delicious.Not only is Velvet Cantina my new 'go to' Mexican spot, it's right up there with one of the best meals I've had so far this year. While all you suckers are waiting an hour plus at Tommy's (did I mention VC takes reservations?) I'll be sipping a tasty margarita on the rocks in a corner both with queso on my face.ps...dude with the shiny pants and cowboy hat slamming Corona's on Saturday night was creepy yet hilarious in a way that can only be appreciated in the Mission. Thanks, Velvet Cantina!
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2007,9/8/2008,78,88,17,29,19>I first met Patrick when he was at diPietro Todd in 2001...he was the first person to do Japanese Straightening, or Thermal Reconditioning on my hair.  I went in scared that I would leave with my hair cooked off.  Instead, I left with the new hair of my dreams.  I would say Patrick is a miracle worker and he has an incredible talent with hair straightening.I then followed Patrick to Maiden Lane, some other salon off Union Square, and I was so happy to see his success in opening his own salon. The last time I went to Patrick, he had his assistant do the majority of the straightening...no problem, but I wish he could had spent more time supervising, especially since these chemicals can MELT you hair off.Another thing I did not appreciate was Patrick attempting to sell me a Thermal Reconditioning Hair Package.  It was something like "Pay me $3,000 right now, and you'll get 6 straightenings for the price of 5."Yes, this would have been a good deal, but, I don't usually have an extra 3K to drop on my hair at a moment's notice.  I told him I didn't want to buy it, but he continued to try and persuade me.  He put his sale pitch on, and even though I usually run away when someone tries to sell me something, I had to remain in the chair, because, there were chemicals that could MELT my hair on my head!  Finally, he accepted that I did not want the package.  But he made me feel uncomfortable in the process...If I can give you my piece of advice: Don't buy one of these packages, this is why: 1) What if the business moves, closes down, changes ownership, etc. -- you'll be up the creek, 2) You may want a change and return to your curlhood,( I love my straight hair, but sometimes I miss my curls...) Because of this experience, I have moved on to other straighteners (all of which were apprentices under Patrick at one time or another)  This can attest to my belief in his talents, and my unwillingness to be pressured into a sale.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2008,9/7/2008,80,155,19,14,18>"Is Magnolia Thunderpussy still there?"  My dad asked me that when I moved to the Haight a couple years ago."Yeah, totally," I answered, as if I actually knew what either of us was talking about.  Thunderpussy?  What??  I had seen the brewpub Magnolia on Haight and Masonic and thought he meant that.  Well, he did and he didn't.  This business (and moreso its location) has a neat little history--its website will clear up the confusion. (magnoliapub.com/pub/hist…)My friend and I were greeted by a friendly man with a nice mustache who said "Friends, are you ready for some great food and great beer?"  Yes.  Yes we were.  And what a nice man!  When he delivered the sad news that they were out of the beer I ordered, he had a solid recommendation: Blue Bell Bitter.  And it was AWESOME!!!  I love it when a pint of beer makes life worth living again!!!  The Big Cypress Brown and Proving Ground IPA are also excellent!I had the Prather Ranch Burger...it was worth the $12 (well, $13 with cheese) I coughed up for it!  The fries were ample, and damn do I love getting little bits of fry debris with them--you know, the little broken ends of french fries that you don't eat until they are the last things on the plate?  Some places don't include them with their fries, but I love Magnolia's "warts and all" approach to this critical issue.They get pretty busy during peak times, but I have yet to encounter an unbearable wait.  Last summer, I came here with a couple of friends after we did the AIDS Walk.  We were three cranky, tired gay men and we wanted food and beer IMMEDIATELY.  The place was packed and we got waitlisted...but what turned out to be a ten minute wait was not bad for a weekend lunch.  "Great food and great beer" is worth the wait!They've also got an excellent philosophy about using locally grown/organic/sustainable food and ingredients.  I get all warm and fuzzy just thinking about it!  I mean, really.  Thunderpussy or not, Magnolia and I are meant to be together.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2008,9/5/2008,139,167,27,19,20>Look I know I have been handing out the 5-Star reviews like condoms at a west coast liberal university's student health clinic, but it's not because I am bereft of highly discriminating taste.  Call it luck.  Call it a joie de vivre that has instilled in me a love for life and the simple beauty in the littlest things.Or you can call it what it is - me deciding to spend my money on seeking out yummy vegan food and booze most nights and happening upon some new and as-yet undiscovered (by me) gems, the latest of which being The Usual Suspects.I picked up three pizzas here for the band to make amends for sleeping through the previous practice.  I also decided to kill some time waiting for our drummer/my friend to get off work (we BART together) so I decided to grab a beer and some fries while I waited.The decor is somewhere between old fifties diner and underground boho (yes I just used the word "boho," shut up) cafe (the latter maybe because the only window in the lowered back area looks out onto some kind of rock growth thingamajig.*)They have beer and wine, all of which is organic and vegan.  I ordered a Fish Tail Ale and some fries.  The beer came promptly with a chilled glass and the fries followed soon.  HOOOOOOLLLLLLLLY crap these fries are good.  First off, in the Great French Fry Debate, I ALWAYS take the side of Bigger is Better, i.e., I want my potato-to-fried-bit ratio to tend more heavily toward the potato side.  This is why I prefer Frjtz to Absinthe, par example.  ANYWAY these French fries are freaking MASSIVE, like the mutant bastard cousin of steak fries - but in a good way.  BUT as if that weren't enough their house fries come as a mix of Russet potatoes and SWEET POTATOES.  Yes you heard me right.Then on to the pizza.  Friend/drummer arrived as the pizza was ready and there was some weird thing where the waitress was told (presumably by the chef?) to show the pizzas to us before we left, so she lifted up the to-go lids of all three pizzas (one vegan cheese with potatoes, spinach and eggplant; one vegan cheese with pesto and mushrooms; and one non-vegan Quattro formaggi) and we kind of nodded, baffled but approving.Well the truth is, they DID look really good.  Like really, really good.  I honestly don't know how we made it from Montgomery BART station to Ashby BART station without devouring them, but we did and once we got to practice they didn't last long.  They're all on a really delicious cornmeal crust.  The boys seemed happy with their regular cheese pizza and even dove into mine.  The cashew cheese they use for the vegan pizza is legitimately delicious, I wish I knew what the brand was!  The eggplant-spinach-potato pizza was fantastic and the pesto pizza was good, but the pesto was a little on the bland side which was a little disappointing.  BUT THAT'S OKAY because I got full on vegan pizza that was really good and better yet I CAN STAY IN THE CITY FOR IT FOR ONCE (err except when I take it over to the East Bay for practice...)The rest of the menu has sandwiches and some pasta/lasagna entrees.  All dishes are vegan unless otherwise indicated, which is a nice twist on the usual.  This will be a regular on my vegan food circuit, especially since they're open late-ish so, like, you know after an evening of watching women shake their boobies at me at the nearby Broadway strip joints I can fill the gaping hole in my soul (YES my SOUL) with some hearty vegan fare [drools.]***Microsoft Word does not consider "vegan" to be a real word, but "thingamajig" is.**Drool from the vegan food.  Not the boobies******Okay, boobies are pretty cool.UPDATE: I keep getting asked to change my review by people who are associated with what this restaurant *used* to be, but I don't think I should unless I've EXPERIENCED what it is now.  I can only speak to what I know.  I yam what I yam - don't yall think so???That being said this whole debacle is a GODDAM SHAME.  That the restaurant has completely changed and there is all this weirdness around it.  :(  Can't these people take one for the team and realize that us vegans do not have NEARLY enough delicious places to eat?  Can't we all just get along?Seriously.  In the name of my hungry tummy and my deprived taste-buds can't we seriously just get along?Save the drama for your mama and keep it away from the yummy vegan food.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2008,9/4/2008,230,224,17,29,28>WOW... a sandwich shop making sandwiches by appointment only. A bit wild - and possibly a first I'm guessing.We live down the street, and knew the hype going on about Ike's. Saved our try for a Friday night, thinking, piece of cake, who even eats sandwiches for dinner on a Friday night? You guessed it, 30 minute wait that took us right up to the closing time. This place is doing some serious biz.Ike was a sweetie when I went to pick up the sandwiches and the food was seriously amazing. The chicken sandwich I tried had shredded chicken which helped soak up that rad dirty sauce nicely. Hubby tried the meatball which wasn't as fabulous, but he'd snuck over there a few weeks ago and had better luck the first time around.My only negative comment is that Ike seems to have moved into a spot far too small for him... it's like a big success story with an unfortunate side effect of not being able to keep up with demand. I wish Ike all the best and hope he can figure out a way to make it happen for all of his hungry customers.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2008,9/3/2008,372,150,24,22,24>Thanks Ryoko's for being one block away from my work and being able to feed me even if it's midnight on a Tuesday night and I have been working since 9am and all I'm craving is a hot date and 4 orders of Agedashi Tofu. Thanks Ryoko for feeding me some FREE delicious edamame while my hot date and I are patiently waiting to get served our even more delightful food. (By the way sorry for starting an edamame food fight with my hot date every time I'm there.. Those things are just so much fun to squeeze..I'll try to only hit my hot date's face next time, and not our neighbord's forehead..)Thanks Ryoko's for having a carpet floor and dark color walls and playing some non cheesy music from the 80s, making me feel like I'm in an underground joint in the middle of Ginza every time I walk in, making my date even hotter.Thanks Ryoko for hiring awesome staffs that greet me and my hot date as soon as I step in, making me feel like I'm special or something, with or without my hot date.Thanks Ryoko!  YOU are hot.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2008,9/1/2008,448,188,32,33,30>You know how it sometimes goes-  You have out-of-town guests to entertain.  You go to great lengths to consider what they want to do and what your city has to offer.  You consult Yelp and your friends and your friends from Yelp.  And all this over-analysis and obsession just ends up frying the critical decision-making centers of your brain and you end up eating at really bad, yet expensive restaurants.  Story of my week.It naturally follows that the only decent meal we had was at a place that our guests (Boyfriend's brother and niece) picked out- Cafe de la Presse.  They didn't even agonize over the decision or cross-reference Yelp with Zagat!  They just made up their minds, walked in, and told the hostess she must have lost their reservations.  In gratitude for the totally okay lunch we had there, I'm going to stop talking about myself and start talking about the food.Cocktail de Crevettes (prawn and avocado cocktail with grapefruit and tomato confit) $13.50 - This was a hit with Niece, who loves prawns with avocado and is very picky.Assiette de Charcuterie (paté, duck rillette, garlic sausage, salami, ham, cornichons, and onion marmalade) $15- This came with a lot of paté and rillette.  The rillette was on the bland side.  The salami was great.Tarte Flambée Provençale (tomatoes, basil, black olives, with cheese on flatbread) $9- The waiter recommended this.  It tasted like the perfect Puttanesca sauce and was delicious.Boeuf Bourguignon with Macaroni Gratin $19- This was by-the-books beef Bourguignon.  The mac was the good stuff, made with just elbow pasta, real cheese, and milk.Mousse au Chocolat $8- I think there may have been lemon zest or essence or something in there cutting the richness of the chocolate.  This was awesome.Thank you, Cafe de la Presse.  You saved San Francisco's foodie rep in the eyes of a couple of tourists from Queens.  I owe you one.  If you ever spill some mousse and need someone to lick it up- call me.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2008,8/31/2008,263,287,29,28,27>A fellow Yelper recently scoffed at me in a talk thread when I recommended this place to someone. He called it "the McDonald's of Indian/Pakistani food".I prefer to think of it as "the Chili's of Indian/Pakistani food".No, the sauces aren't as complex as they are at other, better establishments. For example, when I had the chicken tikka masala at Shalimar, I was shocked at how amazing and different it tasted. Naan-n-Curry's is more like Campbell's Tomato Soup on PCP. But my feeling is that there are different types of restaurants for different moods and occasions. Just like there might be times when you would spring for a Niman Ranch freshly-ground, hand-formed burger for $18, but other times you just want to run into Burger King for their 99-cent special.Today I took advantage of being right there to drop off a rental car. I swear I could smell the place all the way from the bowels of the building as I waited for the elevator.This time, instead of ordering my usual chicken tikka masala, chana masala or chicken or lamb curry, I decided to hit the buffet. Takeout buffet is charged by the pound so it's not the best way to go cost-wise, but I'm glad I did it because it exposed me to some of their other dishes that I might not have ordered otherwise due to my tendency to get into food ruts.The yellow lentil dish was okay, but I wouldn't order it as an entree the way I would chana masala. I enjoyed the cauliflower with potato, although for the life of me I couldn't find a potato chunk in there anywhere. Even though the cauliflower was bordering on mushy, it had a great flavor and I would definitely order it again.The winner of the day is something I now can't seem to find on their menu. I'm pretty sure it was lamb kofta, but all I can find on the menu is a chicken version. The meatballs were tender, juicy and perfectly spiced and the sauce had a slight tang that I just loved.It was good enough to jolt me out of my food rut!
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2008,8/30/2008,68,690,14,23,19>What happens when you unleash the Yelp chowhounds across the city in search of the best eats? Well, apparently it results in undeniable bargain bites like Petite Deli. This place is featured on the home page for a reason!I've been twice (both on gorgeous sunny days) and had the same sandwhich - a pastrami on a roll with provlone and everything on it. I cannot begin to tell you how awesome those sandwhiches are! The rolls had the right amount of crunchiness and chewiness, the deli meat was savory and moist, and the sauce she put in there had a hint of hot mustard in there too - perfect!It is a bit out of the way - on the far end of Columbus toward Fisherman's Wharf. But if it was in a more crowded area, you'd never be able to get your sandwhich. They named this place with good reason; it's tiny inside, with room for three tables and two outside tables. So you might be in a for a wait.Regardless of the size, the other thing that made this place memorable was the owner. She was so incredibly kind on both occasions and essentially works the place by herself. Even with that workload she's always smiling and making sandwhiches to die for.So the word is out and I wouldn't have known about this place if it wasn't for Yelp. Sometimes you just can't argue with the Yelp consensus...
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2008,8/28/2008,473,189,43,40,42>Mt. Davidson is San Francisco's highest natural peak at an elevation of 927 feet. THAT'S ABOVE SEA LEVEL! I WISH they would CUT DOWN THE TREES at the top of Mt. Davidson because they obstruct what could be a stunning 360 degree view of the bay area. As it is, the dense eucalyptus trees obstructs views toward the Pacific Ocean and Golden Gate Bridge. I can't see the sea for the forest. The view would be SO MONEY if they'd at least thin out the trees. Furthermore, those menacing tall trees also muddle the silhouette of the 103 foot concrete cross when viewed from far distances across the city. Perhaps if they MAKE THE CROSS BIGGER then it wouldn't be an issue. The monument resides on a portion of land that the City auctioned in 1997 to the Council of Armenian-American Organizations, and has since served as a memorial of the 1915 Armenian genocide. A 160-pound bronze plaque commemorating the genocide was once displayed at the base of the cross, but it was discovered missing in 2007. From bottom to top, Mt. Davidson is more of a casual stroll that a hiking place. You can ascend to the peak in 10 mins if you walk very slowly. On the clearing, you have a view from SF's downtown to the Oakland ship yard to San Bruno. Easter sunrise services have been held at this site for many years, I think since 1923. I'm awed when I look up at the towering cross. The view companied with the solitude and spiritual overtones, yields a good place for some quiet reflection:"...am I a good person....""..........will I make a difference.........""......where will I be in five years......""...can I get cell phone reception here...."".......I wonder if this place has been yelped yet....."
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2008,8/27/2008,566,414,51,41,41>Victor's invokes looks of disgust and envy..Scenario: It's Friday night at around 12am. You are strolling down Polk Street, shoving your slice of Chicken and Garlic Pizza down your throat.. like you haven't eaten in days -- intenseNOMNOMNOM, and you walk:a) by a crowd of overdressed people.. they stare at you in disgust (mostly from the girls).. reaction: NOMNOMBITCHES! i would throw this at your hair but it's too tasty! b) into a crowded bar = OMG.. that smells soooooooo good. reaction: NOMNOM ALLMINE! (but you can go to Victor's)Victor's Pizza envy is the best! In fact, I envy you if you're near there right now. My stomach is gurgling and Victor's is all I can think about. I always think I can eat more slices, but 1 does it for me. Price is reasonable. The crust is perfect and not too thick. Toppings perfect amount, and garlic breath ( = LOVE ).  Future weapon of choice: Garlic Breath. How: Add as many H's in between words..Me: WHAAAAT AHHHHRRRRE  YOUUUUUU STARING AAAAHTT??*crying inside* so hungry... *falls over... twitches*
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2012,5/31/2012,151,321,19,19,22>My 300th review goes to none other than the newest cool kid on the block.As I enter Monarch, I feel pretty fly due to the attention paid to my girls and I from the men at the door. "Hey, hey there beautiful ladies, so nice to see you, please come right in." Why thank you, I think I will. And then wait, what is this I hear flooding the room, Wolfmother, and Cheap Sunglasses no less?! Yes, yes I think I will sit and stay a while. Then there is a free photo booth due to the owners Bday, free print outs?! Don't mind if I do Monarch, don't mind at all. But wait, there's more! I grab a tequila concoction of sorts that tastes heavenly and plop my bum down on one of the nicely styled Victorian-esque plush couches. Then as I think I'm fairly satisfied and set on this early evening out, I look up to see this amazing acrobatic show by a woman spinning in a ring. Yow-sah! They obviously crossed their Ts and dotted their Is when working on the concept and the delivery for this place, yes, yes I would say they just about nailed it. Congrats guys, congrats indeed.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,5/30/2012,585,268,15,19,17>Wow, it took me 30+ years to finally make it out to Fort Point. I can't wait to go back. We parked in the lot at Crissy Field and huffed it over to the Fort. I had seen pictures of folks surfing below the bridge and I was happy to see a handful of guys surfing the break.  The Fort is super cool.  You can walk in for free and explore the old facility. There is a long hallway on the second floor, that looks like it came out of the twilight zone! Check it out. It's creepy. Be careful as you walk up the staircase to the roof, the stairs are narrow and if you use the spiral staircase, there are no handrails. The rooftop is the best part because you are right below the Golden Gate Bridge and you'll have a great view of the coast and the city.  It's about a mile and a half walk from the parking lot to the Fort, well worth your time. Bring a light jacket because it's SF and the weather changes quickly.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2012,5/29/2012,1928,1761,19,27,24>Katana-ya has been my intended target forever. And every time I passed by here, there is a ton of people waiting to be seated. The long wait with all those people deters me from dining here. Until a few days ago, I finally made it here for my early dinner before my trip to Oracle Arena. When I see the size of the tiny restaurant, I can tell why the long wait. I don't think this place can hold more than thirty occupants. On my long-awaited debut, I ordered the Katana-ya's Noodle combo. Ranging from $11.00-15.00, I get a noodle soup with a side dish. I chose the Soba Noodle soup with a side of Spicy Tuna sushi. The thick buckwheat noodle and seaweed in a milky broth was the best way to warm me up. Soup: yelp.com/biz_photos/F3bL…The spicy tuna sushi was really good with fresh ingredients. Sushi: yelp.com/biz_photos/F3bL…As I was enjoying my meal, more people arriving for dinner and the wait was on for others later on. I also like the Sapporo beer on tap with the cool silver Sapporo can knob for the beer. 'Will a $14.00 pitcher of Sapporo beer mess you up?" Beer: yelp.com/biz_photos/F3bL…Many of my followers know I'm not a Japanese food expert. But I wanted to try something different. Mission accomplished on my part to finally eat here.Will I eat here again? Only I come around the same time and lesser people.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2012,5/28/2012,1396,522,25,20,18>Who came up with this name?  It seriously makes me giggle every time I say it. If I'm craving dim sum and no one else is, I'll go to Good Mong Kok (hehe) for takeout.  I don't know what it has ever except for what I can see through the glass because I'm neither Chinese nor Chinese-literate.  Anyway, I always get some har gow, shumai, cha siu bao, and/or law bok gow, and it's consistently $5 or less.  Of course, the dim sum isn't exactly Great Eastern or Hong Kong Lounge quality, but it's not supposed to be for that cheap.  But everything is supersized like it's on hormones--in a good way.I like that Good Mong Kok (hehe) has a website, and a nice one at that--who knew hole-in-the-walls were digitally savvy?  Too bad it's all in Chinese.  What about their English-speaking customers?
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2011,5/27/2012,1099,544,12,17,17>What to eat?  What to eat?  Hmmm...let's try a different Japanese place!  I came on a Friday night, and it wasn't too busy.  We were able to be seated right away.  This isn't your typical Japanese restaurant...no bento boxes or rolls.  There are so many different dishes to choose from.  You pick an item, but then you have to pick how you'd like it prepared.  For example, you pick hamachi, but then you can get it as teriyaki, kara-age, sashimi, etc.  So many choices....it took us a while to decide what we wanted to eat.  We finally decided on Ikura-Oroshi, Kurage Goma-Ae, Uni Sashimi, Gindara-Black Cod, Udon and Tai(Sea Bream) - Amazu-An.All of the food was amazing.  Each dish had its own unique textures and flavors.  The uni sashimi was exquisite.  The uni was topped with tobiko and these dried orange shavings which we later found out was dried uni....a must have dish!  The black cod was another of my favorites.  The cod was nice and tender and had a buttery flavor to it.  The udon was quite impressive.  It was simple...broth and noodles with some tempura on the side...but the noodles were very good.  It wasn't like any other udon noodle that I've had.  It was thinner and had a chewier texture.The staff was friendly and quite attentive. With so many choices on the menu, I would definitely come back!
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2012,5/26/2012,793,517,56,19,19>One time, I walked to Bob's Donuts from my apartment in the Tenderloin at 4:30 A.M. A pimp followed me almost the entire time, stood behind me as I ate my maple bar, and tried to get me to become his newest prostitute."You have a boyfriend? Well, I can teach you things to make him happy, if you know what I mean. I'm a coach. That's what people call me. Coach," he said, smiling and winking.I risked my personal safety and could have been a victim of sex trafficking all because of these donuts. WORTH IT.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2012,5/25/2012,541,1054,13,16,18>If you have a bad attitude, don't come here.If you are full of negative energy, don't come here.If you expect that the cash in your pocket entitles you to be catered to just because, don't come here.  If the word "Cock" on the menu offends you, don't come here.Because more likely than not, you're not going to get in.Otherwise, get yourself over to Red Door Cafe and prepare to go on a delightful trip down the Rabbit Hole!  Just roll with the punches and get ready to become a part of an impromptu, multifaceted family circus, orchestrated by the ringmaster, A.D.If you pass the interview and get in (no parties of 3, no Starbucks Latte in hand), you will probably laugh and smile your way through a delicious breakfast, brunch or lunch.I don't want to recount the entire experience here, because some should be left to the element of surprise when you visit, but let me just say that everyone in there felt like old friends, staff and customers alike.  I was sitting next to a woman who confessed that she was a stay-at-home mom and this was her first time out in 2 years.  She was teary-eyed as she described how this was the most fun that she had had in recent memory.We shared the Cuban and the Eggs & Salmon (with much more clever names than I can recall here).  Both delicious, spicy, and full of life like our experience there. I feel that as a seasoned Yelper and diner in San Francisco, I have done myself a disservice by not stopping in before today.  I can't wait to make up for it by coming back very soon!
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,5/24/2012,722,200,23,30,27>The Crab House is definitely a hidden little treasure of Pier 39. The restaurant is hidden to the left side of the pier with a lovely traditional black and white decor. The servers are absolutely friendly and very professional in their attire. The first time I was here I ordered the crab chowder, the lobster with butter sauce, and the crab angel hair lasagna. The crab chowder came out quite fast. It had good flavor, but a tad on the cold side. The bread that was given in the beginning of seating is pretty hard. The Lobster pasta with the butter sauce was delicious. There is a wonderful amount of lobster meat and the flavor was there. The crab angel hair lasagna was something I had to try. It was extremely comforting and very filling. It was a bit on the oily side, but still good while its hot. Overall, it was a pretty satisfying meal. So the second time I returned I just had to try the giant crab. It's called The Crab House so of course I just had to get down and dirty with a juicy crab! I ordered the crab, garlic fries, mojitos, and bloody mary oyster shooters. It was even MORE SATISFYING than the first time I came here!!! I love food I can grab and dig in with my hands. There was intense flavors in the crab and the crab meat was soOo juicy! The garlic fries were perfectly crispy and was jam packed with garlic flavor. The mojitos were good. I have never tried a bloody mary oyster shooter before and have only tried the traditional style at Japanese restaurants so this was like popping my cherry! It was absolutely delicious! LoL Pretty decent restaurant to just relax and actually enjoy your delicious seafood with a great view and great company. Awesomeness... =)
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2011,5/23/2012,1792,531,12,12,17>I love to dance- but hate the majority of clubs. I don't like electronic music. I don't like the B&T crowd. I don't like leaving my neighborhood. I don't like paying $20 so I can spend $12 on vodka sodas once inside. Instead I come to Madrone. They have a long specialty drink list, which boarders on comical. For instance the "Ike Turner" a shot of Hennesy and a slap in the face. Not sure if the bartender actually slaps you....but I'm really curious. (But not curious enough to order one)Being far from cookie cutter in decor, the local artists rotate out on their wall space. Paul Madonna is currently featured, and one of my favorite pieces says, "We never change, we just become more of who we really are." And the swamp monster, that one made me giggle. But here is my favorite part- 90's night. I never understood why the music of your early teen years sticks. At 14 I recognized the phenomena repeatedly in adults and wondered if I would be doomed to listening to Third Eye Blind for the rest of my life. Another Paul Madonna piece asks the question, "In what generation will you get stuck?" I may not be stuck (yet) but I will ALWAYS hold a certain affection for the music of my era. So my whole point is, I love Madrone for their throwbacks plus the giant projector screen showing music videos (do they still make those?).
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2011,5/22/2012,1345,369,9,16,14>The basics. It's the only thing that truly matters, but so often difficult to remember. You can't help but get back to them when visiting Bar Agricole. Ambitiously calm, softly modern and vibrant where it truly matters; the plate.A few months ago, a dear friend and I were finally able to carve time out of the circus and find the hatch where time pauses. Seated in a simple setting, the tables are highlighted with a country blue cloth, and ditches the clutter.We started with toasted baguette slices coupled with a rich helping of pate. The defining crunch slathered with a healthy chilled pate dose could've been dinner itself. Main course was a transporting carbonara. Pancetta donating flecks of salt and the creamy coating of the eggs were a quick shot of why you never need much to be outstanding.What truly stands out at Bar Agricole is the cocktail menu. Liquid chemistry in a glass that will consistently knock you away. The Brown Derby: Bourbon, grapefruit, lemon, honey & bitters, will pave the way to wherever you'd like to go.It's easy to get caught up. Caught up in the minutiae of life and the unrelenting need to answer. However, the difference in shades that can trip us, aren't worth it. Places like  Bar Agricole are a thankful reminder that in the end, the only thing that truly matters is having a smile across the table, a warm plate, and a bourbon that knows you're home.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2005,10/9/2005,6,29,,,>Seriously, I can't say enough good things about this place, largely because it's my favorite seafood restaurant in the city. Why do I think it's so good? Well, it's not just the quality of the fish, which is excellent, but the atmosphere and location as well. At night, with the lights twinkling out on the water and little old waiters who look as though they've been there since the beginning of time, Scoma's feels a little like walking into Mr. Peabody's Wayback Machine. I always half-expect to rub elbows with The Rat Pack whenever I'm there. In any case, listen to those ancient waiters; their recommendations are almost always spot on. And be warned, the portions are huge, truly gigantic. Microscopic hipster portions are nowhere in sight, and you will have leftovers. I generally throw all abandon to the wind at the very start, once they bring out a hunk of their deliciously crusty San Francisco sourdough. The fish, as I mentioned before, is divine, and I wish I could tell you what the desserts are like, but, quite honestly, I've always been so stuffed by the end, I've never gotten a chance to try them. Oh, and strangely enough, for a fish place, they also have an excellent steak.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2005,10/8/2005,308,1102,3,9,6>When "design within reach" really isn't your within your reach, you have no car, and can no longer bribe friends with food to help you move stuff up to your third floor walk up,  you have to put on your walking shoes and drag your ass to the futon shop.  Yes, it's in the middle of nowhere (near 3rd street & cesar chavez), but you can walk out with a 400 dollar couch that wasn't used by some tweaker who needs to sell all of their possesions on Craiglist. And they'll deliver it for a mere 50 dollars! Rafael, the cool ass Brirtish guy that works there knocked it down to 35 dollars, so be nice to him.EDIT: Our futon is beauitful and wasn't "too hard" to put together, according to the boy! I have a real living room now! Thanks futon shop!
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2005,10/7/2005,376,326,1,2,3>Possibly, this is a bigger secret than your boss' sock drawer. When i went, there was this really tiny, non descript, looked-like-Print-Shop sign that said Imusicast on it. Thats it. I was pretty excited to see a national band in such a small setting. So excited, that i went and ru....anyway. Im big on sound quality in clubs, and since this place streams live concerts over the Interwebs, it has to cut the mustard. Bad news, most of the shows are all ages, which usually means, no drinky. And with no bars in sight, the best thing to do is prime up with a fohtey under the overpass with your new friends that you met at the nickel distribution center..aka your pocket.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/3/2005,10/6/2005,47,48,,2,1>Revision: 04/07Two bottles that I opened three weeks ago and at the end of 2006 had turned vinegar.  For sure it's not my storage system (wine boxes surrounded by my G-Star jackets for further insulation from the elements) because my other wines tasted just right.  I must downgrade.***************************Don't be fooled by the down-and-out liquor store appearance from the outside.  Inside, you are surrounded by towering boxes of wine from every grape-growing corner of the world.  Every inch of shelf space is covered by bottles.  You wouldn't want to be here when San Andreas slips.  The storage is haphazard, the selection dizzying.  Who else would store that elusive Lebanese Chateau Musar that you ogled for after reading the NYT article?  Adel, the Egyptian proprietor, is knowledgeable and passionate about wines.  He has owned his business for more than 25 years.  His recommendations have been on target.  If he likes you, he'll accompany you to a real wine cellar at the back where he keeps his prized bottles.  Ask him why he does not stock South African wines.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2005,10/5/2005,12,5,1,1,1>I have a love-hate relationship with this venerated place.  Everytime I walk in the beer garden, it feels like I'm getting sucked into a vortex of insanity.  The smokey air from the grill, cigarettes, and weed gives the air an almost mystical feeling.  Then you look down and realize you're walking through a big ashtray!  Damn, the music is good.  Takes me back to my old punk days (before it was dead).  Zeitgeist is the only place you can roll into in the morning, then leave after dark, and only feel like you've been there an hour!  It is not a place for the weak or faint of heart.I would recommend filling up on pitchers of Racer 5 or getting a few bloody mary's.  They have some kick and can be crazy spicy.  Yeeeaaoooohh!I will say that I was impressed when I heard one of the bartenders telling someone asking directions on the phone that "if you don't know how to get here, then you're not f*in welcome!".  Then he slammed the phone down.  Now, that's my kind of bartender.I love it and I hate it at the same time.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2005,10/4/2005,143,49,,1,>Some friends and I dined on a Sunday night after making reservations through opentable.com (props for the Tiki selecting opentable!) We arrived to see a mostly empty restaurant with the exception of the front bar and booths occupied with what I'm assuming were friends of the restaurant or bartender. We were promptly seated in the empty but comfortable dining room. The dcor is fun 70's chic with a touches of Tiki mixed in. Imagine a James Bond Hawaiian adventure. Once our server arrived took our drink order and reviewed the menu with us we were off on our adventure. The food options were a nice mix of classics (i.e. Tuna Tartar, Calamari) and some fresh alternatives (i.e. Bacon wrapped Chestnuts and Beef Jerky). While the Tiki supports the current trend of small plates they've taken a new spin on it and offer 'Pu-Pu Platters' with a selection of small plates all grouped together or your ordering ease. We settled on the prawns and chestnuts which both went will with the gratis fried wontons and dipping sauces. For mains we selected drunken chicken, garlic tofu and grilled tuna (sans clams and mussels) with a side order of snap peas. The food was excellent, once we got serving utensils and plates, the tofu perfectly crispy, the sauces light and not over whelming, the tuna nicely grilled (bonus points for the cross-hatch grill pattern) and the snap peas not over cooked. For four people the amount of food was perfect.All in all a nice meal, we'll be back for sure. Hopefully, the small hick-ups we experienced in service will be worked out, next time we'll try dining on a more mainstream night and see how it holds up. One word of caution, we spent as much on drinks as we did our meal we got sucked into the souvenir Tiki glass which would have been much cooler if it had the same branding as the swizzle sticks and 'fish bowl'.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2005,10/3/2005,3168,2976,2,6,>Discovering Alemany has changed my life and that of my platonic life partner in crime. On Saturday mornings he picks me up at 6:45 and we make the journey to the market. We are jostled by older folks trying to get close to the produce, but still we press on in search of gems for the dinners we will cook for our friends (hoping the product is good enough to usher their asses into the kitchen to actually wash a dish or two.) We buy flowers and mushrooms and garlic and so much more.Out of town visitors like the kettle corn and the peach cobbler, in my experience.Know that the place is a touch hard to find on the first try. Also, dress warmly, it's almost always very cold out there. And bring sturdy bags to carry your produce home in.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2005,10/2/2005,82,358,,2,1>i like the fact that i stumbled upon this store unknowingly, like catching a bubble before it pops. a good mix of boutiquey designers and some second-hand wares as well. the women who work there all seem super nice but would likely also offer honest opinions for when you try on.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2005,10/1/2005,103,2108,2,3,3>If the food here isn't authentic, be grateful - everything I ate in Moscow was boiled in lard and made me deathly ill. The menu sticks to lighter preparations of Eastern European stick-to-your-ribs comfort food, perfect for wet winter nights or foggy summer afternoons. Nothing disappoints, and prices are reasonable. Parking is a major problem, but where isn't it in the city?
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2005,9/30/2005,11,27,,,>I love Le Charm.  The prix fixe menu rocks.  Such good food for such a reasonable price!  And the garson provides free french pronunciation lessons with every meal!  loved the raspberry treefleh (trifle).  Great food  great staff, good wine, cozy atmosphere, what more could one want?
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2009,10/27/2010,1567,497,53,54,51>Much like the super hot boyfriend you secretly hope will pack on 40 pounds so slutty girls will stop eye-groping him, Piccino is a tad too popular for my taste.I wish it were my little secret.  But it isn't.  Other people know about it and that pisses me off.  And since the law says I can't build a compound in my backyard and keep Piccino there forever, then I'll need to embrace that this is a damn fine lunch/dinner place and sometimes my butt will be required to wait for a table.Ideal for languid lunches and get-to-know-u dinners, the space is small but the mood is lively.  The servers are cute and trendy in the Tartine Bakery way.  And who knew tap water tastes better chilled and served in Strauss milk bottles?My favorite:  Green Salad followed by the Salciccia Pizza.  Romantic spot to bring a love interest like me if parking downtown makes you punch bystanders in the face.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2010,10/26/2010,1792,531,15,21,18>When I'm too lazy to cook and have a boy to feed, one of my favorite meals for take out is Indian. For right around twenty bucks Lahore nicely boxed up some chicken tikka masala, vegetable curry, rice, and naan. This turned out to be a generous amount of food, more that what two people could eat in one sitting. It's no secret I'm a sucker for holes in walls with amazing authentic food, and Lahore being in the TL could theoretically be much worse. I wouldn't recommend it for a first date you are trying to impress, but if you're in an LTR or just out for a casual night with a friend who isn't high maintenance, it's actually a pretty decent place to sit down for dinner considering the neighborhood.To yours truly, a perfect weeknight consists of pigging out on Indian and watching some documentary in the comfort of my own home. Lahore is perfect for their well rounded spicy food on the fly. An easy five stars. PS: Lamb Vindaloo- TO DIE FOR.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2010,10/25/2010,802,711,24,28,29>Finally!!!!After bookmarking this place for over 2 years, I got to try Muracci's!!!Yes..............It is as good as it gets!!!I'm a huge fan of Japanese curry and this place didn't disappoint.  I had the tonkatsu curry and it was fried to perfection.  You ever get batter that you have to discard because it was either too doughy, over battered, or mushy???  You won't get that here.  The pork was moist and juicy on the inside, crispy and light on the outside.  They actually separate the curry from the rice and tonkatsu which I think is a fantastic idea to keep it from getting soggy.   It shows that they care about how it should be eaten.For curry, in the bay area, this place rawks!!!! For you guys in the Fidi.........you guys are very fortunate to have a place like this.  For 10 dollars a plate.........a little pricey for take out but it's well worth it.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2010,10/24/2010,992,1060,31,37,39>Yo, VIP, let's kick it!Vanilla Ice performed here and that is really all you need to know about Red Devil's radness. I've been here a couple of times and had fun, though the normal crowd that dominates the bar doesn't exactly constitute my preferred "scene."The five stars are primarily for the staff. Last night my band, Festizio, played a gig here and had a fantastic time. From beginning to end, the staff were more than friendly. I might even say they were the most easy going, accommodating venue operators we ever worked with (not counting pub bartenders who really don't care what you do). Anyway, we had a blast and everyone I spoke to after seemed to really dig the luscious space.Pics from our show at RDL: bit.ly/bxTACLFinally, I just have to reiterate that Vanilla Ice performed here.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2010,10/23/2010,444,525,13,17,16>I finally made it to Off the Grid last night.. WOOHOO! even then I feel like I'm the last person to go hahaha I arrived here around 630p with two of my favorite Yelpers. Note: try to arrive early else you ain't getting NO food! lol The first thing I noticed when we got there, was the long lines. Luckily we had a good strategy, our plan was to split up and get a couple of items from the food vendors that looked good and meet up at a designated spot.CHEERS to TEAMWORK!! Here's what we accomplished:TAKOREA (korean tacos) my favorite of course, has a kick to their TACOS, please try them!!Namu (korean tacos) their version is different as it is served with seaweed. Yes it is good!! don't knock it till you try it =)Happy Dumpling (pork and vegetable dumplings) A lil bit greasy, but A-OKChairman bao (pork belly inside a sweet bun) YES it was a hit in my book!! this line was the longest but worth it.Senior Sisig (Sisig Nachos) was umm ok, wasn't special. I can't turn my back on Mercury!! I heart their sisig nachos over there... enough saidKara's cucpcakes (Passion fruit cupcake) -Hmmm okChicken Pupusas (I forgot the name of this place) Hello there! Yes was yumKIKA's treats (hot chocolate, cheese bread, and a chocolate graham cracker) hot chocolate? Nope didn't like it, cheese bread yes A-OK, SMORE was A-OK ours was kind of burnt =(Overall a great experience and a lot of fun. I'll be back.. FYI Off the Grid is open on Wed in the Haight and Thurs at Civic center. Happy eating to all who make a visit!!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2010,10/22/2010,281,420,15,21,18>Ladies, Bloodhound is the place to be for Happy Hour if you're on the prowl for a sexy man.  I arrived around 530/6pm and the place was bustling with hot men coming from work for a good straight hour! After that though, it cleared out and became more of a night scene.  The drinks are sweet and the bartenders are sexy, in a cute hipster style way.  I had two bloodhounds, which are made with Hangar 1 vodka, campari, and grapefruit juice and one peach cobber (?? - I think that's what it's called), that was OK, but way too sweet for my liking.There's not a hint of an attitude in the place - everyone is very friendly and I love all the wood detail and sofas at the front of venue.  I especially loved all the doves painted onto the eye-catching ceiling! So cute.  Definitely a great spot for a birthday party, date, happy hour, etc!
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2010,10/20/2010,2537,1207,19,44,34>**************              There's no reason to go to any other steakhouses here in San Francisco anymore, that Alexander's opened its door now. Took over Bacar spot, not much changed with the interior, but the food & wines.              Chef Jeffrey Stout is an amazing chef in the South Bay with the # 1 Steakhouse for years. I'm just glad that he's here. Only at Alexander's Steakhouse, they serve Certified Angus Beef® prime, something that chef Stout is very proud of. Top 1% of all beef and no other restos in San Francisco is serving this quality, and only a handful of restaurants in the country serve this kind of quality. He talked about it in his interview with Eater.com.             I came in & sat the bar while waiting for my designer to show up. Bartender Justin made me a Bengal Tiger, oh boy was it different & hit me by a surprise! With Charbay Meyer Lemon, Vodka, St. Germain Liquor, carrot juice, fresh grated Tumeric root, Thai Basil, what a combination!  I got to chat up with him & was surprised by his intro Sommelier pin, so I asked. He told me that all employees here got to attend intro Sommelier class & could attend more, if they want., all paid for by the resto. How cool is that!           Then the wonderful sommelier Joshua Rousseu from Cupertino was here, wow, so I let him recommended us for pairing with the food we ordered, additional to the bottle we brought. And what a treat he did for us, here is how it went:APPETIZERS:- Kumomoto Oysters - cucumber, shiro shoyu, chives, sriracha bubbles - paired with Reisling, Germany.- Amuse Bouche sashimi bite - I wanted more!- Hamachi shooters - avocado, ginger, jalapeño, truffled ponzu sauce - their signature dish, a MUST TRY dish! pair with Rosé Champagne, perfect.- Torchon Foie Gras - Saba, roasted grapes, pickled lemon, walnut toast - paired with Sauternes - savory & perfect pairing.- Rapberry sorbet to clean our palate. SHARE DISHES & STEAK:- Sweetbreads - oxtail-red lentil ragoût, caramelized onion purée,  shimeji, onion "glass - recommended by our server Timothy, & we glad we ordered - rich, tasty & we wish we had more!- Ohitashi Spinach - Dungeness crab, trout roe, soy pearls, matsutake and consomme - A simple side dish of blanched spinach, rich in flavor from being soaked in broth, smoky aroma, &  full of flavor. The server pour over the broth, I love action shot of dishes, & this dish surely live up to the expectation, once again!- Cauliflower Mac Gratin - so this would be the closet dish to their famous signature 'mac & cheese' in Cupertino - perfect to share for 2 people.- Wild Mushroom - generous portion to share for two & it was delicious!- 14OZ Ribeye - steak at its finest cut, marbled, juicy & tender.DESSERTS:- Mango sorbet - w/puree sauce - excellent recommendation by our server. - Choux Cream for two - amazing with Sauternes pairing.- Madeline & chocolates bites - We were super full by now!- Cotton Candy  - the finale!              Now if your favorite pet is STEAK like me, & you want to experience Certified Angus Beef® prime top 1%, & no one else serves in San Francisco, then come here. Chef Stout will make your belly happy!  They also have an amazing selection of Japanese beef as well & excellent seafood dishes.             Service was impeccable. The food was amazing at the highest quality, exceed my expectation. Wines pairing by sommelier Rousseu & their collections are excellent. 4 hours later, my designer friend & I Ieft, wonder how could I possibly fit into dresses for the fashion show the next day?? Well, food first, fashion can wait!P.S. What I miss is the see-through glass window - display of meats aging in the foyer in Cupertino has! I always admire these cuts in the lounge before I get to my tables.  Overall: 5 starsFor value: 5 starsFor Food: 5 starsFor Service: 5 starsAmbiance: 5 starsFor Location: valet parking available for $10, pay up front!
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2010,10/19/2010,865,177,15,21,18>Yoga is many things to many people. It is fitness, it is health, it is relaxation, it is transformation, it is the opening of new possibilities, it is community. YogaWorks created an eclectic and open school embracing all types of Yoga. They are continuously improving and expanding offerings to serve the needs of diverse populations. At YogaWorks you will find classes in all styles and at all levels from classical Iyengar and Ashtanga, to Vinyasa flow, ISHTA and Therapeutic Yoga. Also on the schedule are specialty programs for beginning Yoga students, children, athletes, seniors and people in need of rehabilitation. YogaWorks prides itself in teaching safe, effective, and compassionate classes. Sandwiched between shops on Divisadero street, the San Francisco YogaWorks has a lot to offer. Upon entering guests are greeted by a large reception room filled with yoga sale items and friendly faces. Soothing sage green walls and two spacious studios create a warm and welcoming atmosphere. Cubbies, locker rooms, and cabinets allow ample storage space for sweaty stuff. Both yoga studios are kept  immaculately clean - not a spot of sweat or lingering stink could be found on the flawless floors. Rooms are heated to a comfortable temperature, allowing a successfully sweaty practice for all. Monthly package prices are available and drop in rates are $22 per session. I highly recommend instructors: Pradeep Teotia and Deborah Lee for well structured, informative, and enjoyable yoga classes!With studios in New York, Northern California, Orange County, and Los Angeles, YogaWorks' success has shown YOGA WORKS! 2010 is the year to begin - let Yoga work wonders for you!
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2010,10/18/2010,301,325,15,15,13>i don't usually believe in second chances, especially with restaurants. serve me a bad meal? expect a bad review. i'm kind of like the henry hill of yelp; i accept no excuses. produce order was late? F you, i'm yelping. oh, your staff called in sick? F you, i'm yelping. the walk-in broke down, huh? F you, i'm yelping. but for some reason, i couldn't let it go when my lobster roll at woodhouse turned out to be less than impressive. it wasn't bad, by any means; it just didn't wow me the way i expected from the slightly excessive praise in other reviews. and a few days later, still unable to shake the feeling that this place had more to offer; i opted to give woodhouse another try, rather than yelp my disinterested sentiments. i'm glad i did. the cornmeal-crusted cod special was a much better option than the lobster roll. sure they're famous for the lobster roll, but lobster is not always in season, and it certainly has traveled farther than other choices on the menu. my advice? ask your server for a recommendation from the specials. you'll likely end up with an inventive and delightful dish full of fresh and seasonal ingredients.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2010,10/17/2010,353,254,20,24,20>i've walked down third street on a daily basis, and i've passed an unmarked, soon to open, restaurant.             one day, i tightly shut my eyes to avoid floating debris.             the next day, i'm dodging painters on the sidewalk.  ...spire, i've watched you grow from brick and mortar to being adorned w/brown leather chairs and booths.the lovely ninja and i were immediately welcomed by nelson, who was very friendly.  sean let us have our pick of where we wanted to sit.  there are no bright, pastel colors to be found here, which i kind of prefer, actually.  hailing from chicago, i appreciate the exposed brick wall.  the arches overhead are a nice touch too.we decided on the spire freshly ground burger (fontal, acme bun, wedge fries, house-made pickles - $13) and the shaved roasted leg of lamb on house-made naan (eggplant puree, cucumber spearmint salad, cumin yogurt - $13), and we decided to split our orders.the wait time for the food was a bit lengthy, but it didn't matter b/c ninja and i had some catching up to do.  ...when our dishes arrived, there was an issue w/the lamb, and our waitress immediately took the dish back to the kitchen for a refire.  sean apologized for the mishap and graciously comped the lamb order.i'm an admitted burger whore, and this one didn't disappoint.  it was, indeed, freshly ground and perfectly cooked.  the fontal was a good choice, and, although i don't usually eat pickles on my burger, i decided to give their house-made pickles a try.  i'm glad i did b/c they were only mildly sour.  i'm also not usually a fan of wedge fries either, but their fries were nice and crispy.i wasn't as crazy about the lamb dish.  although it was good, the naan was too hard.  ...pretty difficult to cut through, in fact.  ninja and i decided to eat them like tacos.  : )  a HUGE thanks goes to nelson and sean for making sure our first visit was an exceptional one.  a small kink or two is expected of a grand opening.  it certainly won't keep me from making another visit to spire.note:  they'll be open for dinner in about two weeks (when they get their liquor license), and i can't wait to check out the menu, as well as their happy hour.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2010,4/21/2010,1382,542,57,50,52>I used to come here about ten years ago with a gay female friend. When I went to "The Lex" then I was almost always the only man in the room, sometimes there might have been one or two others but that was at most. The women were very cool about me being there, I'd get some looks every now and then but for the most part the people were very welcoming. My friend that liked to go there moved away and I wasn't asked to come here any more so I didn't. A few weeks ago I was at a festival with my beer group. After several beers one female friend told me that she thought another female friend was hot. Then later the other one told me she was into it so I suggested she make her move. It turns out that I can add "great wing man for drunk bi girls" to my resume. The festival ended and the three of us went to The Lex for a few more drinks, the girls were into each other but I sensed they didn't want me to leave them on their own just yet.Oh my has The Lex changed over the years! I don't know if it was a special event but there was at least a couple dozen guys there. If that's the new norm I don't know if you can even call it a lesbian bar any more.After a couple of beers I decided to leave the girls to their new friendship. One of them asked me to stay ;-O but I got my fill of that kind of thing back in my Rock Star days.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2010,4/20/2010,1289,809,18,20,20>Normally I hate Valentine's Day (even when I have a boyfriend), but I had a Valentine this year.  It was my neighbor.  Our dogs are BFFs, and so we decided that we needed some quality girl-time, and we agreed to brunch.  She Yelped brunch places in SOMA because driving anywhere more than 5 minutes away gives her major road rage, and we ended up at XYZ because it was one of the few places still with V-Day availability.The positives: +The hostess was really super nice and got us seated pronto, and then came over and gave us each a chocolate heart lollipop.  She told us that the guys were pissed off that they weren't getting any, because the chocolates were for ladies only.+Our waitress was super nice as well, and gave us excellent recommendations.  I ordered the eggs chilaquiles, which is basically tortilla chips, eggs and tomatoes scrambled and topped with cotija cheese.  Delicious!  My friend ordered the poached eggs (basically Eggs Benedict), and it was amazing as well, with super fresh ingredients and yummy potatoes on the side.+Great menu.  We kept looking over at the other tables and drooling.  Fried egg pizza, fresh fruit platter, pancakes, oh my.+Not very crowded, and the seats were comfy (we were in a booth).+Less expensive than we thought: a mimosa for each of us, an appetizer to split and a main dish each came to about $30 per person before tip.Now for the negatives:-I tried to order a peach bellini, but our waitress told us that the bartender wasn't there yet, so they couldn't make it.  Um, so why do you have it on the menu?  I ended up with a mimosa, which was just as good, but I kind of really wanted a bellini.-We split the donuts with huckleberries and creme anglaise, but it was kind of hard and dense, and it was cold.  When we ordered, the waitress told us that it would take awhile, so we said okay, but then we were puzzled when it came cold.  We asked if it was supposed to be like that, and she went and asked the chef, who said that they now serve it room-temperature.  It was okay, but for $7 and 3 donut holes, I would've wanted it to be nice and piping hot, with the creme and icing oozing off the top.. which it clearly wasn't.-Parking sucks in the area, so we had to cab it.-Yelp said the attire was dressy, but for brunch it wasn't at all.  People were wearing jeans and sneakers, which seemed a bit too dressed down for a nicer place.Overall it was an awesome dining experience, and we're pretty excited to check it out at night sometime.Happy Valentine's/Singles Awareness Day!
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2010,4/19/2010,353,254,21,30,25>for the most part, i've been a serial creature of habit and a cave dweller until relatively recently.  ...shielding my eyes from the brilliance that the first steps from my cave induced, i quickly fluttered my eyes open and breathed in the slight scent of adventures to come.an outing w/the lovely jessica t. was long overdue.  after hitting up another notable establishment, we needed a little nourishment, so jessica suggested that we go to sunflower cafe.first impression?  not fancy.  not divey either.  just perfect for this evening.  there were several tables that were in the middle of their meal, and my sideways glances resulted in a momentary, subtle, celebratory, 'yesss!' when i saw the sizable portions of their entrees.  i decided on the vermicelli w/bbq pork (lemongrass marinade) & imperial rolls ($7.95).  the wait time was very brief, and the portion was big.  the imperial rolls' wrapper was nice and crispy, but not greasy (SO important), and the pork was cooked and marinated nicely.  the chopped greens and cucumbers at the bottom of the bowl weren't soggy and seemed like they were cut fresh to order.  the fish sauce that also came w/the dish wasn't overwhelmingly fishy, which was good.  sure, i may slip back into cave dwelling habits, but it's unlikely that i'll want to stay for very long in the dark, knowing that there are quite a few places out there that beckon w/big, tasty portions that will easily give me four meals.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2009,4/18/2010,307,514,19,19,21>Smooth, and sultry groove-town,Happy-hour mojitos suit the mood,Just a couple of gals here, doin' the Bossa Nova.Mountain of delectable mussels in coconut milk, Asparagus with tasty mushrooms side,Make a compelling prelude to the incredible chicken cooked in wine.3 1/2 vacationy  hours here, end sweetly with a wink from the guitar player, Thanks sir, but not nearly as smooth as this perfect flan,With burnt sugar coconut glaze . . . ahhhhh.Just a couple of gals here, licking this "New Trend,*"Bodies aching now, for more.*Portuguese : bossa = trend + nova = new
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2009,4/17/2010,1251,575,15,21,19>I had the honor and sudden pleasure of arranging a birthday dinner for a friend who had told NOBODY that it was his birthday.So, with two hours' notice, I had to pick a venue and get people attending.  Nobody I know is going to eat their birthday dinner alone - not on my watch.Well, we had nine people at dinner and the location I picked was Anh Hong Restaurant.  I had heard lots of things about Anh Hong, but every opportunity to go had been sabotaged by one thing or another.First off - seven courses of anything for $18.95 is a bargain.  Make it beef, and you have an almost automatic fan.  Two in our party knew the owner well, and special treatment was rolled out to us - much appreciated!We had the Vietnamese raw beef dish, and it was good.  The quality of meat was fresh and lean.We all ordered our drinks - and several of us opted for the white wine.  The owner didn't ask which, so I assumed there was only one and expected nothing great.  However, what he served a Mosel Riesling that was FANTASTIC.  Even cooler was that once we got our drinks, he basically dropped off the bottle of wine at our table for the price of 3 glasses of wine.I think I fell slightly in love at that moment.He asked us if we'd be having the regular seven courses of beef, and one of my friends  told him to just give us whatever is best.Well, folks - the seven courses of beef turned into more of a 10 courses of sensation.  The first dish that came out was a salad of some sort, and it definitely wasn't beef (more like pork).  It tasted great, seasoned perfectly, and was very refreshing.  Then came the rice wrappers, hot water, vegetables and other condiments as  the other meats came pouring out of the kitchen.  Included was this ENORMOUS prawn type creatures that were cooked perfectly (they were so big I initially thought they were lobsters) as well as fresh beef, sausages of some sort, wrapped and unwrapped, etc.  It was ENDLESS food.ENDLESS!Some people threw in the towel after 4-5 courses; I, myself, chugged along to the end with a few others, but I was on the verge of throwing in the same proverbial towel when the porridge came out and I realized the onslaught of food had finally ended.  (The porridge, by the way, looked mediocre but tasted amazing; perfect ending to a perfect meal.)ALL of us were unreasonably full.Anh Hong serves up delicious food, and while the neighborhood is a bit shady - DO GO and try the SEVEN COURSE BEEF.  It's so good, and such a great meal and experience to share w/ friends.The service - everyone from the owner to the waiters - were exemplary.  They were efficient, and got the job done fast.  Everything we needed, we got.I was there last week, and while I am out of town for the next week or so, I intend to go back before 2009 is over to have it one more time.  It's delicious.Having said all that - our million course meal came at a higher price that broke down to $43/person.  Since each of us had 2-3 drinks each, factoring that into the $18.95 cost would equal about $32 or so, and the addition of the shrimp and such, along with the raw beef we ordered in the beginning, brought the total significantly higher.  Even so, the meal was well worth it.The place can easily accommodate large groups; just call ahead and ask them for a reservation.ANH HONG is AWESOME.And Happy Birthday, Nelson!!!!
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2010,4/16/2010,935,1053,25,39,37>Hands down my favorite meal of the year. Hell, it's probably one of the best meals that I've ever had the pleasure of enjoying. Let me walk you through it...First off, even with three weeks notice we were only able to snag a 10pm reservation for a Saturday night. As most of my friends can confirm, if I don't eat by 7pm I get quite cranky. So 10 is definitely pushing it...but after hearing nothing but glowing reports I decided to suck it up, have a late afternoon snack and pretend I was European for one night.We ordered the following:Bacon Beignets - bacony yet light. Fried yet not a grease bomb. These were even better than the sound.Panisse Frites - aka chickpea fritters. These might be better than the beignets and when I say something veggie is better than something bacony, well, you know they must be good.Grilled calamari - nice chunks of perfectly cooked calamari. Again, a very light dish that packed a ton of flavor.Ricotta gnochhi - little pillows of heaven! Quite possibly the best gnocchi that I've ever had (and I'm quite the gnocchi whore)Sonoma duck breast - duck is something that I would never order as my entree but I really enjoyed the version at Frances. I think I even had two bites instead of my usual one!Caramelized Atlantic scallops - I keep using the word perfect in this review but that sums up pretty much everything we ordered: the scallops were perfectly cooked, crispy on one side yet cooked through without being rubbery. Baby turnips w/ bacon - nothing says spring like root vegetables paired with pork!Frances is one of the hottest tables in the city right now, and for good reason. Service was fantastic and the food sublime - this is the perfect date restaurant! In the past I've often struggled when people ask me about my favorite restaurant in San Francisco. Now I can say without hesitation: Frances.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2009,4/15/2010,1070,429,56,40,39>As is the nature between girls, I recently showed my BFF a picture of a dude I was interested in. The exchange went a little something like this:Devon: So here's the guy. What do you think?BFF: He doesn't look like your type.Devon: Huh? He's totally my type, I promise!*Devon's Brain: Oh fuck, she doesn't think he's cute. Do I go with "He's just not really photogenic" or do I play up the "But he's got a great personality!" angle?BFF: Oh no, I didn't mean it like that. I just mean he doesn't seem like a total metro or a pretentious douche.Fair enough. It's a bit disconcerting when your future maid-of-honor can whittle down your type so unceremoniously but I can't really argue with her surmises. The girl has a point.Kilowatt is like that gentleman...upon first glance, not my type at all. I like to dress up a bit to go out, and I like the other attendees to be sporting polos and designer jeans. And Kilowatt seems like every other psuedo-divey Mission bar. It's a little dingy and rough around the edges, and the patrons often look somewhat disheveled. The bar is big, but it's full of cranky pool players who growl at you when you try to go back to the bathroom. But it works.It works because they have an excellent beer selection at affordable prices, and the bartenders are awesome at suggesting something new if you're burned out on the same old pint. And despite my criticisms of the crowd, the people are usually friendly and there have definitely been some striped shirt diamonds in the rough. It's one of the few bars in the Mission I actually ENJOY going to. In a way, because it's so wrong, it's so right.*It turns out I was correct and he was my type in that after our first date he faded off into oblivion. While you wonder if my abandonment issues are real or staged, I'm gonna head over to Kilowatt, enjoy a pint of Downtown Brown, and hope that my view of the place isn't clouded by an angry pool player shiving me with his cue.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2009,4/14/2010,202,203,18,26,30>This is my happy place... the place I go to when:1. I want to tune the world out and tune myself in2. I want to stare into wide open spaces and just blank out my mind of everyday thoughts, feeling, emotions3. I want to write or read or do absolutely nothing but sip tea4. I want to smile at every person who passes by5. I want to find warmth, comfort and a place to just "veg out" and reflect... maybe I shouldn't be writing this review for the crowds that might show up now!It's strange... every time I come here, I feel like the pace of life slows down, I get in touch with myself (no, not touch myself... get in touch with myself!) and I leave happier, calmer and in tune with the world... all this from a tea place?!I've been here for brunch, lunch and high tea (yup! british indian desi!) and each time have been thoroughly satisfied with the ambience, the service, the food and of course, the tea!I'm a fan of:1. Matcha Tea Service & Cookies - perfect for two or just one if you're in a munchy mood2. Samovar Masala Chai - so much like home made chai back home with a spicy kick3. Lychee Black Tea - perfect for those looking for a blend of the strength of black tea and the fruitiness of lychee4. Samovar Sweet Yerba Mate Blend - my all time favorite thing to order! Comes in an awesome cup with a filter straw and warms your hand. Kind of tastes like fresh rain, sweet, fruity but woody5. Japanese Maki Bowl (Tofu or Salmon), Soup, and Ryokucha Brown Rice Tea - absolutely filling and refreshing6. Indian Tofu Curry, Basmati Rice, & Masala Chai - very tasty, flavorful and filling. Watch as the aroma attracts passers by7. Egg Bowl - great brunch item8. Shitake Mushroom or Smoked Salmon Quiche - good if you're not heavy into meat9. Homemade Assorted Cookies Plate - the lavender cookie is to die forThe wait staff are absolutely the friendliest and always seem to be calm and cheerful... but not in an over caffeinated way... in a spiritual way.Go to Samovar... and you might just find yourself... happy, content and at peace with yourself and the world. Om mani padme hum.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2010,4/13/2010,541,1054,29,34,21>Rainbow is:A great resourceEmployee-runHealthyVegetarian and vegan-friendly.On coupon day, Rainbow is:InsaneHere are some tips to follow on coupon day (or any day) to keep your sanity while buying wholesome, delicious foods.  No one should have to die over a bag of flax seed.1. Do not park your car in the garage. You may never leave, or at least pop a vein in anger at the clusterfuck that you are guaranteed to find yourself in the middle of. You might be tempted to throw your vine-ripened organic tomatoes at people's heads - don't do it. Park on the street and walk.2. Go with a friend. It will help you keep your sanity and focus as you slowly lose your mind.3. Do the Cart Park. That is, get a cart, but then park it somewhere near where you need your supplies. Dart to and fro, stopping back at the cart every once in awhile to drop things off. This will make your experience exponentially faster and less frustrating.4. Make a list, and stick to it. Otherwise you will find yourself buying some of the weirdest things you have ever heard of, which you will discover taste like the cardboard box they are packaged in. They will be doomed to the back of your cupboard, because you will refuse to throw something away that you paid $8 for.5. Learn the nuances of buying in bulk. It's one of the best things about shopping at Rainbow, and everyone knows this, so the area is swarming with people, who tend to get cranky. Fill up your bag, memorize the bin number, write this number on a twist tie, and twist it around the bag with the number showing clearly. Don't take more than you need and then put the rest back. That's just gross. Do not sample. It's not a bowl of chex mix at a bar.5. Bring your own bags. Otherwise, you will get the "look" as you reach for a paper shopping bag, which means that you are resource-draining, consciousless n00b.You're welcome.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2009,4/12/2010,448,188,20,26,25>Bite has crammed a dozen or so specialty sandwiches plus a list of make-your-own sandwich ingredients, pasta, quiche, potato salad, rotisserie chicken, 6 kinds of sausages, soup, salads, by-the-pound meats and cheeses, three cooks and an owner/cashier into a teeny tiny storefront. In doing so, they have bridged the gap between Dolce Gelato and the convenience store next door to create a new oasis on Sutter St., where a row of tables and chairs has sprung up to accommodate all new patrons.I had the Gouda Good - rotisserie chicken, Gouda, lettuce, tomato, onion, pepperhouse sauce, mustard and jalapenos. There was a ton of moist, tasty chicken and the combination of ingredients was wonderful.Boyfriend had The Day After Thanksgiving - turkey, cranberry sauce, Swiss, lettuce, tomato, and onion. It was also very good. We shared the German potato salad. It had bacon in it. Bacon!This is the sort of business we love to see opening in the neighborhood. Something for the people who live here, that doesn't abuse their wallets or their taste buds. I'd wish the owner luck, but he doesn't need it. Al fresco dining in SF on the super cheap, featuring everything from sandwiches to chicken to crepes to gelato... perhaps even a brown bagged brew? Have I mentioned it's open til two?
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2005,7/29/2005,10,3,5,5,6>When I was a kid in Viet Nam crazy grandmother sent me off to the monastery for 8 hours a day. I was the only kid in the bunch and as such had to sit in the back (go ahead, take a few minutes to fathom sitting a 5 year old kid in one place for 8 hours chanting rosary). If I was good, they gave me a banana at the end. On the weekends I ate with the monks. I'm still scarred from that experience but damn--the food stayed with me. Trust me on this, if you had to sit still for 8 hours, you'd look for something to look forward to as well.  A while back a vegetarian friend took me to The Golden Era. Being a meat loving, beer chugging MAN (dammit!!) I rolled my eyes and played along. All my doubt went down with my first sip of the mixed vegetable soup. Actually, the fact that the place was packed with about 7 monks really gave it away. I hope you think me no less a man for making this recommendation but hey a pack of monks can't be wrong and everything is under $6--AND if you want meat, it is scary what they can do with soy.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2005,7/28/2005,0,0,,,>My wife and I have taken Swing, waltz (boring) and Argentine Tango (awesome) here with some great instructors. like any business, it is only as good as the people who work there and the people here are great. It isn't a pretty place by any means but it gets the job done. I would recommend private instruction as large groups don't have the individual attention you need to really become excellent. when you are good enough to join in on open dance nights it is both a great way to meet fun people who share a common interest and a fantastic venue to practice dancing in groups and gain your confidence.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2005,7/27/2005,0,1,2,3,6>Hello readers,  First off, I will tell you that I am, in fact, a bartender at the now notorious SF Badlands.  If you haven't figured it out, my user name should be a clue for you denser ones.  I have worked at Badlands for two years now.  The guys there are my guys.  They are some of the greatest and kindest souls I have ever known in the gay world.  In fact, I was actually trained to tend bar by Derek Turner, the founder of the anti-Badlands movement.  The claims made by Derek are nothing more than unfounded complaints by a disgruntled employee who didn't get time off from work that he wanted.  I can't even go to the gym without having someone hassle me about working at that bar.  Here is the truth, people.  We don't hate you if you are black, Asian, or anything else.  We hate you if you are stupid, or a bad tipper.  We don't care who you are.  Most of the time, we don't even know who you are.  That is why we call everyone "hunny" or "baby."  Its a job and that is what it is.  Since working there, Les Natali has never once raised his voice to me or degraded me.  I  had no bar experience and he made me a bartender.   I have known nothing but kindness from him.  These years old complaints against us are as valuable as the paper they are written on.  The Human Rights Commission can conduct as many interviews with reject drunken patrons as they want, but until the the question "were you intixicated?" is added to the list, go by some cheese for that whine.  And why the SF School Board is protesting our bar is beyond me.  I would love to know which of their students they encourage to partonize our bar!  Let that be a clear sign that Badlands is the latest political scapegoat.  Take a lesson out of your own book, San Francisco.  Before you judge us, come and visit us for yourselves.  I know, that wouldn't be holding with our fine American tradition of THINKING FOR OURSELVES!
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2005,7/26/2005,340,166,16,14,16>"Can I get some more naan, please?"  I don't come to the financial district to make friends, I'm all about the biz...  but on this one occasion, I was enjoying the Bollywood action when I realized my naan basket was empty... I asked Gil for a refill and he brought me a cigar and a glass of merlot.  Besides the minor translation difficulty, I really, really enjoyed the food.  As we say in my line of work, "it's tasty for the price and you can't beat the smiley service".  Grab some Bukowski at City Lights Books just down the street and camp at a table where you can keep an eye on the Charles Nelson Reilly inspired dancers on the TV and enjoy the all-you-cat -eat Indian buffetery.  Go at nine.  Eat some orange sauce on rice.  Read a couple of short stories and grin at the produce guy as he carts in fresh vegetables for lunch.  At 10, go for the green sauce and dip in the naan.  Don't over do it.  I'm speaking from experience.  Drink water and just relax.  It's all-you-can-eat.  These gentlemen aren't in a hurry to get you out of the door.  At around 11:30, it's time to plate it up.  Don't hold back now.  The food is fresh and the lunchtime rush of 5 people are getting ready at their cubes out there somewhere to migrate to the heat lamps for spices and boring conversations about people that aren't around.  Better get it all while you can.  The orange and the green and the juicy red sauces on the rice and hot as all...  The toasty naan under napkin cloth waiting to be smothered with the sumptious buttery oil essence.  Make a salad.  Eat some milk rice.  They've got a great variety... you won't be let down.You might see me there.  Reading by the candlelight...  trying not to laugh too hard at the music videos.  I've been there since 9 or 10...  I'm not leaving until 3.  It's . . what . . 8 bucks?  I've never got more bang for my buck."No, I said 'naan', but thanks for the candle."
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2005,7/26/2005,376,410,3,1,1>Instant transportation to SE Asia, with all the luscious foliage and monkey drawings and flaming red bowls. Plenty of hip people hanging out listening to House music enjoying a mini-vacation while drinking flourescent cocktails. We shared a Bowl of Monkeys, (a flaming hawaiian volcano with mind crushing lava),  between four of us and then later I look over and see a table of two pint sized blondes slurping up the last drops of a BoM and I had to congratulate them. After meandering over I grabbed their shoulders and surprised them and then congratulated them on their recent triumph. We hi-fived and then they let me know that this was their second BoM. I suddenly felt small and crawled back to my friends.  The bartenders are good peeps who will do you the favor of calling you a cab when they want you to leave. Good times.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2005,7/25/2005,39,29,15,2,3>Okay, I get the whole (very) thinly veiled teen porn aesthetic.  And the clothes are great reproductions of old basics that I've found in thrift stores.  Sometimes I think the designers are basing the whole line on me and my gym outfits--  short 70s shorts, tube socks, holla!  But here's the thing, guys.  When I'm in the dressing room, it's about ME, 'kay?  It is NOT about a thirty-installment series of a high schooler and her newfound crotch.  Oh, you think it is?  Well it's not.  How am I supposed to decided whether I want the baby rib or the girly crewneck when I'm being asked to attend to some amateur model's realtime discovery of her sexuality?  Shopping takes CONCENTRATION, people.  Give me some blank walls and a good mirror.  Thanks.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2005,7/24/2005,1,0,,1,>I was surprised that this awesome program isn't already listed here.  I'm just finishing up my fourth week of camp, and the SF program (the camp is also in other Bay Area cities) seems to have a cult following with many women who come back session after session.Kristi, the SF coach is one of the most positive and motivating people to be around and is more like a coach/friend than an intimidating drill sargeant. This program is great for people of most fitness levels as the coach caters the activites to your fitness level, and the classes get harder as the 4 week session progresses.  I started in fairly good shape, and after the first few days I was more sore than I'd been in years.  The class is very motivating though and inspired me to challenge myself more and sign up for the NIke 1/2 marathon in Oct. and the Honlolulu full marathon in Dec.I gave it four stars instead of five because it may not be quite challenging enough for someone who is already a competive athlete  or long-time gym rat- though it could be just the thing to spice up a  boring routine.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2005,7/23/2005,3636,1196,3,3,2>first off, this IS NOT in SOMA. its def in the TL. as i was waiting for my boyfriend nearby a very disoriented, stumbling guy came up to me opened his hands revealing an enormous nugg taking up both his palms and flashed me the happiest, toothless grin. gotta love SF, but not for the crackheads...anyway, this place reminds me of a lil shop in a middle eastern bazaar, this would make sense as the stock is from india, pakistan, indonesia and afghanistan. the owner and his wife are super nice and will chat you up about the beautiful jewelry (ranging from the gaudy and ornate to simple and delicate in all forms of silver, gold and bronze), the exquisite handiwork of the wooden masks and boxes, the fabric of the tunics and the beading on the shoes. ULTIMATE GIFT SHOP. but be warned, they will attempt to sell you anything you show even the mildest interest in. fortunately, its not the prices that will stop you. this is my treasure trove. "how many wonders can one cavern hold? looking around here you think, they've got everything! they've got gadgets and gizmos a plenty, they've got whos its and whats its galore!"
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2005,7/22/2005,849,1374,7,6,5>While their meat dishes are far weaker, Sai's excels at the vegetarian stuff. Their green beans in black bean sauce are the stuff dreams are made of. Zzzzz Mmmmm Zzzzz Mmmmm Zzzzz Mmmmm
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2005,7/21/2005,0,8,1,2,1>This is the last punk business on 18th street.  Leave your Audi at home (walk there) and enjoy an expertly made latte on the wooden bench outside.  Or if this bench is full, sit on the stoop of the house two doors down and enjoy the sunny mission.  This is some of the best (and reasonably priced) coffee in 'hood.  Long live Faye's!
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2008,8/4/2008,215,199,21,23,23>Along came mid-terms & a paper about Ethics in Journalism. Per usual, I procrastinated until the last possible moment to whoop that bad boy out. I won't bore you with the details about the paper...but I managed to spend 5 hours doing it at Velo Rouge cafe.My day started with the The Indurain; Jack, Swiss, Cheddar & Sliced Tomatoes on a Sourdough Roll--pretty damn good. I finished lunch, and started typing away. After about 5 pages, it was time for a mid-afternoon cookie break. I'm a cookie monster if you haven't figured that out from the trend of my recent reviews. Velo Rouge comes through--soft & fresh cookies & a tall glass of milk for $2.75. The cookie was finished, milk mustache in full-effect & I was on the home stretch for my 10-page paper. I burned out a few more pages, wrapped it up & then decided it was time for a celebratory beer.CHIMAY!!! Mmmmm....sweet sweet beer.I love you.Matter of fact, I had two.While not the cheapest spot, Velo Rouge Cafe offers a great selection of food, coffee/tea & even good beer. And they have FREE INTERNETS!!!
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2008,8/2/2008,17,72,20,25,19>Our second weekend brunch at Brendas, and another five star meal.First the food, then the politics of the waiting list and line etiquette.Last time I had the pancakes with vanilla bean cream sauce, and they were the best pancakes I have ever had in my whole life.  Normally I reserve pancake eating for festive occasions like community pancake breakfasts where firefighters with mustaches flip flap jacks.  Every pancake experience I have had prior to Brenda's left me feeling like I had a lump of dough in my stomach for the better part of the day, which is fine if that's the feeling you are going for.  However, Brenda's pancakes were light and airy, and the vanilla bean sauce added just a touch of sweetness, but didn't overpower the pancake.  Deelish.Today I had plain old scrambled eggs, potato hash and a cream biscuit.  You know a place is amazing when they can do plain old brunch just as well as special exciting brunch.  Eggs were light, fluffy and not oily, potato hash had some extra zing, and the biscuit was flaky and buttery but not dense.  Round it out with OJ and a really fantastic cup of coffee (called Snooze blend- the menu says it is "Hand-picked, blended and shipped directly to us from a little farm in Guatemala"), and you have a little bit of French Soul Food Brunch Heaven.Now as to the lines: as we were leaving today (around 11:30) the line outside had grown considerably, and someone wanted to know if it was really worth it, and the answer is YES.However, some things to know about the line:1) There is a sign in sheet.  Write your name and the size of your party.  Duh.2) They won't seat you if your whole party isn't there.  So, don't put 4 if your friend's friend's cousin's brother's girlfriend may or may not joining you.  Then, when they call your name and said person is not there, don't have a temper tantrum because they won't seat you.  This place is *tiny* and so they are doing everyone a favor by utilizing every seat.  2 people are not going to be sat at a table for four.  3) DO NOT cross of other people's names who are ahead of yours.  I SAW YOU DO THAT TODAY you in the white shorts.  You are very lucky we, whose names you crossed off, got seated immediately after you, otherwise you would have been dubbed the Asshole Who Wears White Shorts and Cuts In Line.  Bad bad behavior.  No brunch for you.Brenda's is worth the wait, so just be prepared!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2007,8/1/2008,465,700,33,35,38>I don't even know what to say. I'm at a loss for words, and those of you who really know me know that's a rarity.The old me might have blathered on for hours or written paragraphs about the interior of Oxen Rose being hip and modern.The old me might have written about how awesome the coffee/wine bar is upstairs and how I got a lil buzz on with chemicals in my hair.The old me prolly would have thanked Damiano for the conversation, professionalism and confidence to rock a new do, and Jessica for the recommendation.The old me would have told Yelpers to go here to get their hair done cuz its actually affordable, and I left with a cut, color,  partial highlights, and tip for under $200.But that's not me anymore.I'm at a loss for words.I look in the windows as I walkI stare in mirrors constantlyI find it strange that when people look at me I don't know what they are seeing anymore...cuz I don't know what I look likeI'm gonna rock short hair for a while.People like it.I think I do too.Next comes the tattoo that I will rock better with the short hair too.  Change is good.It's time.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2007,7/31/2008,412,187,49,45,43>I'm getting a bit tired of being a jobless little dilettante and with a few weeks left before I flee the country, I turned to the kind folks at Premier Staffing for some short term work. The place seemed well run and off the bat, the staff was attentive and friendly. While filling out paper work I even got asked out by another person waiting for an interview. Then the little voice in my head chimed in "Mary, you met this guy at an employment company, IE: he has no job" Blast you conscience! But wow, I'm a sucker for a tailored suit and some wing tips. Excuse my digression.....So I interview with Elainea and she's great at making me feel at ease and even highlighting some of my better points. "You should really put that in your resume" "You did that? Amazing, you're so qualified". Oh.... that was a fine ego stroke. Within 15 minutes of my interview she already had a job lined up for me... starting tomorrow! She also assured me that I could come to her with any questions and she would check up with emails. Lo and behold, there was an email from her waiting for me when I got home. =)YAY! Now I can start complaining about work like the rest of you punks!**excited!!**
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2008,7/29/2008,355,431,31,24,29>I must have been feeling homesick following this thread last week: yelp.com/topic/san-franc…. That and my instant Sapporo Ichiban tasted like shit for some reason. So I sauntered down to Eva's yesterday in my sweats, seeking a big ol bowl of saimin, aka instant island comfort. My carb kanak attack kicking in, instead I ended up getting the kim chi fried rice topped with an overeasy egg, which was sooooo onolicious I have no words.I'd been opting for Red A Bakery right down the street lately, since they do charge less for heartier-sized plate lunches. But after scoping out Eva's menu, I'm actually pretty impressed with the range of Hawaiian cuisine available... I mean, WOW LAU LAU, you can even get lau lau! That you cannot find at the Chinese competitor down the street, folks.They also have a nice little collection of Hawaiian gifts and trinkets for sale now, including "Hawaiian Word Book." You know, the classic Hawaiian coloring book, with a rainbow and bird on the cover? Where my kama'aina at?!? Hooo, from da kine hanabada days, brah!And that's enough pidgin for tonight.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2007,7/28/2008,120,82,10,15,17>5 big, fat, shining stars for Boulette's.I cannot overstate how much I love, love, and love this place.  It is, and has been, the most exciting restaurant for me for quite a while now - in fact, I am shocked it's taken me this long to write it up.  And it's not even a real (i.e. with dinner service, wine program, etc.) restaurant.  I get this excited about LUNCH, people.  Lunch, which for the most part, includes less-than-scintillating colleagues, and due to the absence of the aforementioned wine program, does not include booze.  How is that possible?Because the food is that good.  I dare say it is the highest-quality food available in a San Francisco restaurant (well, with the exception of Quince and, if you extend to the East Bay, Chez Panisse).   It's not the best total restaurant - only because it's not a total restaurant.  But on the level of pure food, Boulette's is it.  Best producers.  Up-to-the-minute seasonality.  Not even a tiny skimp in quality, not a shortcut, not a cheat, not anything less than fanatically, fantastically respective of what the ingredients are and can, with only a teeny bit of coaxing, become.  This is food in its most ideal form.And I am lucky enough to eat here regularly, due to the proximity of my office and frequency of business lunches.  So that means I often come with complete food neophytes that make such jaw-dropping requests as asking for dressing on the side (here, are you crazy?  Let them do their thing!).  But even though these non food-people don't TRULY get it, I can see their eyes opening up to how good something can, and should, be.  And that makes me feel good.This kind of feeling good is not cheap (I buy a lot of pantry items here too, and I swear have come home with teensy amounts of spices that cost more than the meat I put them on) - nor should it be.  You get what you pay for.  I make plenty of sacrifices to shop and eat here, because food this beautiful is worth every penny.  I long for the day when I've accumulated enough of those pennies to have a private after-hours dinner party here... sigh.  A girl can dream, right?
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2007,7/27/2008,368,167,27,26,27>Did you break a tooth while attempting to impress that sorority girl by opening a beer bottle with your teeth?Are your teeth rotting because you've overdosed on sugary coffee drinks every morning and afternoon at your corner coffee conglomerate?Are you terrified of the dentist because of movies like Little Shop of Horrors and the Whole Ten Yards?Well, Dr. Samuel C. Thacher may be the solution to your problems.  I credit this man for restoring my faith in dentists.  His impeccable "chairside manner" can soothe the most dentist-averse patient.  As the name implies, they use some high tech equipment including digital x-rays and an available iPod if you want to tune out during your time there.  Dr. Thacher's staff is every bit as helpful.  They will take care of your routine cleanings, maintenance, and billing!Just remember, not all dentists are like Orin Scrivello.[Disclaimer: The questions presented in this review are hypothetical and are in no way an account of the author's biographical information.]
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2008,7/26/2008,490,1086,31,23,23>I'm sort of a nightmare to be in a relationship with. The road behind me is littered with all kinds of men who just couldn't hack it with me. I wasn't hedonistic enough for Party King of SF, I was too much PARTY for the PartyBot himself, and I was simply TOO MUCH (and yet, not asian enough)for Asian Fetish guy. Somehow, I've managed to find my own pot of gold at the end of the boyfriend rainbow. As much as I love Boy, though, I am still, on occasion, a holy terror.So once again, because of my emotional outbursts, I felt the need to compensate Boy with Lunch. Anytime I buy lunch, it's probably because I did something I wish to erase with food. This time my tantrum was pretty minimal, so we hit up this hole-in-the-wall for some gy(please-forgive-me)ros and shw(I'm-sorry)ermas. Once again (because he is a saint), the deliciousness of this mediterranean fare immediately soothed any ruffled feathers I may have imagined (Boy insists he was never mad at me to begin with...because I'm crazy...and he knew that when we started this whole thing). For $6.50 you can schwerma or gyro away the pain in a HUGE way. Can there be such a thing as too much chicken? I never thought so until today. I barely finished my gyro and I only ate the filling- not the bread. For another $3.50 you can spread some extra love on top of that apology with Baladie's outrageously delicious hummus. For another $1.25 or so, you can really drive home the "I'm sorry" with a diet coke. Which will most certainly not fit in your tummy once that other stuff is in there. We ate in and it was fine- several cramped tables and it's a little noisy, but just fine for a quick lunch (and peace talk-imaginary or real).
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2008,7/25/2008,218,378,38,43,43>i was the envy of my co-workers last tuesday at lunch when they saw me holding my left over half toasted hoagies, THE LUNA. i was also this person who had the most spectacular lunch meal that day, that everyone in that break room would like to trade their boring dishes of whatever in their plastic tupperware. no way i would exchange my food over theirs, nor they can have a bite of my delicious hoagie!so they were amazed where i bought that impressive grinder in my hand. i told them, "only at miller's east coast deli."this deli place serves stunning choices of NY/Jewish type toasted, grilled hoagies, sandwiches, hotdogs, hot plates, bagels, soup, salads, desserts & etc.the LUNA is a BBQ brisket, with melted cheddar cheese, coleslaw and russian dressing, served on a pleasantly toasted french bread. i asked for macaroni salad as my side ( the mac was really tasty, albeit they used sour cream, instead of a mayo..it was cool & fresh to the mouth) and the homemade pickle was pretty thick and big. enjoyable plate of heaven indeed.the other hoagie that was ordered was the DATZU. once again, this was incredibly yum!it was just your basic tuna salad, with sliced tomato, dill havarti and lettuce, but it was well-prepared and delectable. the side for this one was the chunky tasty potato salad.our hands did not get that messy, no sauces dripping...just beautiful CRUSTS of the bread and we only used two napkins each.the sandwich maker doesn't need to OD on such spreads or condiments, for the generous meats they put are full-flavored & fresh. they also know how to pick a vendor who sells decent & excellent bread...and they sure know how to rightly toast it, because when i put it in our mini toaster oven at work, it tasted and came out like it was freshly made!i'll definitely have my co-workers drool to death while i eat a left over sammie from this place AGAIN.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2008,7/24/2008,456,631,34,37,37>Bombshell Betty is my girlcrush.She basically told me to get over myself and shake a tail feather, no matter how I felt about myself, or what jiggled where.She taught me the ways of the boa, chair and hip grind. All of which, I"m sure one day, my man will enjoy. Much to his dismay, I won't let him see anything til I've perfected the routine. That's not to say that I don't heartily enjoy the bump-N-grind warm ups Betty taught us and use them for the powers of good rather than evil....I'm still working on the choreography part, but that's one reason I decided to take her class.Ya see, I got class, I just got no rhythm. And I mean, I'm really terrible.But you don't feel discriminated against in Betty's class. You get to laugh, learn, talk about why you are taking this class, feel encouraged by other woman and not feel intimidated by them. I usually left class feeling like "hey, I just got a workout!" or "Gee, where can I get a good black corset on sale??" I've also gone through about ten pairs of fishnets since I started, heh.I think my next venture is to take the Pin Up workshop. There's nothin finer than drinking champagne and tryin' on pasties with your fellow girlies.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2007,7/6/2007,1501,948,29,41,59>I was thinking of the review for my 200 because Yelp is important thing for me. Whatelse I can be so honest about my self. I think because I AM NOT YELPING FOR ANTBODY'S FAVOR.I don't lie on Yelp, I never make a story on Yelp, I always talk exact what a happened on Yelp.Truth and Fact, it won't happen so often.Fake, Lie and Camouflage everywhere in the real world.So,I choose this place for my 200 because I was very inspired by Ed U's review so I went there.But I was just wondering why he wrote that :"ALL WE ARE SAYING ...IS GIVE - SPLIT PEA - A CHANCE !!!"Well, I understood right after I walked in here.It was 7:40 AM.I saw a few junkies around the corner, homeless people, filthy hotels and a woman in wheelchair yelled at a man cross the street.Yep, this is a typical morning for 6th Street and Mission Street.Sigh.But, the chef has a lot of guts to try to make business going at this location and making decent food.That's why.I had a breakfast, Crostata with egg and coffee.It was a little too rich for me but well done.Fresh drip- coffee was really good!It does sound like they only have split pea soup, but they have sandwitches, cookies and fresh salad that I'd like to try next time.My son told me that this place is doing right because their selection of the menu changes daily, that shows the chef uses fresh ingredients.I didn't know that.I'm always lerning something from my sons.This is the great truth.This is a small restaurant has no tables.But this small restaurant is trying to change the 6th Street between Mission and Howerd BIG!I was moved by just walked in there and talk to the lady who is working really hard.I felt there is great warm air divide inside store and the 6th Street nasty sidewalk.I was moved by this down to earth, small restaurant only opens for breakfast and lunch.I saw it.Truth and Fact.There is a hope on the 6th Street.And there is something all of Yelper can! Change the world doing just Yelp!I am very proud to announce on my 200th review's sayin',"ALL WE ARE SAYING  IS GIVE-SPILIT PEA - A CHANCE !!!".Please check ED U's review & the website to find more detail!
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2006,7/5/2007,1258,548,167,32,55>KRISTINA DIGESTION WATCH...(not for young children or the faint of heart)Hour 1:  Alarming development of new fat flap on sides of stomach.  Did not know that love handles could have love handles.  Hour 2:  Feeling kinda light headed...meat coma coming on hard and fast.  Too weak to pick up the remote.  Will pass out on couch while watching That's So Raven on T.V.Hour 3:  Groggy, but conscious.  Feeling like I swallowed a large meat brick.  Hour 4:  Have developed a bad case of the steak shakes.  Can't control motor function.  Tried to take an aspirin and almost poked my eye out.Hour 5:  Raging meat migraine.  Not unlike the feeling of being forced to watch Richard Simmons Sweatin' to the Oldies while being force fed aquarium gravel and being beat over the head with a cement garden gnome.  Also, meat dementia is setting in.Hour 6:  Found God.  Praying to Jesus and Mary for forgiveness and strength to overcome my apparent meat blockage.  There's no movement, as far as I can tell.  Only a solid block of meat sitting in my stomach.  I can only imagine it as trying to force a watermelon through the head of a sewing needle.  Hour 7:  Hoping for some sign of either digestion passing or vomit.  Either will do.  I'm not picky.  Someone please kill me.Hour 8:  Closed my eyes and saw a Teletubby french kissing one of the Wiggles...the one that wears the red turtleneck.  Disturbing, yet strangely intriguing.  The meat hallucinations are getting worse.  I'm scared to sleep, yet it beckons me with a vengeance. Hour 9:  WHY, GOD, WHY?!  RID MY STOMACH OF THIS UNNATURALLY LARGE PORTION OF MEAT, FOR THE LOVE OF ALL THAT IS GOOD AND HOLY!  I swear I will never cheat on Internet IQ tests!  I promise I won't shop at Wal-Mart ever again!  I'll stop stalking Bill O'Reilly and I'll quit sneaking flaming bags of dog poo on his doorstep...well...unless that will get me into Heaven, in which case I'll step up my efforts.Hour 10:  Found my happy place...I'm a kitten, you're a kitten, I'm a kitten, you're a kitten...Hour 11:  RELAPSE.  Ate a Slim Jim I found buried in the kitchen pantry.  God only knows how long it's been there.  I'm at DEF CON 1 on the meat meter.  I am becoming desperate.  Calling vegetarians for an intervention.  I may not make it...PRAY FOR ME.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2006,7/4/2007,359,743,46,44,41>Whoa, whoa whoa. Simma down nah!I think there is some undue harshness and misplaced aggression going on here. And I know this because I am the expert in both. So let's put it in some context.I will grant that in a restaurant's first few weeks, there are some snags, and some inconsistencies and some snafus, and methinks you all have encountered some of that, and perhaps because of the celebrity connection you've expected perfection. Or, perhaps you've noted that many NYC imports tend to fall flat in the execution (Ahem, Bliss Spa) so in your anticipation of mediocrity, you've found it. But are you kidding me with the whining about a $9 sandwich? Do you live in San Francisco?? Because I know you don't work downtown. I have walked through the valley of the shadow of expensive, shitty lunch food, and it is called the Financial District. Why don't you go see what $10 gets you at Napa Ranch or Max's or something, and then come back here? Any place that attempts to use quality ingredients, pay a smidgen of attention to design, has an up-to-date POS system and a pretentious drink selection (see: Mixt Greens, Sellers' Markets) in this market is going to be at this price point. The fact that you're so scandalized by it probably means you (a) are judging it unfairly because you watched Top Chef, or (b) didn't watch Top Chef in which case what is wrong with you? or (c) are not used to foraging for a decent lunch downtown. The desk job existence combined with an innate love of stuffing foods between two pieces of bread has left me a finely-tuned sandwich judging machine. Call it a sixth sense.  I don't know much (well, I'm being glib - I know everything) but I KNOW sandwiches. And I know that the chicken salad on whole grain I ate today has ruined me for chicken salad from this point forward. Pickled red onions. Walnuts and frisee. Fuck me.It's probably a four-star, realistically. I get that. I'll admit they have some underutilized space and awkward workflow in places, the furniture is a little spare for my taste, and they feature too much white bread. I hate white bread and it closes me off from many of their options. But it's fifty times better than anything that's ever been at Fifth and Mission, and for being an excellent addition to the streetscape I give it five stars. That, and the banana bread is like the best fucking thing I have ever eaten at 3:00pm.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2007,7/3/2007,262,294,27,15,22>Carla D. noticed that in the Plough & Stars, there's an old-school poster of Guinness being poured from a bottle into a pint glass, and in the foam head forming in the pint glass, there's a smiley face, drinking the last drop falling from the bottle.So, in effect, the Guinness is drinking ITSELF.This is beyond cannibalism -- we couldn't even decide what to call it. What do you call it when you eat YOURSELF?WHY WOULD THE GUINNESS DO THAT?! Seriously. Think about it. Eating YOURSELF? That's f@#!ing messed up.Well, after our quartet of friends enjoyed a pint each of Guinness at the Plough last night, we came upon the answer: Guinness, when poured right, is that good. I understand where the smiley face is coming from.The Plough & Stars knows how to pour.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2007,7/1/2007,127,127,43,14,30>Perhaps it's my strict Catholic upbringing or the fact that my grandmother once told me to keep my eyes open and ass (yes, ASS) closed right before a date or even the fact that my parents traumatized me as a child and teenager with their extremely LOUD lovemaking (i.e.  angry monkey sex).......not sure exactly why but every time I walk by this place, I feel odd and embarassed...and guilty.  I have to look away or look down or just walk really fast far far far away from this evil and sinful place.  I feel dirty and in need of confessing my sins to anyone who will listen.   Yeah...that only lasts for so long...girl's got needs and frankly, lately, Good Vibrations is the only place with the tools to satisfy.  My last purchase was a big disappointment though.  My fault entirely.  Blue toys are sooooooooooo not sexy!  Laziness doesn't help either.   The whole DO IT YOURSELF aspect of Good Vibrations' products, especially after a hard day at work, just doesn't do it for me (in more ways than one) sometimes.  I still love the place though.  It's fun and the staff is incredibly helpful.  I haven't yet met THE ONE (i.e.  the ONE vibrator that will turn my whole world around), but I look forward to sampling more of their products in the future.  Oh...and they sell books, too.  Check it out!
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2006,6/30/2007,358,3,27,32,30>Sing to the tune of the Pink Panther movies theme song;The DumpThe DumpThe Dump a Dump a Dum de Dump de DumpDa da da da dumpIt's the dump. Its a fancy dump though. Unlike the Colma dump where they charge you by looking at your stuff and then filling the trash into a hole in the ground, this dump has paved roads, special interior areas for dumping electronics, appliance,  paint etc. There is special charge for dumping TVs and computer monitors.   Your vehicle  gets weighed before and after to gage your price and trash is sorted into different areas to be disposed of accordingly. They have a special area for green, plant and wood waste as well so it can be composted. They will also buy back recyclables so if you are the shopping cart sort walking the streets and collecting bottles and cans, this is your place.They are open 7 days a week and most holidays. Junk picking is not allowed but you can sneak a thing or two. They have indoor bathrooms and a soda machine. Make sure you wear sunglasses or eye protection when dumping here. It gets very windy and the debris flies around and gets in your eyes. l call it "dump eye'. Sometimes there is candy for sale at the checkout window, benefiting a school or something. We call if "dump candy". They have an artist is residence that takes trash and builds installation on the hill above the main outdoor dump area (my photos attached) It's an arty dump.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2007,6/29/2007,401,241,42,35,41>I've been eating here for 30 odd years, upstairs and down, and have only had one meal that was less than great (a Monday night downstairs meal of a slightly overcooked bunny).Deceptively simple cuisine, prepared perfectly with sustainable and local ingredients, a balanced, extensive, and not outrageously priced wine list, and not too prissy service all combine to make a fine fine dining experience.People come here with high expectations, and because of that they are sometimes disappointed by the basic presentation and preparation of the cuisine. *They shouldn't be - Chez is not about pretense or show, it's about the food - where it's from, how it best expresses itself - in short *terroir*.    Sometimes, that's just a perfect peach on a plate.*  We once sat nearby to a man who was very upset.  Chez has a tendency to over describe menu items, and one dessert item  was listed as something like "Meyer Farms Babcock Peach."   The fellow had ostensibly ordered that, and it arrived - a perfect peach, presented Japanese style (stem and leaf still attached), on a plate.  He obviously had expected that they would do something with the peach - make a cobbler, pie, pudding, etc, out of it and he was pissed.  "I just spent $8 for a goddamned peach," he screamed. The waitstaff tried to calm him down, but he would have none of it.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2007,6/28/2007,212,262,44,29,34>This place is like a gingerbread house to me in the respect that I would like to eat everything inside of it, like, the walls and everything. This is the kind of neighborhood market you'd expect to find if you were living next to Martha Stewart and Ina Garten. The amount of delicious shit they pack into this place is enough to make Whole Foods blush. From the produce to the fresh fish and meat counter to the beverages to the deli counter Bi-Rite has just enough of a selection to give one options without overwhelming. And it's ALL good.I came here with The Kid to pick up some items for an impromptu picnic and came away with a bag of Veggie Bootie, a loaf of Acme bread, a perfect organic butter pear and a nice wedge of aged Gouda which The Kid picked out. She has excellent taste in cheese. Naturally, the prices reflect the quality of the food but being cheap with food has led to the proliferation of Mc Donald's and Buca di Beppo. Take responsibility, motherfuckers!You may be asking yourself, "Why is this dude spending his unemployment check on imported cheese and artisinal bread?" Well, you really don't know shit about me do you?
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2007,6/26/2007,204,309,50,39,50>LADIES! I GET IT NOW! I have seen the light (and dark)! Why it took so long, I don't know. I've lived around the corner from Chocolate Covered for years, and only set foot inside last week. My taste runs more the savory than the sweet. CC had about every variety from nearly every continent with any seasoning, salt, or infusible legal substance imaginable.After several samples of "feel the burn" chocolate with chili, burnt caramel and a spectrum of sea salts, 24th St. looked different, somehow. Everyone looked better, happier, HOTTER.  Did the temperature just go up? Why do I have the sudden urge to drop my panties? This I must research.According to thinkquest.com, Chocolate has a funny effect on human's nervous system. Chocolate contains chemicals that trigger the production of opioids. Opioids dull the pain and increase the feeling of well-being. Also, chocolate contains a brain neurotransmitter called -phenylethylamine. Studies have shown that people in love have unusually high amount of -phenylethylamine. It has the effect of high-energy and chocolate therefore, produces similar effects as being in love.I turned to look at my wife, who somehow looked the same as before the chocolate.You can't go any higher when the "hotness" needle is already pegged at eleven.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2007,6/25/2007,323,618,13,26,31>I've had a lot of pizzas delivered, but this was the first time I have ever been delivered to the pizza.I walked into Goat Hill on Harrison and 3rd, expecting to find the dangerous duo I was planning to meet, but instead, there was an empty dining room and a kitchen where a bunch of guys were hanging out, cooking and playing backgammon.  They all snapped to attention and one asked if he could help me.  I told them that I was meeting people but they must not be there yet.  He asked if maybe I was supposed to meet them at the "other location" as they don't really get many dine-in customers and use it primarily for delivery. Dan, the manager, went so far as to call the other restaurant, ask if my friends were there, and when this was confirmed and I asked him for directions, he offered to give me a ride in the pizza wagon.  Dan the Manager, you are a true gentleman and wise in the ways of customer service, and if I were ever in need of a getaway driver in the city, Dan is the man with the cat-like reflexes, geographical knowledge, and quick wits to get me home from the scene of the crime. Upon delivery, I would have rated this place five stars even if they served me soggy cardboard, but the food was good.  A small salad bar was there to get me started and the slices came out fast enough that the plates never sat empty.  We were offered upwards of ten varieties to choose from, and the slices were topped with ample amounts of quality toppings.The space is a club at night, and they just spread out some tables and a salad bar for lunch service, so the ambiance is a little odd and it was drafty today with a cold breeze and the door left open, but those were minor issues.I think that on any normal visit, I might have given them four stars based on the good food and service, but for this guy to go so far above what could be expected of him (I was impressed just when he offered to call the other branch for me) is indicative of a well run business with a lot to offer and a sincere dedication to their customers.  Did I mention that it was all you can eat salad and slices for $8?  What a steal.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2007,7/16/2007,902,420,21,36,29>I felt like I was teleported instantly to a nice, traditional sushi-ya in Nara or Kyoto for Ino was perfectly subtle in design with scaled-back wood interiors and very limited occupancy-- maybe 6 table tops (that comfortably seat 2) and a counter that seat around 8.  Like nobu k stresses, you will be really amazed by the crisp, cleanliness of the entire space.  I would practically eat off the floor- no joke yo.  Okami san is a no frills type and like a routine will ask if you have a reservation- kindly answer yoyaku ga arimasen (cause you know you don't have one) and await Makanai san to sit your rude gaijin ass.***************************ORDER THE FOLLOWING:asari miso shirotoromagurouniankimoamaebi***************************you get no explanation on what you are ordering, nor how ridiculously, over-joyed you will feel after you consume these food of the gods.  this is hands down my new favorite place to eat...maybe even more than my Obaachan's (grandma) house..and that kinda talk can just get me flat out killed.Toro E pointed out that the price reflects the quality, but I disagree as you are really getting a deal at experiencing a very authentic Japanese  Sushi-ya without needing a passport.  Please take a shower before you come here cause I don't want you polluting my new spot.I was so ecstatic that Ino Sushi has been so masterfully conceptualized as an intimate dining experience that truly allows one to enjoy the honest freshness of sashimi that is rarely found in SF.  Gochisou sama deshita!!!!
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2007,7/15/2007,344,904,25,19,22>I am in love. I am in love with the "karaoke" setup in this bar which consists of a microphone and plasma screen tucked in the corner of this skinny small space.I am in love with the bartendress who locked the door to the bar and was selectively letting in only those she wanted to.I am in love with the fact that the same bartendress was completely hammered by the end of the night.I am in love with the fact that you will be yelled at if you are short fifty cents but will still get your drink.I am in love with the people who actually applauded my singing here....oh, wait, I think they were applauding that it was finally over!!!
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2006,7/14/2007,231,162,22,26,20>I am never shopping for a party dress any where else for as long as I live.  I know that sounds a bit extreme, but it is *that* serious. I will never again spend hours of my precious life wading through racks and navigating mall rat mazes. I will never again torture myself or my friends with miles of walking on tiled floors and exhausting dressing room drama. Here's why: - A warehouse filled with racks of taffeta, satin, lace, ribbons, and bustiers galore! - A sign that reads 50% off- A sign that reads 80% off- Sticker prices that are so rock bottom you think it doesn't get any better... then you check out and realize the 50% off hasn't been marked down yet! (i.e. black cocktail dress originally $250, marked down to $55 on the sticker, but $27.20 when it was rung up!)The Catch:- Store hours are strictly enforced - 9am-5pm- Group dressing rooms (eh, whatever - we all have something to hide...)- Less than friendly service.None of the downsides matter though, because I walked out of there in 15 minutes flat (car to checkout) with $450 in dresses - of which I paid only $65. Suck on that, Bloomingdales!
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2007,7/13/2007,140,45,58,32,44>I HATE BACHELORETTE PARTIES. Part 2 in a 5 part series.Since bachelorette parties cannot POSSIBLY take place at the kind of bar I would normally frequent, my time at Butter was cut tragically short. Apparently tater tots and High Life are too trashy for my girls sipping their vodka tonics through penis straws. Had I been the bachelorette, I would have ordered rounds of fried twinkies and PBR for my plebes. As it was, I *had* to settle for a couple rounds of jello shots, wickedly loud Digital Underground, and deliciously bad Tron projected on walls. What a tease. My dreams of a perfect bachelorette were shattered with the whisperings of "We're going to North Beach." Upon exit, and for the rest of the night, I was haunted by those brilliant words, "I can't believe it's not Butter."
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2007,7/12/2007,440,185,14,25,27>Beautiful views ... cough cough ... classy decor ... cough hack cough ... nice selection of wines by the glass ... hack hack (where's that cough drop I threw in my purse?) ... fresh and tasty menu ... wheeze ... thoughtfully prepared glass of hot lemon water and honey ... ahhhhhhhh.After a bed-ridden week with the flu that turned into bronchitis which brought another week of anti-biotics, I still had a nasty cough - the kind that tickles persistently at the back of your throat.  And instead of kicking me out for disturbing the quite perfect peaceful ambiance with my hacking, the nice guy that's always working there fixed me up his lemon and honey elixir - out of sheer sympathy.  I looked at him abashedly apologizing for my coughing and without any reprimand, all he said was "Colds suck.  Drink this - it's got lemon and orange and a little bit of honey - it's hot though - careful!"  How sweet is that?  Just the right sweetness, that's how.  B's got this perfect mix of nice ambiance, interesting food, great bar, and down-to-earth, non-uppity, no frills niceness.  Thank goodness it's only a block and a half away from work.  Can we say "summer happy hours!"And their Ludovicus (not Leviticus) by the glass is absolutely delightful (I had that my first time there, no alcohol for me this time with the anti-b's).
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2006,7/11/2007,77,29,82,21,32>paris hiltonnight time muni bus driversemergency room doctors5th gradersme*ding ding ding*people who shouldn't be allowed to drink on weeknights.i have a PHatty hangover this morning.  went to sutra for a san francisco symphony fundraiser last night.  free wine and appetizers.  like the good yelper that i am becoming, i naturally yelped the restaurant before going there.  i did not have high expectations.  it seems like a lot of people complained about the prices and the lukewarmness of the food and the service kinks and thought the food was only okay. it may be because the food was free or it may be because i had 4 large glasses of wine, but i thought the food was really quite good.  we were strategically positioned close to the kitchen so that we were first in line when the waiters came out, so the food was piping hot.  we didn't see the menu so i might be getting some of these wrong, but the mushroom/foie/truffle fried wontons were excellent.  maybe the key is to get them freshly fried.  the curry shrimp skewers were excellent as well.  as were the crab spring rolls.  the other skewers (could have been pork, could have been chicken, i was a little tipsy (read: sloppy drunk) by the time those got around) were only okay.  i can't speak to the entrees, but i liked the space and i thought the appetizers were excellent.this review may be biased due to the free food complex that i have.  i still remember the lessons my dad gave me when i was 6, standing outside the circus circus buffet, on the importance of the price-to-weight ratio.dad: what's the key to buffets, son?little me: beat the system!dad: what do we go for first?little me: seafood!dad: what do we hate?little me: complex carbohydrates!dad: crab legs or pasta?little me: crab legs!dad: prime rib or pizza?little me: prime rib!dad: sushi or ham?little me: sushi!dad: ...little me: ...dad: ...little me: only if you take the rice out and wrap it in your napkin and throw it away!dad: i love you son.little me: i love you too dad.that was the first and only time my dad ever told me he loved me.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/8/2006,7/10/2007,236,200,64,32,30>Ummm.... where is the FULL FAT version of this cheesecake?Yes, it's so delicate that it must be sliced with fishing line (free gift with purchase).  It must also be eaten with pinky raised.At over $10 per mini-cake (the same size as a personal pan pizza) I was looking for slightly more cheese in my cake.  The kind that you can stick a fork into.  Mmm-kay?  You high-brow folks continue to enjoy the light fluffy delicate texture of Zanze's.  I, and my unsophisticated palate, will be unceremoniously inhaling a block of philadelphia cream cheese at the neighborhood grocery store.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2007,7/9/2007,262,27,16,24,23>I know what Sunshine tastes like...It has smooth bright yellow eggy custard,tender, flaky just the right shade of brown crust,warm from the oven...It just melted in my mouth when I bit into the lovely custard tart.Sun kissed from a shop down the street from me...But WHY does it have to be on one of the yuckiest streets in Chinatown???UPDATE 7/9/07: I just stopped by Ruby King this morning in memory of my Pops. He used to bring us custard tarts when he would stroll the neighborhood. I am dedicating this ROTD to him since today is also the one year anniversary of his passing.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/23/2007,7/8/2007,749,974,64,23,24>After shopping for two hours with my mother...Me: I'm hungry let's eat something.Mother: I want soup.  Wong Tong soup...Me: Ma...for the eightieth time...it's WONTON soup.Mother: That's what I said....Wong Tong.Me: Whatever...anyway the only thing around here is P.F. Chang's.Mother: What kind of food is it?Me: Chinese, mother....they'll have soup there.  We're seated and the waiter comes over. Mother: (Not even opening her menu) Do you have Wong Tong Soup?Waiter:  Um..Yes, ma'am we do.Mother: Okay then, I'll have that please.Me: I'd like the lettuce wraps and Hot and Sour soup please. Mother: I've never heard of this restaurant before.Me: It's American ...like Chevy's for Mexican food.Mother: Well I like Chevy's so I'll like this place.Me: How could you like that crap?  The food fucking sucks!Mother: We'll I like the margaritas...and don't cuss Mija. It makes you look ugly. Me: Thanks, Ma.  But there's no one to impress here.Mother: You never know.  There could be a rich doctor eating at the next table!!Me: Ma, there's two old ladies at the next table!Mother: Well the waiter was nice.Me: And he was 20....hell no.We finished and took our extra soup home with us.  (There was a lot of soup)Mother: Honey, I'm home!Hubby: Did you have fun?Mother: Yes we went shopping and we had lunch.Hubby:  What did you eat?Mother: I had Wong Tong Soup at P.F. Change.Me: CHANG MA!!!  P.F. CHANG'S!!!
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2007,7/7/2007,4999,1226,80,38,63>WTF, fun slides in the middle of nowhere? Which supervisor authorized this pork barrel spending? They should have built the slides in Union Square where we can all enjoy them daily during our lunch breaks. It's heart breaking how isolated these concrete chutes are.But alas I found them, hell yeah I did. And I even had a whole beer in me when I did. Oh plus, it was 1am. Hell yes.So yeah they are scarier than they look. I thought my pants were going to rip off if I fell off my little cardboard box. But I didn't fall off the box, so I'm really not sure if there is serious nudity risk. I'll give it a nudity probability rating of 10%Anyways if you haven't already, freaking go find this place, it's crazy. Kinda like the twilight zone, or the nexus of the universe, or something. You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll run up the hill and go again.Tomorrow I'm going to find a contractor to build me a slide in the Yelp office, or maybe a fireman's poll. We need more schoolyard modes of transport in our daily lives.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,4/2/2013,330,458,5,8,9>After seeing this spot on Anthony Bourdain's Layover episode of SF, it made me all the more curious.  Came on a Monday night, and was surprised that there was a list of people waiting for seats.  We waited about 15 minutes, and were seated at a community table (since all the separate tables were taken).The food is definitely fusion style Chinese.  We ordered the Salted Cod Fried Rice (needed more salted cod), Chongqing Chicken Wings (buried in dried chili peppers - tasty, crispy outside, moist inside), Kung Pao Pastrami (interesting in a good way), and this amazing special appetizer which included cold tofu, uni, and ikura (they need to integrate this as a regular item)...  Atmosphere was loud, dimly lit, with an overall hole in the wall feel...  Service was actually pretty quick, and friendly.  I was surprised at how good it was.  Delicious dishes at reasonable prices.  I would come back again.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,4/1/2013,1437,1094,13,21,17>Everything you can ask for in a music venue!  They have a mini souvenirs' section, a bar, an area to hold small talks (and to hear yourself better) and a spacious outdoors' patio (ideally to smoke)!  Awesome surround system and great, catchy live music!  Grab some drinks, enjoy the music and you're good to go!  Head to the front, where the stage is at only if you want to dance or bob your head and body with the music!The vocalists there can surely reach a range of high notes, guitarists can strum those strings and drummers surely hit those beats!I'm surprised that they let under 21 year olds enter this place considering that they serve drinks at the bar!  I had a fun Friday night and would have not thought about this place at all if it wasn't for my friend bringing me to check out his friend's band!Again, again - to the Bottom of the Hill!
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,3/31/2013,2747,1075,10,16,15>Crab season is on!  The menu here gives a choice of 1, 2, or a lot of crabs, and a recommendation of how many people should eat each size order.  If you've eaten crab before, you know you'll eat all you get.  My Lady was looking forward to steamed crab, and we did not ask whether that was available.  It is, but if you want it be sure to ask for it.  We didn't and we were surprised.  We were seated at mother-in-law's request on the patio, and ordered 2 whole crabs, steamed vegetables, a Caesar salad, french fries (mother-in-law's favorite), and a bottle (3 glasses? Take the bottle.) of Trefethen chardonnay.  OK, the table was packed.  Packed!  And sitting right on the edge was a tempting loaf of good old sourdough bread with butter.  I must have thought about picking up a slice of that sourdough about 20 times.  The Caesar salad was good and the steamed vegetables were all right, but the dungeness crab was what it was all about.  2 whole cooked crabs, served on a sizzling platter, drenched in butter, so hot you could feel the heat radiating into your skin.   There it was.  Secret sauce and all.  After the waiter brought out the bibs and nutcrackers, all conversation ended.  We had to break free every morsel of fresh crab meat.  Game on!  After the crab feeding frenzy, the house showed us a game of its own:  a little dessert-only menu popped up out of the waiter's pocket!  My resolve to stick to my diet was decimated.  A lemon torta della nonna (I don't know.  Lemon chiffon pie, with extra yumminess.), Italian wild strawberry cheesecake (Hey!  Real strawberries!  With 2 extra layers of crust snuck into the middle, FYI.).  A black tea, a green tea, a coffee with milk.  Oh yeah!  The whole extravaganza was $168 + tip for 3, and I must express appreciation to our waiter who made sure we were happy all the way through.  Also to the hostess who checked out the patio table for us before we started the trek from the front door.  I could go on, but let's just summarize that my impression of the Old Clam House as a first-class seafood restaurant has been restored.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,3/30/2013,1110,489,10,15,14>What a pleasant surprise.For the longest time, I passed by this place frequently without ever considering stopping by, always thinking it was no more than an overhyped tourist trap.Well, I'm glad I finally read the damn book. It was mmmgood. Authentic Italian isn't too hard to find in SF, but delicious authentic Italian seems to be a little more challenging to find. I initially was drawn to E' Tutto Qua by the uni pasta, but unfortunately that night it was not available. I ended up trying a number of other things, ALL of them good. The two that stood out, however, were the Gnocchi and the Paccheri Ripieni - both memorable for all the right reasons. Gnocchi is my ultimate favorite of the Italian comfort foods - and the folks at E' Tutto Qua made them just beautifully. The texture was fluffy and soft without being mushy.. and the sauce, perfectly flavored with just the right amount of acidity.The service was also great - very attentive and lots of friendly banter. Everyone was so cheerful it was downright contagious. I don't think I saw a single sullen table in the house that night. Did I mention that all of the staff members we interacted with were Italian?I'm definitely a fan.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,3/29/2013,872,470,10,18,15>Yay!  Finally a cider bar!  I know not a lot of people are big on cider, but you just gotta give them a chance!  They have an extensive menu of cider from all over the world.  I tried a Scottish cider once that I pretty much blew me away.  Tried to look for it at Bevmo and found no luck.  It's a great place to hang out, get some grub, and call it a chill night.  It's not too loud, so you can actually carry a decent conversation.    Plus, the service is great and I totally dig the crowd.  Only one downfall that makes this place a 4 star rather than a 5 star: I believe most of their cider are bottled, not on tap.  The also ran out of pumpkin cider when we went during Thanksgiving! :(  But it's ok, I'm just ecstatic there's a cider bar in town!
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,3/28/2013,655,244,15,28,16>I finally did it. I got my first Brazilian! And thank the stars it didn't hurt as much as I imagined. Loved that you can book online your appointments online because I hate talking on the phone; who uses their phones for talking anymore? :) I had my appointment last Sunday in the afternoon. Patty was at the front desk greeting me and offered water or champagne. I already had a drink before getting there (which I highly recommend doing for your first time!) so I opted for the water. There were also dark chocolate peanut butter cups in the waiting area. I was definitely getting very nervous but Patty made a good point that if it really hurt that bad, they'd be out of business. She put me in a room to undress and also so I could get crazy with the numbing spray. I took full advantage of this. After letting it take effect, Patty came back and did the deed. I'm a total wimp and dont normally wax anything but I've had facials that hurt more than this (shout out to SkinSalvation!). Basically it was like getting a few band aids ripped off which does hurt but the pain is quick. Patty also said generally Asians won't have it as bad because we don't have as much to take off. Very happy with this experience and would definitely come back.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2012,3/27/2013,1284,595,9,18,13>This tiny little hole in the wall has been here for two years cranking out delicious BBQ and last night was the first time I'd ever seen or tasted it?! I credit my friend, who has the ability to actually pay attention to his surroundings and find gems like this.The space is literally smaller than my studio apartment but they utilize it well, with every inch dedicated to making delicious grub. Bourbon BBQ ribs, pulled pork, and lobster mac & cheese are just a few of the items we grubbed on and afterwards, had full on sloppy, BBQ face.It's not terribly cheap but if you're into BBQ, you can't miss out.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,3/25/2013,226,213,12,18,18>HEART DAY 2013I forbade my guy from doing anything for Valentine's Day.  I am not a V-Day scrooge but it's V-Day for us every single weekend during date nights. And he spoils me all throughout the year. And no, it is not one of those "no" really means "yes."Of course when I got home 2 dozen long-stem pink and red roses were waiting for me. And a bottle of French champagne. And a bottle of Chardonnay. And a big thing of chocolate cheesecake.  And since I was really not expecting anything it turned out to be  the most romantic V-Day ever even though he goes all out every single year. Simple but sweet.*big smile" "dreamy look* *happy heart*My romantic Valentine's Day contribution was a WHOLE ROTISSERIE CHICKEN from La Fusion.  Let me tell you I have been crushing on La Fusion for the longest time since I first got my Groupon (now expired) and reading about the yummy sangria, delicious empanadas, lomo saltado and other Peruvian dishes. The Rotisserie Chicken has been invading my dreams lately. We just cannot find the time or energy to drive to the City on Saturdays these days.AMBIANCE/DECOR:And last night, when I walked into La Fusion, I wished that my guy was with me. The place is almost non-descript from the outside but you will find it as  charming and cozy when you walk in. It was very intimate (read: small) with an equally tiny bar.  The tea light candles bouncing off the red brick walls provided the perfect romantic ambiance. Only one couple sharing a carafe of sangria was present at 5:45 PM on V-Day.  The staff was very friendly.ROTISSERIE CHICKEN, BREAD SALAD, SAUCES AND SIDE:With a sigh, I picked up my pre-ordered Rotisserie Chicken in a paper bag which was our dinner while watching Family Guy and Big Bang Theory Valentine's Day specials on TV.The ROTISSERIE CHICKEN was still slightly crispy even after I nuked it for 2 minutes. The skin was thin and light. There was a very nice garlic essence that permeated the meat that was perfectly cooked and juicy. yelp.com/biz_photos/la-f…It came with a nice side of crisp green beans (which I have chosen instead of mac& cheese, tacu-tacu, sweet potato fries, white bean cassoulet or arroz con choclo). yelp.com/biz_photos/la-f…  And I almost forgot about the BREAD SALAD underneath the mouth-watering chicken pieces that were completely soaking in  flavorful chicken juices complete with cranberries and wilted greens. Forget about low-carb, this bread salad was the perfect mate for this bird!The dipping sauces of PESTO, 2 AIOLI AND HOT SAUCE complemented the garlicky chicken. Delicious! yelp.com/biz_photos/la-f…CHECK: $28 including taxOh, how I loved our simple but tantalizing takeout dinner. I am usually so against paying $$ for roasted chicken because I can roast a really good one and chickens do not lay golden eggs to be so spendy.  However, the  $28 I paid for is totally worth it for this meal.(And it was not because of the romantic evening or couple of glasses of wine.)I vowed to be back and eat at La Fusion, take pictures, write an update, drink that sangria and eat more rotisserie chicken!"Hidden Gem" is so cliche but La Fusion is a true hidden gem in the FiDi!4.75 HEARTS (for now).
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,3/24/2013,304,690,15,18,15>Ever since I introduced my friend to Deli Board, most of our Friday lunch dates are at DB. So of course we were super excited to discover that owner Adam Mesnick opened 1058 Hoagie around the block!The space at 1058 Hoagie is slightly smaller with fewer tables. There are certain elements that reminded me of DB. But overall, a more laidback feel here.My friend and I ordered 2 sandwiches and swapped halfsies. #58 Mortadella (yelp.com/biz_photos/zFuC…): genoa salami, italian dry salami, pepperoni, fresh mozzarella, jalapenos, mayo, onion, shredduce and house dressing.#17 Special (yelp.com/biz_photos/zFuC…): roast beef, turkey, pepperoni, provolone, jalapeno spread, and the works.Both sandwiches were delicious, but we liked #17 a bit more for the meats! It definitely felt like the hoagies were more filling than DB sandwiches. We were greedy and opted for the 10-inch instead of the 7-inch. Despite being full, my friend wolfed his share. I was full after 1/2 of my mortadella half and 1/4 of my #17 special half. I spent the rest of the day finishing up the hoagies!Will be back for more!
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,3/23/2013,1792,531,12,18,20>Out in the Avenues @ Geary/Clement, there is a Little Russian community that my friend grew up in. She decided to throw her birthday party at the Red Tavern, a restaurant I had never heard of, because despite my name, I'm not Russian. And my experience with Russian food thus far started and ended at Beef Stroganoff. Our table of twenty, and the two other birthday parties, filled the restaurant to capacity and was closed to the public. The wide variety of food was served family style ranging from salty herring, smoked salmon, beef tongue, sauerkraut, cucumber feta and tomato salad, sausage dumplings, pierogis, scalloped potatoes, potato salad (way better than the American version), marinated chicken thighs, lamb kabobs, vanilla cream puffs and custard cake. Our spread had something delicious for everyone's taste buds, but the overall theme of Russian food seemed to be salty, sour, or comforting carbs in the form of potatoes. This amazing dinner was enjoyed over hours of seat swapping and mingling, with the occasional toast to the birthday girl in true Russian form- with a shot of vodka. Thank god that whole Cold War thing ended 20 years ago. Because eating and celebrating like a Russian is not an experience to be missed. Za zdorove!
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2009,7/10/2009,2074,1145,15,24,26>fun and lively spot.i loved all the small touches of menus printed on brown paper to the bills and credit cards attached with wooden laundry clips.even the small beaker cups for votives were charming.the table wait was made much more pleasant with a nice glass of the 05 grifalco.lots of action in the back with the wood fire oven and espresso machine grinding.  the decor had some eclectic mix of sea creatures to a surreal peacock like mural with small fish to an odd lamb or goat skull on the kitchen wall.the house cured salumi was tasty and came with pickled carrots.the shaved asparagus and arugula salad was well seasoned but i was disappointed that the quail eggs were so well done.  if they were soft or runny, it would have been heavenly.the thin crust pizzas were solid.  the margherita with bufala mozzarella was very good as was the prosciutto with tomato, mozzarella and arugula.almost stuffed, i promised to come back for the pork cheek but there was just enough room for the chocolate budino.  it was a smooth mix with espresso caramel and a surprising crunch of sea salt.lovely place, lovely night.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2009,7/9/2009,608,477,31,27,30>B  is for bourbon bourbon bourbon. Bourbon drinks GALORE!O  is for O MY GOD THE DRINKS ARE SO GOOD (cucumber gimlet FTW!)U  is for unicorn! (The unicorn is friends w/ the zebra in my review for Horizon).R  is for the REAL books in the library. Mostly fed law books, haha!B  is for the very skilled bartenders. They take their time to make your drink perfect.O  is for OH DAMNNNNNNNNN that bill is FAT. Who's paying??N  is for the nice hostess and servers.& (ampere symbol..woohoo!)B  is for the very very very black bathroom. Everything is black, minus the TP.R  is for reservations. Do make one, or else you're stuck in the library.A   is for the abundance of drink selections in the other room (not the library).N  is for the nice atmosphere. Really feels like you're in a speakeasy.C  is for candles. The place is lit up with candles on the floor, and candle like lamps.H  is for how hidden this place is. I've been by SO many times to eat at Chutneys and never once did put together that the corner place on Jones is B&B. Drinks are $11 in the library, $12+ in the secret room that you need reservations for. And keep in mind that if you make reservations online, they can't exceed 6 ppl and 2 hours. Come to B&B if you want a chill nice with awesomely made drinks.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2009,7/8/2009,172,375,20,24,22>(This review is for colorist Chris Chavez)Pssst....I have a secret...The selfish side of me wants to keep this information all to myself, but the better part of my conscience tells me that, for the greater good of yelpkind, I should share it with you.    Red Chair Salon recently hit the jackpot when a fabulous colorist  relocated here from Beverly Hills.  Her name is Chris Chavez and she is AMAZING.  How do I know she is amazing?  Well, I used to fly from SF to LA so she could do my highlights.  That's how good she is.  Now I don't have to do that anymore.  That's right, no more paying airfare, cabfare,  flying to LAX, renting a car, and then paying for a hotel, just so I can have exquisite, natural looking highlights.  To say the least, I'm ECSTATIC! Now, you may be wondering why I would be so thrilled, after all, San Francisco is full of colorists, what is so special about this one?  Well, Chris is the only colorist in the Bay Area who had the privilege of apprenticing under Stuart Gavert.  Stuart had been my colorist since 1995 when I lived in Manhattan.  Back then, he flew in one week out of the month to take care of his east coast clients.  When I moved to L.A. years later, I was able to see him in Beverly Hills at his salon Gavert Atelier.  This is where I first met Chris.Having been Stuart's client for so many years, I know that he only trains the very best of the best to work under him and Chris has certainly absorbed Stuart's masterful technique.  Over the years, I've had no less than 5 of Stuart's assistants do my highlights when he was away teaching in Tokyo.  From my first appointment with Chris in 2007, she has been doing my highlights exclusively and I couldn't be happier.  I'm still a little giddy when I think of having her locally.  It seems almost too good to be true! You might be wondering what's in it for you, if you should decide to seek out Chris' expertise.  One thing and one thing only...gorgeous color!  Chris listens to what you want and she will offer honest feedback if you request it.  She understands the nature of all different types of hair and she excels at creating natural looking color as well as a dramatic, artistic look.  If you have difficulty expressing what you want in words, just bring her a photo or an image from a magazine.  She knows the questions to ask in order to give you the look you desire. In short, I give Chris Chavez my highest recommendation.  I've already referred another yelper to her, and she gave Chris a 5 star review, too...even before I had a chance to post mine!  Seriously, make your appointment now before her client list fills up.  You'll be glad you did~
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2009,7/7/2009,2510,1034,17,35,32>Everyone loves a free bottle of wine and a complimentary birthday tiramusu!!!Eight of us headed to dinner at Panta Rei last night for our friend Adam's birthday. We started (and then continued...) with a reasonably-priced delicious bottle of 2001 Sangiovese. For appetizers, we ordered the calamari which was a bit overly-greasy but the sauce was yummy! The mains that I shared with my bf were an amazing simple salad with olives, oranges, and fennel, clams & mussels in garlic/tomato sauce, and the whole-wheat pasta with veggies and mozzarella. All were great and totaled about $25 all together. Others ordered ravioli (few huge ravioli's which they said were yummy) and other pastas.Best of all, two girls ordered lamb to split. When the lamb took much longer than our other dishes, our waiter apologized on behalf of the chef and comped us our third bottle of wine... We sang happy birthday to Adam over a yummy piece of tiramusu to finish off a delicious meal. I'd definitely be willing to come back for another yummy, won't-break-the-bank dinner!
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/8/2009,7/6/2009,1070,429,72,40,43>Opening line, to cute boy at Butter: "I know! This isn't the type of place I normally go to either!"Closing line, to the same cute boy: "Sorry, I'm not the kind of girl who makes out in bars."(At least not since the start of 2009. If it happened in 2008, it doesn't count.)That should say it all, but also: While I love tater tots and have a mild respect for the PBR on tap, Butter is too crowded for its own good and the people are a motley bunch. I think I saw a line out front, but apparently when you're wearing a trucker hat with a beaver on it and a tank top that says, "kiss my taco," doors open up for you. Still, I can't hate a bar where I handed my number out to not one, but TWO extremely attractive 6'5+ guys. Christmas in February! And I REALLY can't hate a bar that let us stay even after my wasted roommate tried to lean up against a wall but instead fell through a doorway into the kitchen. Pure class. Just like Butter.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2009,7/4/2009,678,318,45,65,62>Date & Time:  Thursday May 28, 2009 @ 8:30pmMission:  To Locate The Creme Brulee CartCompany:  Michael & JackCrowd:  Neighborhood Couples in Lucy Work-Out Clothes w/ Dogs & HipstersVibe:  ChillDecor:  Creme Brulee Cart in Top Secret LocationService:  Curtis is Nice, Friendly, Awesome w/ TorchDevour:  All Quatre Flavors:  Dark Chocolate, Vanilla Bean, Raspberry Basil, White Russian $3Total:  $12Note:  Creme Brulee Guy is Getting Married & Taking Two Weeks Off- Will Be Back June 14th.  Congratulations Curtis!!!
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2008,7/3/2009,80,99,19,21,21>I went here today STARVING, which is always a bad idea when ordering frozen yogurt. I went for the large (freakin' huge!)- oh I'm sorry the "mo"- with pomegranate seeds (extremely sour, overpowering the yogurt's delicate flavor), mochi balls and chocolate chips. Okay, that's a lot I will admit, but would you expect the damn thing to cost almost 9 dollars!?Geez, glad I had already decided this was my lunch. The plain frozen yogurt was absolutely delicious- creamy, slightly tart and perfectly sweet just like...real yogurt, but frozen. And yes, a hint of sour cream. So refreshing. Next time, I won't muck up the flavor with too many toppings- I'll just get the mochi balls. Speaking of mochi balls, I didn't really need the pronunciation lesson I received from the tart behind the counter. When I ordered the mochi balls (I pronounced it "mokie"), she giggled, looked at me pitifully and said "OH, you mean mochi "("moshee") balls!". Uh, I think you knew what I meant sweetie, now serve me my damn mochi balls! And I am fairly confident it is not pronounced "moshee". I was validated when I heard a 4 year old girl pronounce it MY way a few minutes later. Ha! And she was Asian! I definitely trust this little cutie over the girl behind the counter... Anyway, I also tasted my dining partner's peach flavored yogurt which was far to sweet in my opinion. I like the simple, sweet tartness of the plain flavors. A note on the decor: WTF is up with all fro-yo (sorry, I know) places having the exact same decor? It was what you would expect, and you have seen a thousand times- minimalistic, clean lines, lots of white. Just once, I want to walk into a punk rock fro-yo place. That would be the s**t.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2009,7/2/2009,591,426,39,35,32>I met Nick, formerly of Nick's Crispy Taco's, last night at his latest venture The Taco Shop at Underdog's.  And while I don't want to lick his face as previously stated in my review of Nick's, I do kinda want to punch him in said face.  Why Nick, why?  Your new taco shop is LITERALLY around the corner from my house. Like I can roll out of bed, slip on some sandales and be at the bar slurping guacamole through a straw in less time than it takes you to say, "DON'T GIVE THAT GIRL ANY MORE CARNITAS.  SHE IS MAKING A MESS".And I will be making a mess.  I will be the girl you feel sorry for, sitting at the bar alone, covered in salsa and stewed chicken.In 5 days I have visited this new Nick establishment 4 times.  On one of those days we were given free chips and salsa which I inhaled in about 4.5 seconds to the shock and dismay of my boyfriend who, sadly, likes his girlfriend on this side of HUGE, GIGANTIC, CHIP EATING WHALE.I can't help myself.  The chips, the guac, the carnitas, the salsa, the salty and sweet agave and lime margies are all excellent.  Seriously.  There is NO better bar food than this. Beyond the food, the service we have had there each time is impeccable.  Nick is super friendly, as are most of his waitstaff/bartenders.  My water glass is never empty and there are a number of people ready to get you FUBAR at the first hint of a nearly empty glass.In conclusion, I would just like to say, Nick -- you're a bastard.And I love you.  Thanks for nothing.But really thanks for everything -- can't wait to get fat together.  And by together I mean alone, because I doubt you eat your own food all that often.Me?  Well, I bathe in it and I smell delicious.  Obviously.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2008,7/1/2009,307,514,28,30,29>Resolutions for 2009I will go the long way home to stop here and get quality meats.I will savor the tender, flavorful products that I can purchase here for only slightly more than than I would pay for some plasticized version I'd get elsewhere.I will never again wait in a hideous hour-long holiday line at a fruffy Noe Valley meat market again.I will behave appropriately when the hot butcher offers to carry big purchases to my car.Oh wait, except for this last one, I think I already do all these things.  I never was much of a resolution-maker anyway.  The point is, I want to never ever forget about this amazing neighborhood meat market.  We bought our turkeys from here for Thanksgiving this year, and it was the single most pleasant turkey purchase I have ever encountered.  On the Tuesday before Thanksgiving, I walked right up to the counter during the after work "rush," waited approximately 2 minutes for my turn.  The handsome Italian butcher got my 2, 20 lb turkeys, I paid and reached to grab the turkeys.  NO!!  The hot young meat man *insisted* on carrying them all the way to my car.  I felt like I'd suddenly been transported to the 1950's, when chivalry & service were still things for which one should strive.  And beyond all of this, the turkeys on Thanksgiving were absolutely delicious.Final resolution:I will spread the word about this fabulous shoppe, so that others may benefit from this charming, olde world, high quality meat market.  It is, in my opinion, the best in the city.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2009,6/30/2009,1284,595,25,29,30>I am completely blown away by Colibri. I arrived before my friend did and sat at the bar for a little wait time, which was perfectly fine by me since wait time = margarita time! The bartender was fantastic. He offered his advice on tequila and then used all fresh ingredients (which they don't always do when they're busy apparently); it was the best damn margarita I've ever had in my life. No joke - the best. When my friend finally joined me, I forced her to get one as well and she was blown away too. This was Saturday and we're still sitting behind our desks at work talking about Colibri margaritas. The food was exceptional too. We both ordered the carnitas and a fresh bowl of quac; I imagine that if there is a better place, this is the stuff they serve there. On to the service... it was top notch, there's really no other way to put it. We ended up staying at the bar and from start to finish we were taken care of. The bartender was more than accommodating and was so friendly; we chatted him up and everyone else that came our way (excessive margarita drinking will do that). We had an all around fantastic time and neither of us can wait to come back again!
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2010,2/12/2011,497,338,18,20,17>Summer. How I wish it would never end.I equate summer to fro-yo, cute little dresses, flip flops, water balloon fights, picnics, & most especially BBQ!!!  Everyone interprets it differently. However, who in their right mind says no to bbq?? Not me. Ever!Craving bbq, but not in the mood to marinate and grill? Well, Roadside BBQ is the answer.SF's 7x7 list promotes their pulled pork sandwich as a must try. And it truly is. It's a husky boy portion, full of tender & lean roasted memphis pulled pork oozing out of a fresh ciabatta bread. The texas beef brisket we ordered was served in nicely portioned slices. Being slowly roasted for up to 17 hours, no wonder the meat is so succulent & tender. Mmm bbq deliciousness at its best!Both entrees come w/ side options such as potato salad, fries (original, sweet potato, or garlic), salad, mac & cheese, or vegetables. Normally, I opt for sweet potato fries w/ aioli. This time, I went w/ their nice garlicky fries mmmm. Cool condiments such as different types of bbq sauce & sliced onions and pickles are available.I loved the cute, miniature corn muffin that comes with your meal. Yummy & satisfying!Lastly, the service was awesome! Friendly, friendly, friendly was the person behind the counter. He was super sweet to my kids. :)Bottom line: summer doesn't have to end, especially not at Roadside BBQ. Friendly service and great eats.I can't wait to come back & pull that horn in the back.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2010,2/11/2011,636,190,18,22,25>Devil is in the details.....So I saunter in and say that i'm w/ the "Christine" party. I am seated by the window w/ only one other menu. "Hmmmm.....a lot of people must have flaked out." I think to myself. 5.....10.....15 minutes later, I get concerned. Out comes the phone. "Is the b-day dinner tonight or next week?" I'm told that it's next week. This trip to Glen Park won't be a vain. I explain myself to the matredee who assures me that it's ok and simply removes one place setting from my table. She introduces heself to me and I do the same. It was the right decision to stay as the food was fabulous. I order the burger w/ fries. This takes about 15 minutes to come out. Huge...utterly huge. Since January I have been "dieting" so to speak. My portions have been reduced. Easily this burger and fries could be cut into quarters and have filled me. But tonight I say eff it. I hungrily finish the whole thing and am satisfied completely.Burger was moist and thick...cooked to medium well perfection. The bun was lightly toasted and fresh. The cheese! Orgasmically fresh and melty. I would have loved it in a good grilled cheese sammy w/ some tomato soup. Vegetables were fresh and crisp. Fries were golden brown  crisps and the ayoli was light and flavorful. Food coma put me out of comission for the rest of the night.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2010,2/10/2011,1428,724,17,27,23>Before trying the food, I was already excited to eat here to support the Delancey Street Foundation. The Foundation helps former felons, substance abusers and others who have hit rock bottom to start over and turn their lives around. I think it's noble for an organization to focus on giving people a second chance - many never get one.My cousin Griselda D. and I arrived in between the lunch (ends at 3) and dinner hours (starts at 5:30) so the menu was limited. Considering its location, I was expecting a much pricier menu so I was pleasantly surprised to find that everything was under $10.We split:- Rotisserie chicken dinner - Burger w/ pepperjack- Side salad- Caramel cheesecake- Ginger spice cake- Beers on tap were $2.50 (small) or ($3 large)The food was above average (3.5 stars). The chicken was really flavorful, although I should have chosen dark meat as it would have been more tender. Out of the desserts, the ginger spice cake was my favorite :) I would definitely come back for lunch so that I can order from their regular menu. Service was good and I also like that you have a view of the bustling Embarcadero no matter where you sit. And, we scored a 1-hour parking spot one block away! Free parking in downtown SF is like finding gold.I recommend that you not only check them out for lunch/dinner, but read up on the Foundation: delanceystreetfoundation…
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2010,2/9/2011,934,838,13,16,14>How can anyone not love buying random Japanese products on the cheap?  Ichiban Kan is essentially a Japanese dollar store, with a whole slew of stuff you can buy.  Oddly enough though, not a lot of stuff is actually priced for a dollar.  I guess a more appropriate tag would be a "Japanese few dollars store".  From random houseware items and t-shirts to beauty products and snacks though, you really can get a whole variety of things in just one stop.  Daiso still wins out with their larger inventory (granted, they are a MUCH bigger store), but kudos to Ichiban Kan for being conveniently located while I'm at J-Town to eat already.Funny story - when I was in Osaka, I ended up wandering into a 100 Yen store in this one shopping area, and I swear for a moment or two, I actually thought I was shopping in Ichiban Kan or Daiso.  Same kind of products, same kind of prices.  It really did make me feel like I was back at home...haha.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2010,2/8/2011,323,110,17,21,20>A very cozy charming corner cafe with a rustic feel of wooden panels and a ceiling covered with burlap bags.  2 small tables outside, and 9 small ones inside.  You would only find 2 or 3 friendly men running this place, cooking, serving, and cashiering. The menu is small with more savory options than sweet but the food is consistent and very delicious.I love the way Higher Grounds makes its crepes.  They are super thin and crispy without being crunchy.  My usual are their dark bold flavored house coffee and a delicious sweet crepe filled with thinly sliced apple, white cheddar cheese, and cinnamon brown sugar. These men just know how to deliver the perfectly balanced crepe that's not too sweet and never too cheesy.  Maybe I should marry one of them so I could have tasty crepes every day.  :-)  (yelp.com/biz_photos/c22F…)On this visit, I decided to depart from my usual and went with a strawberry crepe and whipped creme. They were very accommodating and had no problem with me wanting to swap out the cinnamon brown sugar that came with my order and replacing it with a light smear of the Nutella. This was another tasty crepe.  Where there's Nutella, food would taste better.  Right? (yelp.com/biz_photos/c22F…)The bf went with the Alla Milanese crepe (tomato, eggplant, mozzarella, onion, black pepper, oil olive, and spices) that came with potatoes and a salad. It was like eating pizza fillings without the thick heavy crust.  It's one of my few favorite savory crepes at Higher Grounds. (yelp.com/biz_photos/c22F…)My cousin had the Salsa omelet which also came with potatoes, a salad, and toast.  Hugh and thick portion of perfectly cooked eggs stuffed with black olives, tomato, cheese, onion, and topped with avocado, salsa, and sour cream.  (yelp.com/biz_photos/c22F…)So far this is the only place where I would get my apple cheese crepe.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2010,2/7/2011,1602,405,27,33,29>I've been wanting to take a PE class for the longest time at CCSF fitness center, so I finally signed up so that I could workout after class if I had nothing to do.This particular building was built not too long ago, so every thing is still very new. All the machines are clean and fairly new. Those are a definite plus because the last thing I want to do is workout in a beat down gym with machines from the prehistoric age. The gym isn't too big but it's a pretty good size, I love how you can look out the window when you're running on the treadmill it beats the hell out of looking at a huge white wall! There are plenty of cardio machines and a fair amount of weight lifting machines. I never had to wait to use any of the cardio machines before, but I have had to wait for the weight lifting machines and some people are really inconsiderate so they take their sweet time on the weight machines talking to other people are just sit there. When you take you're orientation online (which is required that you take before you are able to use the gym) it tells you that you must have a towel with you or else you will be unable to workout.  I've been to the gym plenty of times without a towel and no one has ever said anything to me or anyone else who didn't have a towel. There are also cubbyholes where you can put your belongings, so you don't need to buy a lock.Overall great gym and really beautiful when the sun is shining through the big glass windows. =)
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2010,2/6/2011,871,695,54,27,25>I call it emotional ping pong.YAY - It's Saturday!!BOO - It's raining.YAY - I want Dim Sum!!BOO - Yank Sing is too touristy.YAY - I found another place!!BOO - All the way in the Richmond.YAY - Found it!BOO - No parking.YAY - Walking up, no line!!BOO - Shit, didn't look inside, 25 people deep.YAY - Smells amazing!!BOO - The shouting is giving me a headache.YAY - Almost there!BOO - Did that chick just throw chicken feet across the room?YAY - Holy crap it's cheap!BOO - Food coma here I come.Do yourself a favor, get it to go.  Pretty good dim-sum for the price.  The pieces are a little larger than the standard sizes too.AND THEY HAVE CHINESE SAUSAGE ROLLS!Yay!
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2010,2/4/2011,3451,1617,17,28,24>Without even knowing, he picked the perfect place. I really like that. I've always wanted to try Home, I ride by here almost everyday and love comfort foods. It seemed like the perfect place to meet up for dinner and drinks. I had the Homegirl cocktail, it was hawt and just my type, vodka based. We ordered the appetizers, my selection? The mini corn dogs. Delicious. Next time, maybe pair those with the sweet potato tots. All those tempting comfort foods teasing me.... For my main course I went with the Kobe Beef Burger with Bacon and Pepper Jack. They must have switched my order at first because I ended up with a Well Done Burger. The Waitress was very nice and understood and switched it out to a Medium Rare. When ordering fine meat hamburgers, i always like it a little pinker and juicier. Why waste Kobe by going well done?I also had some of the Steak Frites, the steak was very juicy and flavorful. If I didn't go with the burger, I would have been all over that steak. I took home half my burger and ate it the next day. It was still so good and I didn't even mind sitting at my desk on a Friday afternoon. This was a great place for dinner. It was perfect place to enjoy a meal in good company without it being too loud, crowded and fancy for a weeknight. I loved my meal and would gladly come back again.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2010,2/3/2011,256,363,11,18,20>Foodie Lunch Date: November 18, 2010 @ Noon Starbelly is my foodie buddy Heather's pick  for our monthly girl-bonding lunch. I didn't know much about Starbelly except that if Heather had chosen it, then I am in good hands. Walking in, I was immediately impressed. Starbelly is a cute, bright and airy neighborhood restaurant in the Castro.  A long wooden bar that also serves as the communal table is the focal point of this eatery; along with the display of wine bottles neatly stocked up in the contemporary wooden cabinets on the wall by the bar. yelp.com/biz_photos/J7_-… yelp.com/biz_photos/J7_-…I caught a glimpse of al fresco dining at the pretty wooden patio in the back.  Heather and I opted to seat at the casual 2-4 seater table with metal chairs in the main dining area. The whole place has a casual and cheery feel to it. Service was friendly and very efficient. As soon as we sat down we were given a choice between regular or complimentary bubbly water. We chose the bubbly, nice touch!Once again, Heather and I ordered family-style to be able to enjoy and "critique" each dish. 1. CRAB LOUIE SALAD: Since it is the very beginning of the crab season in San Francisco, we thought it was best to try this dish. And we were rewarded with big chunks of sweet Dungeness crab meat on fresh lettuce wedge and not overpowering dressing. Divine!yelp.com/biz_photos/J7_-…2. SQUASH THIN CRUST PIZZA WITH GOAT CHEESE AND PEPITAS: I love pumpkins and squash but I was not so sure about them on pizza. At first bite this pizza put away all my worries. I thought that squash, goat cheese and pepitas on pizza would be a brave culinary attempt that could easily fail but this was a well executed dish. The result was a harmony of earthy fall flavors on a thin crust. The pizza was nicely grilled and slightly charred (but not burnt) in the wood-fire oven. A delicious autumn dish! yelp.com/biz_photos/J7_-…3. FRIES WITH 3 DIPS: Uneven cut fries. 3 dips including ketchup. Nicely salted. I've had better fries but these were nice fillers. They give you a lot! yelp.com/biz_photos/J7_-…The dishes at Starbelly are seasonal. The chef makes use of fresh ingredients. They are most delicious in their simplicity but combinations of flavors are amazing and refreshing on the palate.Once again, Heather and I had a wonderful "girl-bonding" lunch in the City in the midst of our very busy work day. Starbelly is highly recommended for such diversions.Tab: $42.00 including tax, $1.99 Health SF Fee and 20% tip. ($21 per girl)
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2011,2/2/2011,353,254,27,23,29>how to win an ordinary girl over:  a box of chocolates and flowershow to win ting over:  burgers and friesi don't have much of a sweet tooth, and flowers don't taste like mouthwatering pieces of meat, paired w/slightly crispy sticks of potato.  i've had three burgers from nopa so far, and they've been outlined as follows:BURGER #1:gilly informed me that i MUST add bacon and cheese to my burger.  done and done.  - - i chose gruyere.  it was cooked perfectly.  (my stomach is sometimes selective when it comes to how a burger is cooked, but i've never had any issuses w/nopa's medium burgers.)    in my carnivoric experiences, there is a noticeable difference when you're presented w/grass-fed burgers.  the bacon, gruyere, and pickled onions atop this juicy piece of heaven, coupled w/fries and aioli dipping sauce combined forces to truly win me over.  BURGER #2:we visited nopa around 1am or so.  b/c of my fabulous first visit, i'm going to chalk up this bad second experience to the late hour that we dined.  my buns were badly burnt, and the aioli tasted strange.  ...bland, and sort of burnt.  BURGER #3:  you really do love me, nopa.  i was brought back to my first experience, and burger, fry, and i were running through a field w/an adjacent stream of aioli babbling gleefully.ladies, true romance is NOT a lost art form, and second chances DO elicit happy endings.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2012,8/13/2012,217,243,12,22,16>Holy smokes!!!  I saw an item here on Unique Eats.  It's the pomme d'amour which is a salted caramel filling in a pastry shell covered with creme brulee.  It's spectacular.  There are so many things happening in your mouth as you eat this.  There is the sweet from the caramel filling, the salt, the buttery flaky pastry, and then that lovely creme brulee custard topped with the hardened sugar to keep everything inside this beautiful pastry.  Wow.But while reading through the Yelp reviews, I discovered that there is another diamond aside from the pomme d'amour.  It's the butter pecan croissant.  I love my fellow Yelpers because they always lead me towards the right items to order.  Although there was a part of me that thought, it's a croissant.  How good can it be?  I've been to Paris and they have the most amazing croissants there.  I won't be impressed but I'll give a try.  OMG!  Yes folks, it is that good.  I cannot describe it and do it justice so I won't.  I will simply tell you that you must try it.  It is worth $3.75.  Delectable and scrumptious.  Divine.And hey, Philz Coffee is just a couple of doors down so you can down all this lovely, decadent pastry with some of the best coffee around.  What could be better than that?
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2012,8/12/2012,888,264,14,33,21>My Prayers have been answered.I was first introduced to Cajun/Creole seafood years ago thanks to Boiling Crab in San Jose. I bet I'm not the only one too. It was one of those must-stop joints when you were around the area, despite the hour to (and at one visit) three hour wait. The only setback, besides the wait and the chronic consumption of butter and sodium, was the hour long drive from SF to SJ each and every time. That no longer is necessary with the rise of Cajun House!With the fall of the old Prime Rib Shabu restaurant, Cajun House's goal is to serve up some of the freshest Cajun-style seafood in it's small 45 capacity establishment. The menu is nice and simple, and relatively identical to their competition. 4 Hot Choices with 4 House Flavors: - Non-Spicy              - Simply Boiled - Mild                         - House Cajun - Medium                  - Lemon Pepper - Explosive               - Garlic ButterOpting for the Medium spice level is ideal if your just looking for a spicy kick. But go for the Explosive if your no-sh*t ready to tear up. Their secret ingredient is Habanero peppers, so don't say I didn't warn ya! As for the different flavors, House Cajun is the way to go. It's tangy, spicy, and downright the best out of the lot. Lemon Pepper is exactly how it sounds, and with the limitless limes and S&P by your side, it's not necessary to order it. Same goes for Garlic Butter, though the hint of garlic was there, it wasn't much of a dramatic kick. House Cajun is the way to go! Your 8 Legged Freaks and Friends:  - Crawfish (shipped daily from Louisiana)  - Dungeness Crab - Alaskan King Crab Legs - Shrimp - Clams (Jumbo) - Mussels - Raw Oysters (shipped from Washington) - and Lobster. They have Boston Lobster!I love Lobster. If you know me, that's the first and foremost thing I order at any fine dining restaurant, next to Foie Gras. I love me a good Filet Mignon but it doesn't compare to my love for Lobster! So, you could tell how ecstatic I was to FINALLY discover a joint that serves these delicious clawed crustaceans. These babies were fatty too. Roughly 2 lbs per at $25 (Market Price), it was a must order! As for the rest of the critters: (see photos)The Oysters weren't the regular puny ones you'd normally see and a great way to fuel your appetite. The Crawfish were fairly small but I'm personally not a fan of crawfish so no biggie. The Shrimp were nice, very plump, and fresh. And the Clams were amazing in Med/House Cajun!Service was amazing! It's nice that Cajun House is small so that the employees can better cater to each party much more efficiently. The food came out quite fast, waters were constantly refilled, shell buckets were emptied regularly, and the owner took our constructive feedback to account to make our next visit was even more memorable. I can predict great things to come for Cajun House. Fresh quality seafood, hospitable and attentive staff, great residential area: it's all the key-points to success. I just hope there won't be a 3-hour wait in the near future to come back for seconds! Additional: - The Garlic Noodles are BOMB. Get it. yelp.com/biz_photos/Mavr… - House Noodles is topped off with Tobiko.  - Steamed Rice is available. - Sausages are always a nice add. Same goes for Corn on the Cob!  - Complimentary Ice Cream (to cure your Habanero burns) - No charge for Water (unlike Boiling Crab). - Blue Moon and Sierra Nevada on tap. - 2 LED Flatscreens with Live Sports. - There's only 1 restroom (so a wait is imminent) - +18% gratuity for parties 6+ - Remember not to wear white, or you'll be asking for trouble. -  And it's in the Richmond district!
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,8/11/2012,608,477,16,20,18>One year later and I find myself writing an update review all while wishing I could give Devil's Teeth more than just 5 stars! I still come here which says a lot for this establishment since I'm Ms. Non-committal when it comes to food joints. Though they changed their coffee from Blue Bottle to Sightglass to now Bicycle, I still appreciate and applaud them for wanting to better themselves. Coffee is quite important! Here's what I normally horde...purchase from Devil's Teeth:- A cup of their French Press coffee- Beer cheddar onion bacon muffins (yes, plural) - Breakfast sandwich if I'm hungry (but I'm always hungry!)And if I allow myself to have sweets, I purchase:- A scone, any scone- Monkey bread - Lemon bar- BlondieIf you haven't been here yet, what in the world are you waiting for..? There's even sidewalk chalk for big kids like me!
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,8/10/2012,1425,139,9,30,17>100th Review, I dedicate to you, Lands End!- Beautiful hike with scenic trails that hug the coastline (pray for a clear day!)- Fairly easy hike (the harder parts are if you choose to go down the multitude of steps that lead you to a lil' shore area that also will lead you to the mini-maze)- Parking is easy by Sutro Baths & the hike to the Legion of Honor & back won't take you longer than 1.5hrs, and that's if you're stopping for pics, etc.One of those many reasons I love this city & am so proud & deliriously happy & blessed to live in it =)
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,8/9/2012,363,329,20,24,22>Let me begin at the beginning, Zero Zero. Hard to believe this is my first review of 2012. Apologies as I've the yelpy writers block for awhile now, but breaking through to the other side.  I absolutely love this place. Eaten here several times and haven't been disappointed. Great decor and ambiance. Awesome libations (beer and wine), as well as handcrafted cocktails (with gin, whiskey, bourbon). Can even ask the bartender to make you a crafted cocktail that isn't on the menu, too. From the starters to the pasta and wood fired pizza, you cannot go wrong with anything on this Zero Zero menu. In my humble opinion, here are the Must Haves:- Skillet Fried Chicken Thighs - Seriously, one of the best I've ever had. Crispy skin texture with tender and super moist chicken. AHHHmazing!- Slow Cooked Pork Belly, Roman Style Dumpling, Crispy Broccoli, Poached Egg, Harissa - Can never go wrong with this pork belly dish. Great combo with the poached egg. Delicious. - Casareccia Pasta (Prosciutto, Arugula, Grana Padano, Butter, Prosciutto Breadcrumbs, Spaghettoni, House Made Pancetta) - Great pasta dish and bursting with texture and flavor. - Margherita (Tomato Sauce, Basil, Mozzarella, Parmesan, De Padova Extra Virgin Olive Oil) - Solid margherita pizza and the extra virgin olive oil makes it pop. It's also available frozen for take out.Castro (House Made Sausage, Tomato Sauce, Mozzarella, Basil) -  Pizza with sausage house made -- enough said! Who says you can't find the Castro in SOMA? Hee! Also available frozen for take out.Geary (Manilla Clams, Tomato Sauce, Garlic, Bacon, Pecorino, Parsley, Calabrian Chile) - Great flavor and clams with bacon are a solid combo. Seriously, you can't go wrong when you add bacon to anything.  *For dessert, you can pick from the plated selections, or create your own. This is the best creation yet: Sticky toffee pudding (base) with caramel sauce and special toppings of olive oil and sea salt with vanilla ice cream (fro-yo). It's a bit pricey for dessert, but so worth it. Every bite is sinfully digalicious delicious! Guaranteed that your dessert plate will be spotless like ours was. You'll be saying Oh Mylanta and need to roll out of the restaurant. At least, you'll roll out with a smile on your face :)Make sure to make ressies at Zero Zero.Will be back to Zero Zero and would love to try their weekend brunch! Cheers and Ciao!!
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,8/8/2012,792,472,6,11,12>Thank you Grateful Dog for being able to take my pup for the weekend. I was in a bind and being new to the city...I didn't know where to leave my pride and joy. Then a co worker told me about them and the rest is history. Super friendly staff from the first phone conversation I had with them. I love, love, love that they are crate free, as well as offer an outdoor area (even if it's small). Most places in the city have none.Bonus - they offer a discount if your pup is a rescue. Well done, Grateful Dog...well done!  Overall...I highly recommend The Grateful Dog for anyone looking for a fantastic doggy getaway for their pup.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2012,8/7/2012,432,176,8,19,17>Goal: Try a different spot each week with Happy Hour Oysters.After finally finding this place, we were quickly seated inside. (If you have trouble finding this place like we did, just go upstairs and walk all the way past Samovar) The glass windows all around provide some gorgeous scenery on a sunny day. The menu was a lot smaller than we expected but between 3 people we split the Burger, 30 oysters, 1/2 dozen fried oysters, the sausage pizzetta and truffle fries. The Pizzetta and Truffle Fries are my favorite. The Sangria was a little lacking but its $5 well drinks from 4:30 to 7.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2012,8/6/2012,827,179,10,14,16>Came here for happy hour and sampled the oysters, the grilled cheese sandwich and the clam chowder. Enough have been said about these dishes. You cannot go wrong with a place with four stars and 1000+ reviews. Although the oysters are on the smaller side, they were fresh and the happy hour price is just unbeatable. I also had fun watching the workers busily shucking oysters for the happy hour crowd. Whether you're a local or just visiting SF, Hog Island is a must try.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2012,8/5/2012,1105,915,21,11,13>I'm trying to find a good way to start this review."OH GOD PLEASE MARRY ME" is a little desperate."So it turns out they don't like it when you make out with their products..." is a little weird...and kind of untrue."So there I was on my period..." is TMI, and also gross.Let me just say that TCHO chocolate is heaven in a six dollar bar, or a $72 bag of 60.5% cacao baking chips.A few weeks ago I got a chocolate pudding recipe from a family friend who instructed me that, while the other chocolate institutions of San Francisco were great, TCHO was the best he had ever, and will ever, have tasted. I skipped merrily from the parking space available (there were SEVERAL!) right in the Pier 17 parking lot, and into the store. Being that it wasn't busy, I was offered several kinds of baking chips and offered a shot of their drinking chocolate (and some water. Stuff coats your throat like 'tussin during a cough). It was so good, in fact, that I bought two cans of drinking chocolate, a 6.6lb bag of baking chocolate, and 10 ounces of their roasted cacao nibs dipped in dark chocolate.Then yesterday I needed to go back for another 6.6lb bag, 16 ounces of the roasted cacao nibs dipped in dark chocolate, and a milk chocolate bar with caramel tones that arise when the milk scalds perfectly. Husband and I couldn't resist finishing the bar before we left Embarcadero (the STREET. We made it to the Ferry Building about 3 blocks away).The pudding I made was divine. In fact, I ate some while I was sobbing in my car after running off of three hours of sleep (and just started shark week) and having curdled all the rest of my other puddings the night before, which was about five hours of wasted effort. The sobbing didn't stop, but I did manage to cry out, "THIS IS SO GOOD...WWAAAAHHHHH..."I had a rough week. The point is that if you want to make it better, you should buy their chocolate and make some pudding. It doesn't matter what the recipe is, you could probably add anything and it'll taste like the Flying Spaghetti Monster baked it himself. Hell, if you get their drinking chocolate and pull a shot of it, then put it in the fridge for three hours, you get mousse! So ladies (and gents), learn from this - buy some. You'll thank me later.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,8/4/2012,346,120,11,21,17>"OH WOW!!  WHAT'S THE OCCASION?"  This is always the first thing to come out of anyone's mouth when I tell them that I lunched here.  Funny how Boulevard has always been known as the special occasion spot.  Did you know that you can have lunch at Boulevard for less than lunch at..... Hog Island or Anchor & Hope?  But you would never ask what the special occasion was if I dined at either of these restaurants, correct?  Perhaps it's because the implied prestige of Boulevard that automatically makes one think that dining here is too steep for their pockets. The reality is that I can share an appetizer and have my own entree for $30.00 including healthy sf tax/sales tax/tip, while I'm paying $40 for a similar order at Hog Island or Anchor & Hope.  The lunch menu at Boulevard is quite extensive with items ranging from sandwiches, burgers, seafood, and appetizers.  The great thing about this place is that most of the appetizers & starter salads are priced from $9-13 and the majority of their entrees are under $20.  Last time, I ordered their squid ink pasta with soft shelled crab for $16 and shared an arugula salad for $13.  Both dishes were satisfying and delicious.  Other times, I've enjoyed the beef carpaccio, fresh crab salad, and tuna tartare. Best of all, it's all packaged with their impeccable service. Next time someone asks you where you want to lunch, don't be shy...say Boulevard!!  One might  seemed shocked at first but you'll get the last laugh when the check comes because it's not as pricey as people may think!!!
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2008,5/13/2009,3057,2814,29,32,32>Don't you forget about meDon't don't don't don'tDon't you forget about meWill you stand above me?Look my way, never love meRain keeps falling, rain keeps fallingDown, down, down....I kinda miss drive-in movies. When I was a toddler in San Mateo, my dad would take out the two-tone Rambler station wagon and take us to the now-defunct Burlingame Drive-In where we would see gems like "Yours, Mine and Ours" and "Chitty Chitty, Bang Bang". Memories ...like the corners of my mind...Since the drive-in theater has gone the way of the dinosaur, we now have the summertime option of seeing movies on the big screen at Dolores Park on Saturday nights. It's a great idea since the park has a gradual slope on the southern side that lends itself to amphitheater viewing. Jamie W. and I got there around 8pm, so we ended up being way in the back.They were showing "The Breakfast Club" last Saturday, and I could barely tell Molly Ringwald from Judd Nelson from where I was sitting. The sound wasn't great either, but in a certain way, none of that really matters since most people seem to be paying only half-attention to the feature as they chat away. Who am I to shush people? It's free after all.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2008,5/12/2009,50,43,11,18,15>Facilities: 5 stars - jacuzzi, sauna, steam, cool mist room, plus full vanity with all sorts of products, hair dryer, curling and flat iron, etc.Service: 4 stars - I had forgotten to bring the 25% off coupon I received recently, but they still honored it without giving me any grief. Massage: 4 stars (2nd visit), 2.5 stars (1st visit)Although I really like the facilities at Burke Williams, for me it all comes down to how good the massage is.  I mean, at the end of the day, I can find nice facilities all over the city, but I want someone who can knead out all the stress from my body.My first visit here was a few months ago and my massage therapist was friendly.  But as she worked deeper and deeper into the knots in my shoulders, it became more and more painful.  I know my shoulders are really tight from sitting in front of my computer all day (Yelping of course), but I've had many massages before and it really needn't be painful.  She told me that I was going to be sore for the next few days, and not only was I sore, I also had a headache for the next couple of days.  Argh, I came here to relax, not to be abused.I wasn't planning to go back to BW anytime soon, but a girlfriend of mine decided to treat me to a massage here for my birthday.  I figured I'll give it another try, but this time I researched through Yelp to make sure I find the best therapist.  I decided to go with Shauna and she was so much better than the first person I had.  She had a firm touch yet not painful, and I didn't feel any soreness or have a headache afterward.In conclusion, the facilities at BW are good but make sure you do some research on a good massage therapist before you book.  It makes a world of difference.  Thanks Yelpers!
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2009,5/11/2009,636,190,45,65,63>November 08 *cough/wheeze....cough/wheeze* December 08 *cough/wheeze....cough/wheeze* January 09 *cough/wheeze.....Ok....what the f&ck is up w/ my immune system?!?! I'm never sick this long...ever." "Could it be the "A" word? But how? I know how the virus is transmitted so I'm pretty much at low risk. Still, what is up w/ my generally kick ass immune system?" *calling pcp* "Three week wait for your next appt?...ok...I'll book it :(. I need to quell this anxiety ASAP." So going on-line, I found a reliable place for free/confidential drop in testing. ucsf-ahp.org/HTML2/servi…. They are part of (or at least associated with) UCSF and they are conveniently located on Market at Church. Their website easily gives the times for drop in testing so your wait will be at a minimal. All you need to do is print the page w/ a coupon (I guess to track how you found out about them). The place is well lit, staff are friendly and they have plenty of magazines while you wait. But you don't wait long at all. From check in, to results: about 45 mins. The staff are knowledgeable (initial symptoms, time needed for your body to develop antibodies) and are very willing to discuss this w/ you while you wait. The method they use is OraQuick Advance: Rapid HIV-1/2 Antibody Test. So I filled out an anonymous survey, they took 1 drop of blood, and I waited 20 mins. I'm taken to a room and given the result and was handed an envelope if I wanted to give a future donation. Counselor: "So you tested negative." Me: *exhale* Ok, thanks. Note to self: I guess going out every night for the last two months of 08 and getting about 4 hours of sleep a night did have an effect on me. Treatment plan: 1. Utilize the "sounds cool" feature more often than not. 2. "Sorry, I'm staying in tonight." is my new catch phrase. 3. Tea w/ honey, Oregano Oil, Echinacea, lots of Vitamin C. Get tested....get tested....get tested!!!!!_________________________________________________I FINALLLY see the PCP and he tells me that I'm perfectly healthy, except for this allergy. I didn't even know I'm allergic to anything.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2009,5/10/2009,567,250,47,45,47>After being extremely jollied out with holiday cheer and rounding each corner with a plastered smile on my face, shopping until I wanted to ram a tire up the chick's arse who stole my parking spot, and for weeks greeting family and friends with hugs and presents...I needed to have a drink in a low-key bar where nobody knows my name! (which actually can be any bar! Hehe.)PERFECT TIMING - A few friends were doing a gig at Jack's Club on Sunday night. I was ready to wash all that Holiday love out of my system with a nice cold beer while drowning my attention in the familiar lyrics of my friends' songs.  This place is definitely a local hangout with its regulars yelling out brash remarks like "Get the fuck out of my chair!" as their way of saying "Hello, glad you can make it." I saw the regular meth addict fall into the club and converse with demons, then, shuffle back outside to howl at the moon. There were old-timers that got shit-faced drunk before falling out onto the sidewalk. The bartender was a nice woman who served up our drinks with a friendly smile, but I am confident that you don't want to mess with her.The bar has a karaoke night on Tuesdays. Welcomes seasoned and amateur musicians to perform on Sunday nights. OVERALL: A very roomy bar with a pool table in the back. Very Divey. Great atmosphere to be left alone with your $2 beer or to chat up friends and bar regulars. Cool place to discover local musicians.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2009,5/9/2009,1792,531,20,24,28>I fully blame Morocco for my inability to become a vegetarian. My discovery of this North African country's cuisine will ensure I remain a carnivore for the rest of my life. I have made several attempts in the last year to give up meat. I switched from regular burgers to veggie. I'm okay with substituting my chicken Marsala with veggie Marsala. My beloved burritos are just as good with fish or shrimp. San Francisco is very vegetarian/vegan friendly city, and I could probably live here happily-ever-after without consuming any more factory farmed creatures. Enter Moroccan lamb. My one foodie weakness in life. These Moroccan's have their meat cooking down to perfection. It puts most other cuisines (especially American Cuisine) to shame. I actually never cared much for lamb until now, and low and behold, I can't seem to stop eating it. I can go without chicken, and maybe even steak, but lamb? Moroccan lamb? Impossible!! So I was quite excited to try Cafe Zitouna for lunch. I had a falafel wrap which was fantastic, with all the essentials inside (avocado, hummus, feta). I also ordered the lamb sausage couscous to stick in my fridge for dinner. I couldn't help but try one of the links, which turned into 3, and left me so uncomfortably full I wanted to kick my gluttonous self. I often find that I am unable to stop eating when something is so damn good, and this lamb sausage really hit the mark. The couscous had some spicy kick to it and certainly deserves a thumbs up. And the mint green tea came in a venti size to-go cup, including fresh mint. :-) Now onto the establishment. Its small, clean, and casual. A great place for lunch, or take out. Pretty much everything is under $10 and you will be hard pressed to find food this good for so little $$. No, its not going to taste like a $25 plate at Aziza, but it's going down the record books as one of my favorite places for an inexpensive meal.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2009,5/8/2009,258,82,48,31,36>Show me your O-face. "Oh..Oh...You know what I'm talkin' about, O!" Multiple-O's (okay, stars) are given for:- True gonads to put "Orgasm" into the name- Sexy Motto: "We never fake it!"- Great lunch specials: Pizza, salad, drink for $7.50Love ordering up some erotic pizza:- Ménage à Trois: basically a queso gang-bang- Doggie Style: Open up for meat, meat, and more meat- Kinky Cow: Think handcuffs, whips, blue cheese & horny beefFor a truly Orgasmica experience, release your inhibitions and show 'em your O-face.  Oh... Oh...Ohhhh! ;)
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2009,5/7/2009,413,111,17,29,27>Congratulations, Miette, for the opening of your new store in the Marina! Now, I don't frequent the Marina unless it's a gorgeous San Francisco day, but I will definitely have to come more often now with the new Miette store opened.I came for a private opening party on a rainy first day of March for some champagne and choquettes and was very pleased with every single detail of the new store. The store was green with colorful wallpaper accents, and little pink details through out. The new store has all of the baked goods--macaroons, cake, cupcakes, tarts, brownies, cookies--that the Ferry Building location sells AS WELL as the candies--jelly beans, long French marshmallows, caramels, jaw breakers, jellies--that the Hayes Valley candy store sells. It's a one stop shop (but don't forget to visit the girls in the other stores)!So next time you go to the Marina for some shopping or dining, check out Miette's new shop and grab a piece of candy, cupcake, or both! You all know I will with my sweet tooth!
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2009,5/6/2009,292,189,75,48,51>him: So how often a week do you get laid?me: Well, I'm not dating anyone right now.him: Oh honey, that's not what I'm asking. I'm not dating anyone either.me: Then how often?him: Like...twice a day.me: ....Normally if a guy were to ask me that question, I'd probably punch him in the face. But the gays get an exception. I had been to Lime before on a Saturday but it was nothing compared to Sunday brunch mayhem. Six of us girls made it an outing to venture out for mimosas on a rainy Sunday. Do remember to make reservations because we booked on opentable at least 3 weeks in advance and only got a 2pm spot.I don't necessarily go to Lime for the food but more for the atmosphere and people watching. There are definitely some characters to be seen. The waiters are super friendly and pretty good about keeping your $7 bottomless mimosa glass filled to the brim even after the supposed 3:30PM cutoff time. We were there well past 4 and weren't charged the $2 per pour after service stopped. Something about Britney Spears blaring from the speakers makes me wanna sip my mimosas a bit longer. Perfect spot for a girls' get together. And if you're lucky you'll be approached by some new friends who will give you the run down on which he prefers...top or bottom. Now I see why Grace was bff's with Will & Jack.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/10/2009,5/4/2009,85,85,17,14,17>I never eat Pizza (except when I am in Italy)My friends do.So they got a delivery from Victor's and of course I had to try.Except from the fact that my stomach did not appreciate that much cheese I thought it was ok, not as greasy as American pizza can be, more like Italian pizza. Not quite, but more like.It was a lot vegetables and not just 7 pounds of cheese that usually taste like uhh well...nothing.....A big big plus was that the vegetables were crispy, a lot of the times they are just overcooked and taste like water.Even though this was not a real Italian pizza, it was damn close and I might even one day order one myself....Btw all Swedish people seem to have super fast metabolisms except me, my friend ate an x-large and could still drink like 12 beers and be skinny as hell, sometimes life is just not fair, but then again, I really don't care!
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2009,5/3/2009,359,743,16,20,20>It's gotten so I can only give things five stars anymore, and without dragging you down psychoanalysis lane, I've become a much more "if you don't have anything nice to say" person than I used to be. That said, sometimes even for the princess of hyperbole, things can just be good. Not AWESOME or MINDBLOWING and not at all bad or even "meh" (the kids aren't saying that anymore, FYI), but just solid good. Decent, better than that even. Nopalito is good. I won't calibrate its goodness against potential influencing factors like duration of time spent getting the door open (hella long), or the fact that when you're sitting in their little enclosed glass porch looking at new construction it feels disconcertingly suburban (even if this *is* what the neighborhood thought they wanted), I'll just let its goodness be by itself. In a little corner of... goodness.Vegetarian options abound, things like masa and crema and tacos take on the gourmetfying flavors of boutique mushrooms, and the horchata is really the best $4.00 you'll spend all day.  I can walk home from it quickly and comfortably. Todo esta bien.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,11/23/2011,794,428,39,29,24>I am Chinese American with the emphasis on CHINESE. I mean ride and die, whenever I go back to China my grandpa makes me fried scorpions and my cousins and I go out to restos with four floor walk ups to eat intestines boiled in hot chili oil with loads of floating chilis on top. Whenever I eat that deliciousness it's seasoned with my TEARS because I'm crying about how I won't get anything like it back in the states. But then there was Mission Chinese Food.Oh, my, sweet, four dragons of PRC this place is magnificent. They cook Chinese SOUL food. Not that it's greasy and rich--- but it actually comes from the soul. Each taste for me is a lyrical memory that makes my mouth sing. I sometimes go by myself just to get the congee, there's some delicious strands and pieces of a shellfish, a delicious egg, tons of little crispy, chewy fat pieces and scallions. I mean, I can't remember the exact names of the toppings off the top of my head but I remember being so happy. So happy. SO HAPPY. (Holy crap, I wrote delicious too many times in that paragraph but that's just a testament to my extremely positive emotional reaction to this place). This place is always jam packed and the people around me are always emitting moans of pleasure or gasping at the sheer deliciousness of their order. My fiance takes me on dates here and we are tempted to order the General Tso's Veal Rib every time. It is so fucking good and comes with a brutal knife stabbed into it that is the culinary sign language for: FUCKING EAT ME and we FUCKING EAT IT. The beer and drinks are priced like a real run-of-the-mill Chinese place. I've even seen crappier places charge more!People behind this place are very thoughtful and not obnoxious. I thought they'd be too kitchy-chic but they're actually just "keeping it real."Regarding service, Chinese grandmas deliver the food speedily and will give you anything you want as long as you flag them down. It's no bullshit. Now that I live in the Mission it's likely I'll be eating here every week!!
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2011,11/22/2011,631,981,29,34,33>Considering I had a photo log dating back to June of 2010, I'm surprised I hadn't yelped Mr. & Mrs. Miscellaneous.  I'm going to take care of that now.I often use my lactose intolerance as an excuse to limit my intake on dairy, but on specific Tuesdays and Wednesdays each month that whole "I can't have too much dairy"-thing goes right out of the window.  I generally stop off at Mr. & Mrs. Miscellaneous prior to volunteering at the San Francisco Food Bank located just four blocks away.  Often the reasoning is two-fold.  Why arrive too early inside a massive warehouse waiting for other volunteers to arrive when I could kill time inside a fabulous ice cream shop and have some fabulous ice cream to boot?  If I crunch enough enzyme tablets prior to my visits my lactose excuse simply disintegrates.I not only love the ice cream here, but everything I've tried has been magnificent whether that be the peanut or almond brittle, the malted milk balls or the crazy Peanut Brittle and Toffee Cookies (yelp.com/biz_photos/YzA3…).  I normally like crunchy cookies over soft cookies, but these stand nicely in between with crispy edges and a soft, chewy center of buttery cookie with fabulous peanut brittle and soft toffee melted in.I've easily tried over twenty of their often-changing ice cream flavors, and over the months I have found a few favorites.  Their Nougat ice cream (yelp.com/biz_photos/YzA3…) was the first flavor I had ever tried.  If ever I experienced love at first bite this was it.  It's basically sweet cream from Marin's favorite Straus Family Dairy with organic pistachios and bits of dried fruit like cherries and apricots. The description is pretty simple, but the flavor was so intense.I believe their signature Ballpark ice cream (yelp.com/biz_photos/YzA3…) was also one of the earlier flavors I tried.  I thought the entire composition was genius, and yes, its components did remind me of things I've had at a ball game.  It's crunched up pieces of chocolate-covered pretzels, chopped peanuts and Anchor Steam beer all mixed within a creamy, rich Straus cream.  Totally awesome!Yesterday, I went all out and had a double scoop consisting of Bourbon & Caramel and Fudge Ripple (yelp.com/biz_photos/YzA3…) since San Francisco enjoyed a rare day of abundant sunshine.  As a whole I thought the two flavors combined very well together.  On their own however I thought the Fudge Ripple easily outflavored the Bourbon & Caramel.  Both flavors use the same delicious sweet cream.  The Fudge Ripple flavor had my tongue dancing though.  Mixed in with the sweet cream was big chunks of rich, gooey chocolate fudge mixed with chopped toasted almonds.  Meanwhile the Bourbon & Caramel was mostly sweet, sticky caramel.  For me anyway the bourbon flavor was a bit too subtle.All in all though this is an amazing place for delicious ice cream, and a perfect place to fuel up prior to a Food Bank project.  I'll be back the first week in September.  Can't wait to see what flavors will captivate my taste buds next!!
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2011,11/20/2011,541,99,15,19,19>I am obsessed with coffee shops and thought it was about time that I learned how to make my own fabulous coffee at home. I was already doing my own research when, on a lazy afternoon stroll on Valencia, I found out that Four Barrel had their very own 'brewing better coffee at home' class. I signed up right away. What a treat!Four Barrel, with its industrial open space, boards' heads on the wall, lack of pastries variety and pretentious hipster crowd, is not necessarily my type of coffee shop. I am more into the cozy ones, with lots of seating and gracious baristas, where I can spend hours immersed in a book, or simply relaxing and people watching. However, when I am around that part of the Mission, I find myself lured into it and grabbing a cup of coffee to go. I do like their coffee, and I like to watch them make it so slowly and carefully, with so much reverence as if they are painting the Monalisa.They have their coffee class once a month, on Mondays. It is a two hour class, and it goes by really fast. There were 11 people in my class (usually 10), and everyone was engaged and asking tons of questions. The instructor, Matthew, a self proclaimed coffee geek who owns 6 grinders, was very knowledgeable and kind of funny. We learned about the coffee bean, roasting, under-extraction, over-extraction, coffee ratio, types of grinders, water temperature, etc. He covered four brewing methods: French press (still my favorite), chemex, clever drip and V60. At the end we could purchase any of the tools with a class discount, and pretty much everyone in the class bought something. We were all so ready to put our new knowledge to the test!What makes me a fan of Four Barrel is their passion for coffee, which is reflected all the way from the sourcing to the serving. And now they are even sharing their love and expertise with us, coffee aficionados. If you are one, go take Matthew's class.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2011,11/19/2011,1928,1761,20,24,23>I think we all know that Saigon Sandwich is still one of the hottest businesses in San Francisco. Thus the deli is always busy and crowded..."duh, like you didn't know that!"On the same block and just a few doors down from the popular Vietnamese deli is a brand new deli that makes delicious hot sandwiches. Only opened since the beginning of September, the new deli temporarily offers four kinds of hot sandwiches. I had one of them for lunch: the popular Roasted Prime Rib Dip Sandwich. For $7.99, I get slabs of thinly sliced roasted prime rib meat with the usual condiments in a sandwich including creamy horseradish in a soft roll. I also get a warm au jus dipping sauce and a side of house salad with my meal. I got to tell you that I haven't had prime rib in so long and this is definitely a dream sandwich for meat-lovers.  Unlike Saigon Sandwich, the two homies making my sandwich are very nice and treated me with royalty. And with my kind words, the two guys also gave me a free can of soda with my meal. As always, if the long line at Saigon Sandwich deters you, try something and somewhere else and give this place a try.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,11/18/2011,1099,544,14,21,20>Want a sammy stuffed with meat and isn't drowning in sauce?  Then Deli Board is the place for you.  I first came here on  Monday close to closing time, but they still let us order and eat our sammy at their table.  We split a Boca and since we ate there, they gave us some extra pickles to try.  The meat has such good flavor, there's no need for any special sauces. They literally put on a huge pile of meat.  The bread is toasted just right so its still soft yet crispy and it absorbs all the meaty juices.  Their pickles are the real deal.  They're crispy and not overly salty.  The best part is that they have delivery via bike messenger.  I was at AT&T Park for a game on a Saturday, and they rode out and met us at the Safeway.  Great service!
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,11/17/2011,2534,499,20,19,22>This is the way I roll...Okay, so I finally did a long overdue oil change on one of my Vettes today...had a case of Mobil 1 from Costco and a new Bosch filter from Kragen and thought I was fully prepared.  As always, I opened the box before purchase and made sure the gasket on the filter was not de-formed.  Like takeout food lately, if you don't check it, it's sure to be wrong, but only if you don't check it first.  Well, after draining the oil (thereby making the car undrivable), I realized that the new filter was defective and rattled.  Next time I'll be sure to shake it too.  After several calls, I realized no one was around on a Sunday and had to find an alternate means of transport to Kragen in order to exchange my filter.Well, after having had a great experience looking around the Purple Skunk store yesterday, I had briefly been inspired to break out my old skateboard.  Most people don't know it and would never guess, but many years ago, I used to be a skateboarder.  Was actually pretty good and have still fooled around from time to time (surprised some kids by doing 360s with a borrowed board outside the bar a year or so ago), but to be honest, the last time I truly used one for transportation was back around high school.  Wasn't sure how it would go at first or if I still had what it takes, but after a few blocks, realized that not only was I up to it, but that it was my old board was the one that was lacking.  Amazingly enough, skateboarded all the way to Kragen to exchange the defective oil filter, 18 blocks each way for a total of 36 blocks, getting some strange and surprised looks along the way on an old skateboard with the grim reaper on it.  Pretty hilarious, but hey...it got the job done.  Uphill was a pain, but downhill was fun!!!Anyway, was in the area yesterday and just happened to discover the Purple Skunk store.  Was happy to see that some of my favorite brand names were still around (especially Independent trucks) and told the guy working there that I used to have Indy 169s which was the hot setup back in the day.  The guy working behind the counter was really cool and was great at answering all the silly questions I had about skateboard parts, brands, and trends since I was last into it.  He was really nice and brought me up to speed.  We had a great conversation...super cool.  They have an awesome selection of boards (and parts) and even a bunch of demo boards.  Love the concept...try before you buy.  Some really nice, reasonably priced used skateboards too (low miles...most likely ridden to church only on Sundays by a little old lady!).  As I was there, I fell in love with a set of wheels.  3dM Avila 75mm wheels.  Man, those suckers are wide!  I guess my taste in car tires carries over into the board realm too.  Never seen such cool wheels on a skateboard before.  The rational side of me wonders if wider would be more apt to get stuck on a pebble and send me flying, but aesthetically, those things were hot!  I lusted after those fat Alberts.  Hmmmmm, maybe I'll get a set of those wheels for my old board.  Until recently, my board was more of something to sit on while I worked on my cars, but this opens up a whole new world of possibilities.Killer skate shop, truly the best I've seen in a long time...check it out!!!
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2011,11/16/2011,704,219,22,27,24>Dear Mr. Pollo,I owe you an apology. No, it's not for what you might be thinking - I've never written unsavory remarks about you or slandered you to my friends. In fact I only had positive things to say in my previous write-up of your business. But I did make one mistake in that first review - one big mistake. I underestimated you.See, even after publically endorsing your Pork and Cheese Arepa as one of the best I've ever tasted, I still wrote you off in my mind as a simple specialty shop. But then I finally opened my mind up enough to look past your arepas and venture into tasting menu territory. Now, after countless return visits, it's obvious that my initial perception of you was wrong. Completely, embarrassingly wrong, and for that, I'm sorry.I've eaten some of the year's most memorable dishes while crunched into one of your 12, tightly-packed seats. First of all, every SOUP you serve is incredible. I mean, screw Campbell's, the next time I'm sick I'm heading straight to your door and begging you for any soup that comes from your stoves. Your LOBSTER BROTH and SEARED SCALLOP SOUP is the first that comes to mind, as it has your signature mark of being simple in its appearance, but complex in its execution. A homemade lobster broth filled with seared bay scallop, squid a la plancha, yucca, cucumber radish, fennel frond, potato, English peas, mushroom, carrot, red onion, and fava bean is far from your average, brothy soup and overflows with flavor. Another stand out from the dozens of dishes I've tried is your CONFIT of BABY OCTOPUS. That night it was served with shaved fennel salad, fish eggs, parsley, burnt spring onion, garlic oil, and papitas, making an amazing balance of toasty, bitter, smoky, and salty flavors. Not to mention the protein was beautifully executed, making it one of the most tender versions of octopus I've tried.And it's worth repeating that, in my eyes, your AREPAS are still the best in town. While the crispy pork and cheese is consistently one of my favorites, the one time when you unexpectedly swapped fried pork for insanely moist pork loin was the pinnacle of your arepa prowess. I may have initially questioned why you'd change a good thing, but after one bite there was no question that pork loin was king and I had a new menu favorite.Manny, you once said that your goal in opening a restaurant in that location and charging pennies for the food was to be able to feed any and every person, rich or poor, in the Mission. So finally, I want to say thank you for only charging $20 for your tasting menu. Seriously, from the bottom of my heart, thank you for serving me so much delicious food for so little money. Because of your beyond-reasonable pricing, I've been able to recommend Mr. Pollo to pretty much anyone looking for a good SF restaurant, and I've been able to make weekly trips without worrying about my bank account. In short, you've made your restaurant accessible for almost any occasion, and that makes you a rare gem in a city overflowing with dining options.Thanks for everything! Your biggest fan,Kelsey
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2011,11/15/2011,1792,531,7,14,15>I'm sort of ashamed I waited so long to come here, years after the Academy has re-opened and Nightlife began. The crowds seem to have been in full force back in 2009, but last night had the perfect amount of people, meaning I could walk around without shoving others or spilling my wine. There were still a few idiots who do things like stand in the stairwell chatting with their group and blocking traffic, but for the most part the flow of people was smooth. The Academy may be smaller than New York's Museum of Natural History, but it makes up for it in other ways, like a gorgeous deep blue aquarium and multi-story living rain forest. Everything is modern and beautifully designed, unlike the Exploratorium which is in need of a serious interior face lift. The other Nightlife events I've been to allow children, even though most parents know better- and the rest of us frown upon those those who don't. The Academy is strictly 21+, ie: no teenagers and no kids. Its so refreshing to be in a museum with just adults. The DJ was playing some great tracks, and even a few 80's mash ups at the end of the night. Since I came here with two friends I only got to see about half of the museum (some exhibits like the rain forest close early). While its obvious that this is a great place for a date night, I wouldn't be afraid to come here alone and get to see all of the exhibits at my own pace. Six Stars.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,11/14/2011,427,329,16,24,23>My first review in months is dedicated to my beloved World Series Champions, San Francisco Giants. While I have already reviewed AT&T Park previously, this is my review for the Ballpark Tour that I had a chance to experience a few months prior to the postseason.  And well, we all know how that went about.  This review is written as I count down the days until Opening Day.  yelp.com/bi...As a San Francisco native--born and raised--I, like many others have grown up watching and cheering on the San Francisco Giants.  Like San Francisco itself, the Giants organization has been through many ups and downs in order to search for its meaning and to establish a place in an elite arena.  Many other cities in the country have a much longer history and strong hold; many other baseball clubs have had much more previous success.  10 years ago, AT&T Park opened the new home for the Giants organization.  A new fresh breath of air filled the streets of San Francisco and much of the Bay Area.  Suddenly, going to a baseball game to enjoy good entertainment with friends seemed so much more fun! Long gone were those days of foggy windy afternoons at Candlestick Park, A&T Park really made visitors feel truly at home.I have visited the ballpark several times for games, but having the opportunity to experience the Behind-The-Scenes Ballpark Tour really made me proud to be a Fan of the Giants.  It is one thing to experience a game at the Ballpark among thousands of other fans cheering on the home team, but it was such a different experience having the opportunity to visit the nooks and crannies of the Park.  It was only when I had the privilege to stand on the field near home plate and stare up into 42,000 seats that I was only truly able to grasp just how massive this stadium is! As a Giants fan, knowing that many-a-momentous occasion took place here at the Ballpark and seeing it in its rawest state, it can really take your breath away.  Continuing from the field, we found our way over to the Visiting Team dugout.  I made sure I had the opportunity to sit on the benches of the visiting team.  I looked up, and for a moment, I started to believe I was playing in a historic baseball game.Upon visiting the dugout, it was here that I started to get a feel of just what the Ballpark did during the off-season. Our tour guide informed us that during many Birthday parties, they often leave the batting cages open for patrons to enjoy a little batting practice.  Further in to the Park, we also had the opportunity to see the Visiting Team Club House, from the locker rooms to training facility and offices etc.  While we did not have the chance to see the Giants Club House, it was great to see the Visiting Teams quarters.  It was also nice to see that the Giants organization still put little historic finishing touches on the Visiting Club House.  Here, we had the chance to see a very special door that was intact from Candlestick Park and taken with the Giants to their new home.  It has the signatures of many previous ball players, including Dusty Baker, the former coach of the Giants.  Atop of the door, is a memorabilia piece jacket from the 1989 Bay Bridge World Series that involved the San Francisco Giants, and our neighbor, the Oakland As.  For me, a favorite on the tour was seeing the Club House.San Francisco truly is a city that can do just about anything.  And just as our beloved City can, so does AT&T Park.  Despite the Giants baseball season being one of the #1 attractions in San Francisco during the baseball year, the Ballpark itself is so much more diverse than I could have ever imagined.  To me, the Ballpark strictly meant "Baseball." And boy was I wrong.  The Ballpark has an unsung rule, just about anything can, and will go down here.  From music concerts, senior proms, holiday parties, birthday parties, company meetings and conventions, the ballpark can convert the space into anything one desires.   Musicians like Paul McCartney to Green Day have held concerts at the Ballpark.  The field can even be converted into an X-Games playing field for dirt bikers and stunt fanatics.  Most recently, and quickly becoming a San Francisco Tradition, the San Francisco Opera once again held a Direct Simulcast of the production of Aida to fans at the park. Patrons were able to enjoy the opera for free, and with the opportunity to sit just about anywhere, from the Field to the Upper Reserve.  Just as our city is a multi-cultural mecca, our Ballpark has done just about the same.  San Francisco does not discriminate, and we welcome people from all over the world.  Our Ballpark is exactly the same. It welcomes all events and celebrations, and will accommodate just about any special occasion.  AT&T Park has reinforced just how uniquely diverse the City of San Francisco and the Giants are.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,11/13/2011,992,1060,30,29,26>I wonder how prehistoric Britannians felt when metal was first introduced into their Stone Age culture by invading seafarers. Those visitors, appearing different and scary, possessed a greater knowledge of the world. The natives must've felt an increased propensity to throw down.This is how I feel now, bringing news that the Banh Mi at Little Vietnam are better than those made at Saigon Sandwiches. Yet, before you shun my god(s) and the manner in which I dress, know that I'm only looking out for your best interests.A Banh Mi from Little Vietnam has fresher ingredients and a brighter flavor than any other Banh Mi I've had in the city thus far. The bread isn't dry, but rather lightly toasted in such a way it perfectly complements the innards. Sure, it's $1 more than Saigon Sandwiches, but think of it as a you-don't-have-to-stand-in-line-in-the-TL-with-­crates-of-human-poop tax.That said, my god(s) and threads are way better than yours.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2005,7/2/2006,6,28,3,23,15>Great coffee place!  As recent transplants from the 'burbs of Florida, my husband Owen and I found this was the best place to have coffee and free wi-fi access.  Their coffee is great, the couches are comfy and inviting, they have interesting, games, interesting books on socially conscious issues--and most importantly (for me, anyway), their bathroom is CLEAN!!Plus, they were super-nice: since we were kinda broke and had the added pressure of needing to find an apartment and jobs post-haste, we asked the girl behind the counter (later found out she was one of the owners) if they minded if we were there for a long while using the wi-fi even though we'd only bought 1 coffee each.  She said no problem!  We made the place our official Relocation HQ and went in everyday for our first week in the city.  They didn't disappoint, it was just as nice everytime we went in.  Weekends were considerably more crowded of course, everyone and their mother had their laptop to use the free wi-fi.I'd agree that they could use a little more selection in their pastries, especially more bagels, please!  But otherwise, very nice place, very sweet people and good comfortable atmosphere; they made a regular out of me!
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/15/2006,7/1/2006,0,0,,,>Nothing spectacular! The food is decent, the price is affordable and the service is passable. This is the kind of place that is content with being just above average, and no one should expect anything beyond that from a place that calls itself Squat and Gobble Cafe 2.But my one point of contention, and a rather peculiar one at that, is the word SQUAT. When I think of the word SQUAT, I don't associate it with the word GOBBLE. Rather, I think of the word RUMBLE - the type that involves tiles, sweat and lots of tissue paper!
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2006,6/30/2006,3966,1827,15,16,19>Holy smokes, I've been looking for Playboy and Penthouse issues from my birthdate for awhile now. Sure I could go to eBay, but that's no fun, I want to search the natural way, Google can suck an egg.Well just last week, I stumbled upon The Magazine  what a find -  I can't believe I had never heard of the place!They seem to have all manner of magazine (hence the name) here, although there certainly is an abundance of gay porn (with dirty old gay men to support it). The storefront is connected to a small warehouse in back where they keep most of their collectible back issuses, and that's where I found what I was looking for.The store managers were really helpful too, good people!
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2006,6/28/2006,0,0,26,3,6>Recipe for a silly good time when bored at home.1. Guzzle one can of Red Bull2. Turn radio to 92.73. Shake assYeah, I need to get out more.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2006,6/27/2006,376,326,49,10,25>I used to work in a porn shop a long time ago. It was upscale compared to the ones in Tenderloin, but nothing like GoodVibes. We were one of two stores, and my boss was one of the most frightengly big and tall people ive ever met. He was a salesman though. and makde sure every square inch of that store was covered in something flesh colored, or hot pink. We had 12 tv's around the store constantly running sampler videos. After awhile, read 6 months, i didnt see it anymore. Oh it was still there, i just didnt SEE it. I would see fleshy colored bobbing. Thats it. What body part was rocking up and down, back and forth, i dont know. I could close my eyes and point directly across 800 sq ft to the silver glitter gimp mask with removable purple ball gag. I could determine the differences between Oreo Cookie Vol 3 and Vol 4. I did this like a fucking robot. A PronBot programmed to walk the halls of Vegas Convention Halls.I was severly overstimulated.Thats my biggest bitch about Amoeba. I come in here with this insanely planned out OCD laden list in my head. Enumerating off bands, and releases, and years, and EP's and vinyl pressings, and shit that i need, and i walk in, adrenaline racing, as i plan my hunt. I descend ramp.........Fucking crickets man. I go blank. Like not the blank when you meet some douche you may have met before for drinks and their name begins with a J kinda blank....but a "i just took 9 bonghits and the SATs are in 4 minutes kinda blank.I forget EVERYTHING...event shit i know i like. I picked up and looked at RHCP "Stadium Arcadium"? I fucking hate the Chilis. I caught myself in the House section. HOUSE? WTF? I even did the unthinkable, absolutely most unforgivable thing...I asked to find something.Once i kinda remember. Im a machine....there it is, got it, sweet, now lets get this, cool...wehre do we go..ah yeah over here. Holy shit, vinyl pressings of a band o knew as friends in NY? How the hell? Ok cool...let sgo over here... $398 later, im done and sweaty.They actually get 6 stars....minus one for fucking me up worse than bad drugs with Bea Arthur.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/5/2006,6/26/2006,277,71,25,18,9>i went to farmberbrown on fridaynight and haddrinks. it was an enjoyableexperience so i thought i would go back fordinner.i *really* wanted to enjoy dinner.  the decor inside farmerbrown has lots of nice touches, the color scheme is nice, and the menu has some enticing entries.however... bringing out cold food does not a good dining experience make.   ribeye is supposed to be pipinghot - not cold as in the first time it came out, nor lukewarm as in the second.  the pork tenderloin and macncheese came out cold the first time - but came out nice and hot when the nice waitress fixed it for us.we had started with the gumbo, which was quite nice - a little bit spicy.  there was a longdelay between the gumbo and the first try with the maincourses, which leads me to suspect that the dishes for some unknown reason sat under the warminglights instead of being served. (a humble suggestion to the cooks at farmerbrown: heat the plates.)i would go back to farmerbrown to have drinks, and some gumbo at the bar, and i will probably go back and try an entree again at some point.  but, they need to make someimprovements.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2006,6/24/2006,548,108,48,22,29>Maybe it's just my trailer park roots (represent!), but I like this place.  The bartenders are super friendly and cool.  They have a drink named 'Bitchin Camaro' (Dr. Pepper and Cap Morgan.. should be a Mr. Pibb instead of Dr. Pepper, but nobody here would know what that is huh).  The tater tots a few nights back were perhaps the best I have ever had.  And where else can you order spaghetti-o's in a paper bowl?
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2006,6/23/2006,477,628,19,2,2>Who's your papa?
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2006,6/22/2006,149,127,8,7,8>Muni Fast Pass = $45My Round trip BART fare = 2.80*5 =$14 * 4 (weeks) = $56Even if I didn't ride the bus, the railway or set foot on a streetcar (all of which I do on the regular) I would still be getting over on the man for at least $11 monthly. Like Miri D's taste, this is "Unfuckwithable" !
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2005,6/21/2006,84,41,53,15,20>This is always the place to go at 1:23 a.m. when you need one more glass of booze to quench the grinding loneliness, and you've slept with most of the bartenders so they have to serve you.  A right fine place to stagger around in hoping that this time, you're gonna find 'The One' and not some alcoholic grease-ape who will leave you with nothing but a a taste of salt in your mouth and a sore asshole.  Not that I speak from personal experience or anything.  Be sure to lick the tables for a cheap cocaine high.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2009,1/21/2010,734,876,40,41,46>It is unbelievably difficult to complete a task as simple as flying a kite. Believe it or not, you actually have to have a kite in your possession. Apparently that's a difficult item to find, at least if you don't want to spend more than $25 on it, or you're too lazy to make one. We visited both Sports Basements, only to find that if we wanted to fly a kite, we'd have to hand over $50+. Yikes! I was about ready to give up on the task [at least until the summer when more people are likely to go fly kites], but lo and behold, when wandering around Japantown over the weekend, we happened upon a small selection of kites in the back corner of Japantown Collectibles. Imagine the joy that filled my little beating and hopeful heart when I came across this: flickr.com/photos/suki/3….Sure, there are the typical anime-obsessive games, toys, and knick-knacks in here. In fact, it looks like an explosion of such games, toys, and knick-knacks, but get this - there are kites! They are reasonably priced. Although marked at $20.99, the kite was actually $18.99. I can't wait to fly it.Yes, they take American Express.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2010,1/20/2010,631,981,29,45,42>Man, talk about pressure.  I had not reviewed the Cabrillo Street location of Taishan Café, but when I sat down and looked at the in-restaurant menu there was my gleaming testimony (yelp.com/biz_photos/-b2u…) printed right there on the menu.  Sure, many months ago Lolia S. had informed me that an excerpt from my Yelp review of Taishan's Clement Street location had appeared on a take-out menu she had received in her mailbox, but I had no idea it was also reprinted on the laminated menus used inside the restaurant.My family dined here for the first time on New Year's night 2010 at a family banquet.  We had two big banquet tables inside the restaurant.  My siblings did all of the ordering as I just sat back and enjoyed the family's company.  We had an immaculate two hour feast that most of the family members (even the kids) raved about afterward.  The restaurant's owner and the waitress were very patient in allowing our big group to arrive and settle in slowly.Our meal began with a complimentary chilled Chicken Feet Over Pickled Vegetables (yelp.com/biz_photos/-b2u…).  I loved the salty flavor of the crunchy chicken feet which had good contrast to the tartness of the pickled daikon and carrots.We were served a complimentary house soup as well.  The bowl I got (yelp.com/biz_photos/-b2u…) didn't have all of the ingredients which included white beans, lotus root, chicken parts and pork.  The soup was delicious and perfectly seasoned.Five Spice Duck (yelp.com/biz_photos/-b2u…) was our first main dish.  If you've read any of my past reviews of Chinese restaurants you probably can guess that I loved the duck.  Although the flavor of the five spice powder was not very evident the tenderness of the meat, the smooth texture of the duck skin and the slight sweetness in the gravy made this a hit for me.The Whole Steamed Chicken (yelp.com/biz_photos/-b2u…) was excellent and just cooked enough so no redness appeared in the drumstick's bone marrow.  I particularly liked the hint of scallions and green onion on the surface of the chicken skin.  The meat was soft and silky with excellent flavor.The Home Made Lamb Stew Clay Pot was such a hit I didn't get a chance to capture a photo of it.  The chunks of lamb meat were fall-off-the-bone tender.  The lamb is stewed with dried bean curd sheets and citrus peel and served over Napa cabbage inside the clay pot.  I loved the flavor of this dish and probably ate this selection the most.The Pork Spareribs with Black Bean Sauce steamed in lotus leaf (yelp.com/biz_photos/-b2u…) could have been a bit more tender in my opinion, but the family loved it and ate most of it.  Its flavor was almost as good as something I'd have at home.The stir fried Choy Sum in Garlic (yelp.com/biz_photos/-b2u…) was nice and tender with lots of garlic cloves visible.  I don't eat whole cloves of garlic, but I love its flavor.We had the Pipa Tofu with Abalone Sauce (yelp.com/biz_photos/-b2u…) which was plated around a crown of steamed broccoli.  The tofu was crispy on the outside and hot and silky on the inside.Sauteed Green Beans with White Onion and Garlic was very good too.  I liked the simple crunchiness of the fresh green beans.The Salted Fish with Pork Patty Clay Pot Rice (yelp.com/biz_photos/-b2u…) was a huge hit.  Eat this one carefully because the small bones from the salted fish can be fairly difficult to detect, and trust me, you wouldn't want to choke on one.  The pork patty had coarsely-chopped pork that had very nice flavor, but the hit of the clay pot rice as it often is is the crispy sheets of crackling rice on the sides of the clay pot.  So good!Our meal ended with complimentary servings of warm tapioca in a light coconut-based "pudding" (yelp.com/biz_photos/-b2u…).  I'm not a big fan of coconuts so the three spoonfuls that I did consume can be considered a stamp of my approval.  The tapioca "pudding" was not very sweet.  I actually liked that.Contrary to rumors the restaurant has not changed ownership, but this location may be closing in the near future so that the restaurant's owners can concentrate on the original restaurant on Clement Street.  Regardless of the location I will return to Taishan Café for its delicious homestyle cooking.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2009,1/19/2010,533,452,17,22,23>This Jook (congee) restaurant also serves several types of dim sum fares which I discovered one morning on  the way to the Simple Pleasures Cafe further down the street.So this review basically compliments the cafe review and the savories I had with my coffee.  Here's what I really enjoyed:Curry Beef Puff, Chicken Curry Puff both were fried filled pastries that had a crispy shell with a curry sweet/spicy filling inside.  The doughy fried pork buns reminded me of the pan de sals my grandma used to make for breakfast...yummy.Others delectable dim sum treats were the chicken potstickers, the bbq pork steamed buns, har gow, Singaporean noodles, chicken stuffed bell peppers and the eggplant (but a little greasy).  Although the name of the place is Jook Time- I did not particularly care for the pork and preserved egg congee maybe because I prefer more ginger flavoring in mine.PS- Beware- the stuffed fried curry pastries are addictive! Linked to review below ;-)
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2009,1/17/2010,1567,497,73,70,67>I was thisclose to being on time, but then an old guy face-planted on the concrete sidewalk in front of me and started having a seizure.  I'm not gonna lie, when I saw the missing tooth drool in his mouth, I kinda wanted to keep walking. But, instead of fleeing like the first aid flunkee you all know and love, I chose to hold Seizureguy's hand and huddle over him with an umbrella - staring at his bright white socks (he MUST use special detergent), because if I looked at his bloody face, I knew I would end up on the sidewalk next to him in my own little fit of convulsions.Less than 10 minutes later, a fire truck arrived and 5 guys hopped out and whisked away Seizureguy  - I entertained their questions, but as soon as their backs were turned, I bolted off to Press Club for some liquid therapy and hand sanitizer.I forked over my debit card and ID in exchange for a Press Pass.  Then, I scampered downstairs to see how much I could rack up on my card.  I was in luck:  It was Cupcake Friday.3 delicious wines accompany 3 omnomnom cupcakes for a reasonable $28.  When the server overheard that I had just performed CPR on a bus filled with orphans (you know how that rumor game of Telephone goes) I received a glass of pinot on the house.  The popcorn with truffle butter (only $5!) was delicious.  Savory and strong, so save it for after you've tasted your wine.Loud, fun, posh crowd.  Be careful, though, because dollars can add up pretty fast on your Press Pass.  When I saw my grand total at the end of the evening, I almost passed out and became Seizuregirl...
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2009,1/15/2010,1015,671,47,40,37>How to Have a Great SF MOMA Experience:1.  Casually mention to the BF that you are interested in seeing the Avedon exhibit.2.  Be impressed when he remembers and buys tickets online. 3.  Breeze past the long line outside and go inside to print out your tickets at the Will Call kiosks in 30 seconds flat.4.  Admire and be creeped out by the Avedon photographs and wonder why hardly anyone is smiling. 5.  Be inspired and take some pictures yourself of the building's striking skylight.yelp.com/biz_photos/bbYC…yelp.com/biz_photos/bbYC…6.  Order up the prettiest edible art you've ever seen and a Blue Bottle latte.yelp.com/biz_photos/bbYC…7.  Eat your treats on the rooftop deck while looking at the nicest sculpture garden in the city. 8.  Go back inside and look at the stacked boxes covered in white paint on the floor and the blue paint on the wall and wonder how much SF MOMA paid someone for this "art" and next time could that someone please be me?9.  Look at the elephant poop wrapped in stretchy, suspended pink cloth and wonder if it's just you that doesn't get it.10.  Briefly wander the other galleries until you are "pictured out."11.  Furiously backpedal when the BF asks what the best part of your SF MOMA visit was and you say "THE CAKE" and he says, "The company." (Oops!)
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2009,1/14/2010,344,904,21,28,29>I have been here twice now and The Corner has some great potential to give some of the other wine bars around town a run for their money. The interior is industrial meets elegant meets relaxed. They do cozy well, without ending up looking like page 42 of the Pottery Barn catalog. The wine list is interesting, with a nice selection of wines divided into new and old world categories. As for food, I have only tried the dessert thus far, since I was much more focused on trying several bottles of wines (shocker, I know), and it was good but not mind blowing. I reserve judgement on the food until I try a few more items.The service the first time I went showed that the place is new and the staff is still learning, but the second time it was absolutely outstanding, giving me hope that in a few months time this could be one of my destination spots for wine. Which I shouldn't be telling you all because it will now become one of yours and I will have to wait to get in, or, maybe, just become a regular and angle for some special treatment..... hmmmm.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2009,1/13/2010,1345,369,19,23,27>Tony Bennett left it right here.High among the glow of San Francisco's towers, and the reflecting bay, you know it fell right here.Top of the Mark is a SF Institution, and while history has flickered by, the remnants of a classic era of multi piece bands and midnight serenades still roam this enchanting floor.Life has a funny way of placing you at the right place at the right time, and last night's detour from original plans ended up bringing us to the perfect Thursday evening cocktail loft.We were able to snag a gorgeous table looking out over the TransAmerica building and the sweeping bay view stretching from the Bay Bridge onwards. With a martini menu that had a life of it's own, picking one's poison turned into a choose your own adventure complete with a $ sign.The blue velvet went down nicely, but the Lychee Martini she had will most likely be the one I travel with next time around.San Francisco has a way of pulling you in, and when overlooking the splendor of the city complete with building height stars spread across a limitless horizon, you know why Tony left it right here.The view across the table was pretty spectacular as well... ;)Help Those in HAITI: redcross.org/en
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2009,1/12/2010,491,297,41,33,33>Asian people all have nice bodies because we don't eat fatty, overly sugary - "Help, I'm going into a sugar coma!" - desserts.I frequent 37 degrees quite often for the following:1) Mango Gi-Gi (mangoes with tapioca in a delicious mango juice)2) Egg puffs (you have to get it. you just do)3) Mangoes with black sticky rice in coconut milk (I prefer it hot)Total: $12.90I was born in Hong Kong (holla!) so I miss miss miss the desserts there. 37 degrees allows me to live in Hong Kong -- for about 30 minutes -- and it allows me to reflect on the cutesy, Hong Kong, pig-tail wearing fobby girl I could have been..but can never be..
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2009,1/11/2010,992,1060,47,48,55>Like any good American, I'm on an endless quest to silence my thinking. I'm plagued by profound thoughts. I hate it. My brain keeps asking questions with no quickly attributable answers."Why are we here?"And while I could drink and smoke myself silly, or watch Spiderman 3 again, my brain would only cease for a few hours at best... and the hangover would suck."Is love just a rationalization of chemical reactions?"Enter, brunch at Dosa on Fillmore. Sunny. Conveniently located (to me). Large, with ample service. Great service in an ambient and beautiful interior that will make you feel like the sultan of some third-world country whose name I can't pronounce. "Are the farmers of Argentina being properly represented?"I can feel it go. A vacation for the brain. The Mini Dosa and side combination allows one to sample a variety of dishes. Our host rightfully recommended the Mung Sprouts salad (amazingly refreshing and light) and the Coconut and Roasted Bell Pepper soup (smooth and flavorful). "I wonder how much of the stuff in the Goodwill across the street is made in Taiwan..."I greatly preferred the Chutney Masala Dosa to the buckwheat-based, Rava Masala Dosa. Much smoother. Honestly, though, I didn't really taste anything but potatoes inside. Oh, well. "That one dips in brown sauce before white sauce seems to represent the social inequities of race... The hostess is pretteh..."Perhaps most fantastic was the Chicken "Dumm" Biryani - Savory organic chicken falling off the bone on a perfectly seasoned bed of basmanti rice with chilies, onion, garlic, ginger and spices. "Ginger tastes like the word "zing!" Whee..."If you're still coherent after that oral stimulus package, the Toasted Coconut and Saffron Barfi will seal the deal... and you'll be left dumbfounded and smiling with your belt buckle broken and your finger up for the check."Food in mouth... good..."
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2009,1/9/2010,315,242,24,24,26>Okay, I'll give you the bottom line first, because let's face it, we're all looking for shortcuts.  I'm a student, I know.***Bottom line: I started the evening in a suck-ass mood, seriously wanting to shoot myself...and ended the evening *happily* eating monkfish liver for the first time.***That's it.  You don't have to read any further, because it'll just get more boring, and I've had a run of long reviews lately.  But if you insist....--------------------------------------------------­--------------------Yesterday was my last day of rotation #9 (yay, me) and my most annoying Caucasian brother (his words, not mine) was in town.  Because I did not have any more assignments to do, nor did I have to wake up this morning at the butt crack of dawn, I wholeheartedly and enthusiastically agreed to meet him in the city for dinner.  However, this involved getting to the city from Napa at rush hour - I kept hitting stupid traffic...bay bridge traffic started way back in El Cerrito...and then again at the Octavia St exit.  And then when I *finally* made it to Hayes Valley, there was no parking AND stupid-ass drivers kept blocking the roads.  To top it all off, I had drunk a gallon of coffee at work, and didn't pee before I left Napa.  This equaled a miserable Kerrie L.After I *finally* found parking, my friend, his friend, and I went into Domo...where a table for three was miraculously waiting for us.  (I made a bee-line for the bathroom, which was nice, by the way.)  So...apparently, we're all pretty loquacious, which meant we weren't in a big hurry to look at the menu.  We pretty much made our decisions while the server was there, taking a little more of their time than they had wanted, I'm sure.  So - their patience was a high point.When I finally got around to looking at the menu, my first thought was, "JIVE ASS."  Firecracker Balls, Spicy Hulk, Sexy Mama???  What would Nobu think? :(  I told my companions that I could go for anything...anything except uni and monkfish liver.  Because...well...EW.But as the night went on, and I drank more sake, I learned to accept the jive ass...even encouraging another order of the Fish Tacos.  Everything was fresh, flavors were strong, and of course, the presentation was very nice.  Finally, one of us dropped out and said he was done, but being the troopers we were, the "bro" and I decided to go for one last dish.  And because I was in such a great mood, I agreed to try an order of UNI and MONKFISH LIVER (you pick two items from the "small crudos" section of the menu).  I did it, I loved it, and now you can't say I'm not adventurous.Such a perfect way to start my 2-MONTH vacation. :D
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2014,5/22/2014,558,227,12,17,16>Do you like pig? I (like pretty much everyone else in this world [even the vegetarians...don't lie to me...]) love pig, in all of its forms (grilled, smoked, cured, ground into sausage...). How about pie? I'm damn near Toby Zieglerish in my adoration of pie (and my misanthropy, but I digress). Pig & Pie? Before walking into the restaurant I had to apologize to my arteries for a majestic onslaught of cholesterol they were about to experience.Strangely enough, it was neither the pig nor the pie which sold me on the Pig & Pie experience, but the Beef & Beer (please, someone make that into a restaurant right now and open it down the street from my home [or in my living room, I promise that I wouldn't charge rent]). The "Beef Tongue and Maple Bacon Sandwich" was a clear winner, with meltingly tender tongue, crisp bacon, and a fantastic tart relish coming together with a touch of horseradish atop a biscuit-like, egg washed, flakey bun. Walking the line of tart, juicy, crunchy and spicy? Yep, that'll do it for me.The burger was pretty superb as well. A Challah-like bun crowned with a gentle dusting of sesame seeds and another effective application of egg washing effectively stood up to some delectably rich, coarsely ground (and wicked juicy) beef, slightly sweet onion Jam, and crisp bacon (no extra charge). I'm not going to say it was my burger of the month, but it was certainly a damn fine specimen.However, their take on Poutine didn't quite come together. Although I adored the inclusion of pickled onion relish, a too-thick sausage gravy buried the cheese curds and wilted their otherwise wonderfully crispy french fries. Next time I'll just buy another beer or two.Speaking of beer, these guys have a pretty good (and reasonably priced) selection. If you want a pitcher (and why wouldn't you?), it'll set you back 18$ across the board. You want a pitcher of Brother David's Tripel at 10% ABV (and a wicked hangover the next day)? 18$. How about some of Pacific Brew Lab's intriguing (and rare) hibiscus-infused Nautilus? 18$. A high gravity Imperial IPA (no brewery listed)? 18$. Miller High Life (which I sort of secretly enjoy on a hot day)? 18$. Its the sort of place that encourages you to go big (in terms ABV), and then stumble home. I can dig it.Overall: 4.5 Stars. While the poutine was disappointing, everything else was pretty exceptional.Extras:Near the Mission Corridor Bus Lines, 48-Quintara/24th Street, 12-Folsom/Pacific, 9&9L-San Bruno, and BART (24th Street Station).Window seating (and awesome people-watching) available.Check out that awesome Discolandia Sign!Try some of their house-made Beer Mustard, I promise you won't be disappointed.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,5/21/2014,2145,704,20,32,23>From experiences, Wed or Thu are the best nights as it's not too crowded (that would be Fri-Sat when it is crazy packed), and not too empty (Sun-Mon when it is sparse and quiet). Still, highly suggest making reservations if possible.Note they are starting new "event" nights (Sunday night movies or the Mad Men season premiere, and Monday oysters HH (novelasf.com/stirred-sha…)).My go-to cocktail lounge as it is a good, roomy meeting up place. Lots of chairs/sofas and tables. The location is near work, yeah so fifth star. But, Novela is also easy to find, is near parking lots (drink responsibly, yo), and is near all types of mass transits. Note there are many bars nearby if want to switch away from here too - like when the place is crowded.The cocktails are seasonal and the menu changes in the Spring and late Fall. Drinks are pricey but tasty (creepers if don't watch out and pace yourself) and you'll find something you should like based on your choice of alcohol preference. And something stronger is the Hemingway's Punch which uses 3 whiskeys. Other punches I liked are the gin or tequila base though those don't seem as strong. If enough people, get a pitcher as that's the best bang for your buck (with ice it's 8-12 pours). You can also get as a flight of three or just a glass.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,5/20/2014,454,181,12,20,13>What's not to like about this place?! They book the best comedies and "make you" order at least two drinks. I've come here many times and have never had a bad experience. All of the waiters are extremely nice and the people that greet you and take you to your seats are awesome. I came here on Saturday night for the Chris D'Elia show. First of all, he was hilarious and I highly recommend everyone to see him the next time he's in the city. The show was sold out (duh) and the line was insane. I thought we would have to wait for hour to get in, but the staff did a great job at getting everyone in and seated quickly! If you're looking for a fun date night or a girls night, come watch a show at cobb's! You won't be disappointed.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2014,5/19/2014,246,947,7,15,12>OMG... this place is too cute!!! Just came back from a quick morning coffee run with the coworker and at this moment... so glad that they moved around the corner from our building! Ambiance: modern decor... spacious... airy... Staff: friendly (might have been a little too wired from all the chocolate and the awesome coffee) but definitely excited and friendly! First sip of my soco-latte (I think that's the name...) "wow!" was my first word! Talk about chocolate goodness and it was made just right (temperature wise...)They sell chocolates (truffles) and pastries... which we didn't get since we were tight on time... but will definitely check them out for any last minute gifts needed ... and oh hey... VDAY is this Friday... well worth checking out lovebirds!Definitely will be my go-to coffee spot!!!
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,5/18/2014,247,1074,9,12,12>I like Burma Superstar. Holds true to its reputation. It's good and prides itself in Burmese & Chinese food.The tea leaf salad is good but I personally do prefer Pagan's. They also have a plethora of other dishes bursting with flavor. Several curries and was surprised to find plenty of Chinese-influenced dishes here as well.They have lunch specials which are slightly cheaper ($1-$2 bucks off per entree)  than dinner prices; they offer some of their curries in the lunch specials served smaller portioned along with a scoop of rice.Staff was wonderful and friendly. Burma Superstar is really what you make of it- you can go as authentic as you'd like, but if you want to restrict yourself, you can also make it a more fusion experience if you select some of the other dishes that aren't authentic-Burmese.Ambiance is clean and cozy.  Good for parties of 2 or 4. I believe there's maybe 1-2 bigger tables.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,5/17/2014,352,744,7,16,13>If there's a place to do omakase, it is here. It was so hard to get a reservation during a normal dinner hour! Book early. We came and sat at the sushi bar and had the omakase. Try out one of their barley Sochus, they're like a smoother, lighter whiskey. I'm no sushi expert, but I'll tell you what we had, much of it came with green tea salt which was heavenly. -Kakushigura: Barley sochu-Nanban Zuke: Fried fish in vinegar with onion -Cucumber Salad: Raw cucumber with sesame & peanut dressing-Kampachi Kama: Yellowtail-Maguro: Bluefin tuna-Kisu-Tai-Inada-Aji-Shima Aji-Hotategai-Umi Masu-Shiro ToroThe sushi chefs were very nice & talkative and wanted to explain and share with us what we were eating.For the above + a beer and two glasses of wine we paid $156 total. Not bad.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/1/2014,5/16/2014,1280,239,14,22,17>I just came back from Hanoi, Vietnam - the birthplace of Pho and this is what i can tell you. I now realize there is a difference from American style and authentic style pho. American style pho has a lot more sodium and they normally add a lot more of just everything, while authentic style pho is more about natural made broth, meat and top with green onions. There were a lot of places that tasted a lot like turtle tower, but one of the best places in Hanoi tasted a lot better than this place. Turtle tower is authentic, but average when compared to ones in Hanoi. Since other places in SF are non authentic styles i can't compare it to turtle tower since they are almost completely different taste. I guess i like the non authentic style if I'm in America, but Pho 10 when I'm in Vietnam.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2014,5/15/2014,932,279,66,72,69>Got me feelin' that droolin' type a way.To my fellow reviewers, you hath not failed me! Tried a variety of cookies. Here's the list:Cookies and cream - reminded me of oreos. Ah my childhood.Toffee chocolate - this. Is. My. Favorite. Urgh. Sweet toffee, crunchy chocolate. Heaven.Oatmeal walnut chocolate chip - oatmeal tastes way better with some sweetness, so kudos to the chocolate walnuts.Oatmeal raisin cookies. - basic oatmeal raisin, but the cookie itself is really yummy and crunchy, which I prefer over the soft cookies.Each cookie is $1.25, which might seem a bit expensive, especially for the oatmeal cookies since they're smaller than the others, but the tastes definitely makes up for it.Definitely worth coming back to. The workers are nice, and they accept card, with a $5.00 minimum. They sell drinks too, which i hope to try the next time I come back.Funna turn me into the cookie monster whydontcha, Anthony.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,5/14/2014,207,200,9,16,11>Probably my favorite brunch place in SF, and it's right across from Washington Square Park so you can lie in the grass and food coma afterwards. Or go to one of the many coffee shops and stores nearby! Grapefruit Brûlée ($7): totally unexpected! I thought it would be grapefruit creme brûlée, but they were 4 slices of warm grapefruit with a crispy caramel glaze. Yummy! Banana Coconut Fritters ($9): these were good, but really heavy and there were a lot. If you plan on getting a big entree, make sure you have more than just 1 person to share these with!Oatmeal Walnut Raisin Pancakes ($12): these usually come in a set of 3, but we only wanted one pancake and they let us! Unfortunately we couldn't just order one French toast. This pancake was super soft, moist, and delicious. Three Nut Butters ($9): this appetizer is also heavy. It comes with 4 big pieces of thick bread and pecan, walnut, almond butter, and honey. So yeah you can probably imagine how heavy that is. But all the butters were really good!Crispy Polenta Cakes ($17): these weren't as good as I thought they would be. I am a huge polenta fan and this came with a lot of things I like - poached eggs, arugula, and mushrooms. It was a very light, clean dish, but just not as flavorful as I'd hoped and I was just expecting the savory creaminess of liquid polenta.Smoked Salmon Benedict ($17): this is my favorite item so far! I am also on this crazy sushi craze phase, but the salmon is really great and the poached eggs, capers, horseradish sauce, etc make it taste fantastic. It's a light dish, and I hate wasabi but I don't taste the horseradish at all. Warm Open-Faced Deviled Egg Sandwich ($14): this one is pretty heavy. The portions are big and has bacon, a chicken breast, eggs, cheese melted on top, and fries on the side. A bit much for me for brunch, but it's great if you're starving or are skipping appetizers! The fries are fantastic.PT Bloody Mary ($11): I am a huge Bloody Mary fan and this one is fantastic! Great peppery kick (I love black pepper), topped with some beef jerky and some other pickled veggie I don't remember.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2013,5/13/2014,363,329,17,20,18>If I haven't mentioned it before, I seriously love my 'HOod!"Chile Pies is one of the many reasons why my hood rocks..I've been to Chile Pies a few times, and my most recent trip I finally decided to order a savory pie. I was craving chicken, so decided on the chicken pot pie. Friendly staffer warned me that it would take about 10-15 minutes, and had no problem waiting. I perused the many selections of savory and sweet pies and 3 Twins Ice cream area. Chile PIes has a nice selection of beer (some organic) as well as the Five Mountains tea (get the jasmine green). My chicken pot pie was piping hot and served with a side salad. Flaky buttery crust and excellent chicken filling and ample amount of veggies. Green sauce was a bit spicy for me, but thankfully it was served on the side. Also ordered the Frito Pie, with pinto beans, red chile, pico, lettuce, and cream and added ground beef! Loved the presentation with the open bag of frito chips, and was hearty and delish.I'll be back to try the savory Chicken pozole and sweet apple pies.Cheers my dears! Go out and make it a pie day!
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/22/2006,11/21/2006,222,202,6,10,6>I've now been here twice (most recently to see my buddy's band play), and I have to say that I like this place, despite a few shortcomings - It sucks that the bathroom doesn't have a lock (although it is quite roomy) and the layout of the ground floor is not ideal for checking out bands.The balcony, however, goes a long way towards making up for the poor floor layout, as you can get a great view of the band (provided you're closer to the stage). On the most recent night I went I was able to get a spot on the balcony that was real close to the stage, and this vantage point allowed me to see all of the musicians, not just the frontmen.The staff here is really cool, and the cover charge and drinks were fair...definitely a place I'd check out again. From looking at their upcoming shows, it seems that they're the venue of choice for (slightly) washed-up 80s and 90s acts...maybe some of my faves will one day play here!
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2006,11/19/2006,333,230,30,11,27>Every so-often you just need to round up your chicks and "exhale" in a boyfree atmosphere. This charming Tea House provided the backdrop for the 1st official yelpchick  monthly gabfest. Too cute for words as we giggled, gossiped, shared pots of delicious teas and gobbled rich dense brownies and savory crust less tea sandwiches with our pinkie fingers in the air. We totally played the part in our  girlie dresses and fake pearls. Because no matter how S**tfaced you get at friday HH's, no matter how many boys you out-drink or out-burp , or no matter how many haters talked about you "booty danc'n" on the bar at that elite event your still a f**k'n lady. . .
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2006,11/18/2006,207,336,17,7,8>Where are all the groceries?  This is more like a cafeteria if you ask me.  And why is it at a mall?  Anyway, I love paying for great overpriced things.  It makes me feel like a Park Avenue princess.  Thanks Bristol Farms for making my dreams come true.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2006,11/17/2006,111,91,47,14,20>I'm going to tell you a story. Sit down, grab a drink.Years ago, I met this guy at Popscene at 330 Ritch. I mean YEARS ago. He was tall, rather good looking and a bit on the shady side but I found it attractive. I should have been frightened when he talked about his tendency to break into morgues and anatomy labs to study cadavers, but somehow I found it charming. I regretted not making out with him in an alley way behind the club. He gave a friend of mine a lift to a train station later. My friend told me the guy drove like a lunatic, spun donuts, ripped off a door handle in anger and pretty much put a fear of god, devil and all in between into my friend.Cut to some weeks or months later. And there I am again, at 330 Ritch. Lo and behold, my strange stranger walks in. Looking a bit worse for the wear. He approaches me and squeezes me in a tight hug. He tells me he's high on shrooms and speed, and he's also drunk. He has a pirate skull pinned to the lapel of his jacket and he makes it talk. He says Satan loves me. He speaks German incoherencies to me and asks if he can kiss me and tries to stick his hand up my shirt. I politely decline and run away. Some time later, I find him bleeding in the parking lot because he apparently pissed off some "skinheads" and they stomped at his head with their boots. The bouncers call the police, while the guy curses at me for interfering and shouts "MEIN BLUT! MEIN BLUT!" I feel very shitty about the whole thing, somehow, like I betrayed him.How does this all connect to anything? Well, after about five minutes of chaos, I walk back into the club, hear some Smiths or Stone Roses or something, and lose myself to dancing. All my concerns wash away as I am engulfed in the familiarity of the club, surrounded by warm drunk bodies.It takes a special place to make a girl forget that she was this close to making out with a crazy drugged out demon worshipping cadaver stealing pirate obsessed Skinhead provoking hipster, and chances are, she probably would have been hacked up into little pieces and stuffed into little plastic bags if she went somewhere alone with him. Why didn't she? Because she didn't want to miss her favorite song playing.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2006,11/16/2006,327,308,42,15,18>I'm normally opposed to public cell phone conversations. I don't like to have them, I get embarrassed when I'm with people who have them, I give death looks to people who are having them. The one exception I make is when I'm shopping at Cal-Mart and a member of my family calls. Some of the people who shop at Cal-Mart have a giant stick up their asses, so it's fun to repeat (very loudly) what the person on the other end of the phone has just said to me."Really? He died in bed watching a dirty movie? How do you know the movie was on repeat?""So, does Betsy really still think she can heal people? And is she still  walking up to people in restaurants and telling them about the worms in their colons? She really got in a bar fight? Isn't she in her 60s?""Well, that's nice of you to want to set me up with him, but I'm not so sure my mom wants me dating a guy who is on house arrest. Yes, yes, I understand he didn't murder anybody, but somehow I don't think my mom would see gun running and book making as respectable occupations. OK, Aunt XXXXXX, I love you too."So that's fun. Cal-Mart is NOT cheap. But they have a decent selection. You probably don't want to stock up on pasta or other basics here, but it's good for produce, bread (they carry ACME bread), eggs, flowers and some fancier ingredients like rose water, good quality chocolate, and all sorts of oils. The people who work here are really nice, even though a good portion of the people who shop here are pretty fucking annoying.I wrote a separate review for the butcher, Antonelli's yelp.com/biz/jolx5JTv6TQ…
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2006,11/15/2006,240,172,20,7,14>yyyuuuuuuummmmm.  Fatty McFatt Dogg.  I just tore apart a Willy Nilly Chilly Dog (chili cheese dog in layman's terms).  So satisfying.  The Hot Link is bomb straight up!Sometimes I'll sit at my desk at work and dream about a Chili Cheese dog sitting next to me with a little top hat on, he's usually humming White Snake or Mr. Big.  Then I know it's a Fatt Dog day and I'll walk my hot dog lovin' ass down the block to Fatt Dogg and when no one's looking I'll whisper my sexy order gently into the cashiers ear, eyes darting left to right to ensure no hot vegan guys are around.... wait that's an oxymoron.... so I order and await my dog in hot, sweaty anticipation.  Receive order. Sprint back to office. Devour.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2006,11/14/2006,1258,548,233,52,78>KRISTINA R'S FIRST EVER UNCENSORED REVIEW!  (BIG WARNING:  This review is rated R.  It contains an obscene amount of profanity...and probably a lot of poor grammar.)The fact of the matter is, I never used to cuss.  I was a non-swearing, angelic, innocent, naive, late-blooming soul with the heart of a kitten.  Shut up.  It's true.But the first inkling of my turn to the dark side was a decade ago, when I started using the word "shit."   Oh SHIT.  That SHIT is cool.  What a SHIT head.  Bull SHIT!  SHITE.It worked for me, because it got the point across without it being a Def Con 1 swear word.  I was more of a Def Con 5 person...normal peacetime readiness.Then one day, I said the word "fuck."  And when I did, the reaction was not at all what I expected."AWWW, how CUTE!"  My friends cooed, "Kristina said the word FUCK!  And it was so ADORABLE."Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck...I said FUCK and everyone reacted like I was a baby duck.  CUTE.  ADORABLE.  The "F" word had failed me.  I was too CUTE to be adequately shocking.  But then, years later, I had mastered the word "fuck" and had grown out of my cute phase into maturity.  I was still hesitant to cuss, however, having been brought up by a 1st generation Korean mother.  If you have one of them, you know what kind of Guantanamo Bay abuses I'm alluding to.A couple of days ago I walked into the BCBG store to check out their cool, hip, non-teacher-esque clothing.  The sales lady was extremely personable and quickly gave me a changing room.  I was trying on a dress with one of those infernal six inch long zippers up the side and under the armpit.  I decided to approach the dress by entering from under the skirt, which was a-line and had plenty of moving room.  I put my arms up through the dress, and got them firmly wedged into the waist-line of the garment, which was starting to strain under the pressure of my grunting and pushing.The sweet young girl called out, "Are you ok in there?  Can I get you anything?""NO.  I'm peachy!  Thanks!"  My voice cracked like Peter Brady when I replied.Things took a turn for the worse when I tried to push my head through.  It was like giving birth.  I was peeking through the top of the dress, looking for a small sign of light from above.  But to no avail.  I was trapped in the darkness of a skinny-ass dress.  My delusions of grandeur had gotten me to try on something that was two sizes too small...and my ego was paying for it now.I imagined the sales girl walking in to check on me at any moment, and what exactly she'd see, which was basically two hairy, unshaven legs, a pair of questionably worn pink undies, my blinding white poochie stomach, and the dress in a free standing position with ten frantically wiggling fingers sticking out of the neck opening.  It was like envisioning a huge human sausage trapped in a designer frock.  HUMILIATION ABOUND!  NOOOO!!Panicking, I started to move like I was breaking out of a cocoon.  I had hastily decided to go in reverse and try to get OUT of the dress instead of into it and I was starting to sweat profusely because of my strained effort.  Nothing moved.  I was seriously wedged into that mini-dress."HEEELP!"  I started to cry.  "HEEEELLLP ME! SOMEBODY?  HELLLOOO?  AAARGGGH!!  IT'S STARTING TO TEAR!  IT'S TEARING!!"My arms were starting to cramp and felt like they were dislocating as I yelled, "ANYONE OUT THERE?  I NEED SOME SERIOUS AID, HERE, SALES GIRL PERSON!"  No one answered my call.  There was no noise, no movement, nothing.  I was alone, stuck in a dress in a changing room at a store in a mall.  My life at that very moment SUCKED BALLS.Squishy, shove...grunt, push...strain, wiggle.  "HEEELLLP!  HEEELLLP! Oh my GOD!!"  The frustration was too much, and I was on the verge of passing out from the exertion.  My last words were, "MOTHERFUCKING SON OF A BITCH GODDAMN BULLSHIT FUCKING SIZE FOUR WHORE DRESS FROM HELL!  GET THE FUCK OFF OF MEEEE!"  Woot woot woot!  DEF-CON ONE ALERT!  DEF-CON ONE!The door swung open with a jolt.  I felt the rush of air as the sales girl entered my room...and then, the dreaded five second pause of shame."Um.  Hi."  I said in my calmest voice, which was muffled inside my fashion victim prison.  I wiggled a friendly finger at her.There were no words after that.  The sales lady grabbed the top of the dress and dislodged me.  I couldn't make eye contact with her.  It was unbearable.  And she definitely did NOT think I was cute when I swore.  I couldn't stand the embarrassment and guilt.I bought the fucking dress.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2006,11/13/2006,296,490,16,12,14>My true fondness for Cafe Greco dates back a few years to the utterly unforgettable Columbus Day when I was propositioned by an Italian gigolo.  Once you have had that experience, you can never go back.  Trust me.Based on the pleasant giggly feeling I get every time I pass (hee hee, that's where the pretty boy with the gorgeous doe eyes tried to get me to take him back to my hotel room), I have been to Cafe Greco on multiple occasions.  I love the wall of glass that they open in the summer, the decadent treats, the Americanos (oh yeah - wonderful!!), the people watching.  If you don't know what you want when you get to the front of the line, and you don't have a pretty smile, the servers give you dirty looks - but I still like it here.  The seats are so-so, the place gets incredibly crowded with out-of-towners from Topeka and the bathroom is a joke - but I still come here.  There's just something about the italian/north beach coffee house.  Damn, I love this city!
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2006,11/12/2006,376,326,37,13,24>In honor of its Japaneseyness, i shall compose a few haikus about our evening.We walk in. Seems closed.Seated immediately.First ones to be served.So we sit down, and being almost apelike, im attracted to big shiny things, so the first thing i notice is this monster plasma screen showing people singing karaoke from next door at the Mint.Girl is out of tune.Pat Benetar should be mad."Beer please, my ears hurt!"So we have a few BIG Japanese beers, and this huge crowd of people come in. Since i dont know who they were, i will catagorize them as English spice merchants. Our waiter sees us struggling over the menu and encourages us to order fast so we dont have to wait.I cannot decide.Spider roll or dragon roll?Maybe one more beer?So i plug down another BIG beer and we all order. Im feeling as lovely as fine silk on a wrist right about now...needing food. And irritable.Now they sing Stray Cats?Were not drunk enough for this."Sake please, good Sir".Our food finally comes with another round of BIG beers and sake. We mention in a very buzzed state that sushi be some sexy food, and then someone said somerthing about Uma Thurman and i thought they meant she came in, so i whipped my head around to the door.No Uma at door.I think im hearing things now.Beer will kill that crap.So we finish a King's Feast of sushi and at this point, EVERYONE is convinced we are going to go over and sing karaoke. Except me...im a little TOO loaded to deal, so i start doing the uinthinkable.Wasabe still there.Dip finger in and eat. Joy!Buzz in back of skull.I do this, because its there, and im a grazer. They called me Cowwy HorseGoat because i graze so much. I also do this, because i dont know any better, and i cannot be trusted. The Wasabe is beginning to take effect.Mouth full of beetles.Waiter morphs into HorseGoat.I smell like cartoons.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2006,11/11/2006,0,0,40,21,18>Oh man... I got a sexy new haircut today. I go to Monica at Zip Zap. She understands me when I tell her I want a "Dirty-Ass JBF Agent Mulder With a Beard Meets Fat Elvis With a Mullet." She told me today that it's fun to cut my hair. That's what I'm here for. She cuts my hair dry, which I like because it really makes the haircut tight right out of the box. Like, a lot of the time it takes a couple days to grow into the haircut; that's not the case here. You don't walk out looking like you "just got a haircut." In fact, I don't even have to comb my hair anymore, I simply wake up and go. These haircuts are THAT GOOD. I don't know what she did exactly, but she said she was "shattering it out." And, she told me I can come in for free touch-up snips between now and my next actual haircut if it gets too long on top. Owl gets the $6 Mexican haircut on 24th Street, and they make him look like a chode for two months. I'm looking at his hair right now, in fact, and I'm actually laughing aloud at how chode it looks.But damn, mine looks pimp as fuck. I'd bang me. Totally.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2008,4/27/2008,274,1482,53,42,41>So I had a blind date with a gay man last night. No no, you're not going crazy. I really did say I had a blind date with a gay man. And boy oh boy was he hot. Like one of the hottest men (gay or straight) that I have ever met. Oh yes. I'm going on too long about my blind date huh? Ok, moving on... I come in and I am politely greeted. My really hot date hasn't arrived yet, so I grab a spot at the bar and sip my Anchor Steam while I wait for my aforementioned hot date. Let's play a game ok? You the reader and me the writer. Let's see how many times I mention my really hot gay blind date.So I'm drinking my beer and chatting with the bartender. He recently also relocated from NYC, so we chatted about the differences between the two cities and had a laugh. And in walks my really hot date. Before my really hot date arrived though, along with chatting with the bartender, I enjoyed the live music being pumped out of the baby grand piano by the handsome, smiling piano player. So me and my really hot date are seated and since he knows this place really well (*cough* he's one of the managers *cough*), I let him do all of the ordering. One thing he mentions is that Zuni Cafe is basically the epitome of California dining. Everything on the menu is locally grown, raised, bred, sold, whatever you want to call it. And almost everything on the menu is organic. Another highlight of the Zuni Cafe menu is that it changes D-A-I-L-Y, except for the roasted chicken, which is an every day feature on the menu. To start me and my hot date had:Crostini with duck sugo and wild mushrooms - I am a new found lover of duck, thanks to Ad Hoc's Easter Brunch, and this duck was no exception. It was GREAT! Flavorful, a little salty, nice crunch to the crostini. Just yummmmmy... Asparagus with toasted breadcrumbs salsa, chervil and hard cooked egg - The breadcrumb salsa was tangy and had a nice bite to it. The asparagus was lightly cooked, so it was soft, yet still had quite a bit of crunch.Polenta with parmesan - I grew up in the south where grits was part of my daily menu. I heard that polenta is slightly different, but overall, the closest thing to grits. To me, polenta tastes exactly like grits. I like the parmesan in this dish. Gave it a nice salty flavor. Whole wheat spaghetti with puntarelle, garlic, capers, red onions and hot pepper - Seriously, this dish was fuckin awesome! I love capers and until last night, I didn't realize how much I missed eating them. I've never been a big fan of whole wheat pasta, but with all these tangy and spicy spices, this pasta did packed a lot of flavor. (The menu item actually contained tuna confit, but me and my hot date asked to leave off the tuna due to my allergy to fish)For the main course:Chicken for two: Brick oven roasted chicken that comes with a warm bread salad with scallions, currants and pine nuts. This dish is roasted fresh and individually, so no over cooked chicken here. This was by far, the best chicken dish that I have ever had, outside of my very own kitchen. It's easy to see why this is an every day menu item. For wine, me and my hot date had a slightly chilled Grenache blend from Domaine La Milliere in France. Fragrant, a little spicy and beefy and actually really good with chicken. This meal was perfection thanks to my really hot date. ;)
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2008,4/26/2008,399,1188,12,29,29>I've never really seen the city hall of any other big city, so although San Francisco's seems awfully large and strangely familiar, I figure that must be the norm, right?  Well, not exactly.  Turns out the dome is the fifth largest in the world, even bigger than the United States Capitol (you'd think that would be illegal or something, and it is--for state capitols.  Poor poor congress, always leaving loopholes.  Well, serves em right.)  Oh, and if you're wondering what the dome reminds you of (and you've been to Paris), look back at your photos of Les Invalides.  Uncanny, n'est pas?No, I didn't do any painstaking research on City Hall, I simply took one of the fascinating free guided tours.  They go every weekday at 10, 12, and 2, and run about an hour.  For architecture or history buffs, I can't recommend them highly enough.  For instance, did you know that this city hall is twice as big as the first one, cost half as much, was built 10 times faster, and has lasted 30 times longer?  Even if you can't skip work for a tour, at least walk through the building sometime.  Maybe you can even drop in on a town hall meeting in the board of supervisors' room.  (They were having a heated debate over something to do with taxis while I was there).Oh, and did you know you can vote here before election day?  Not much use for tomorrow's election, I know, but next time...
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2008,4/25/2008,676,1583,26,36,35>So.. 5 years ago I got the worst haircut of my life and the tears would not stop streaming.After that traumatic incident, I vowed that I would never cut my hair more than half an inch or an inch at a time. Fast forward to now and as my hair grew past my boobies, my neck couldn't take it anymore. I have A LOT of hair, i'm talkin like.. I can't put my hair up in a ponytail unless i use 2 hair ties and even then it becomes loose. I know some of you ladies feel my pain... It would take me nearly an hour to blowdry all my hair, and it never curled.SO ANYWAY. I did my Yelp research and wanted to go somewhere that WAS NOT a $12 HK "salon" , yet I needed a place that would be able to handle my ultra straight Asian hair and the fact that I had a TON of it.Vicky Shen, owner and senior stylist of Wicked Salon, thank you for my new do. It has changed my life. I take shorter showers because I don't need as much time to shampoo and condition, blowdrying my hair is done within 5-10 minutes and my neck is SO MUCH LIGHTER. Vicky took a look at what I wanted, considered my face, my amount of hair, and let me know what would work and how she would have to do it. She WAS NOT pushy at all...And for the record: I have never been one of those ladies who are able to yack away to their hair dressers and make small talk, i'm terrible at it. I usually sit there in stone cold silence. I felt at ease with Vicky and although I was not as talkative as the other clients, I still managed to muster up a decent conversation. disclaimer: my appointment was at 10am and I had gotten home at 3:30am. HahahahaThank you Vicky, i'll definitely be back.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2007,4/24/2008,292,153,20,24,30>I was lucky enough to meet Phil the first week of their opening in SoMa.  Phil saw me sitting empty handed and brought me a lovely iced tea.  I would never normally order this because I find iced tea to bitter and plain, but this was heavenly just like their low acidity coffee.  I'm a big fan of their So Good Sumatra blend and keep their grounds revolving through my coffee maker for my morning high.  Their shop is also the perfect place to study with ample tables, sofas, and wifi.So, back to Phil.  After he brought me my complimentary iced tea.  I asked him where he was from, a question inspired by his foreign accent.  He responded, "I'm from the US".  I said, "But, where are you from originally?" and right after he answered the question he was avoiding, the meter maid rolled by and ticketed his mercedes clearly parked in a "never park here" zone.  Seeing Phil go from business-man to normal indignant San Franciscan: priceless.  Phil and Philz coffee are a local gem!
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2008,4/23/2008,148,270,22,16,20>My Grampa Don used to say "Zowie" whenever a cute chick entered or left a room. For particular emphasis he'd make a double six-gun with his index fingers and/or do some schticky cartoon wolf thing with his wide set peepers. I'm about five minutes slicker then my beloved Grampa Don so I kept my Zowies holstered (if not loaded) while in diPietro Todd, but suffice to say he'd have shot the place full of corn with all the united colors of pretty up in there. Also, woof.Anyhow, I'm reviewing the stylage of one singular Amy at dPT's, not my late and much-missed Grampa's lax, though never retiring, game. I felt at ease in her chair directly as I could see on her work station a rear head shot of some classy silver fox of a dude, his hair a sweeping Big Wednesday of gray on top. To myself I thought it looked like the back of the great man David Lynch's own rock solid barnet. Turns out, halfway through the cut I'm yapping about Wong Kar-Wei or somesuch snobby film director and she reveals the photo to be un serie de trois headshots of Dave Lynch none other! Hair thick as a brick redundancy. To myself again I think, "Stop making me love you Amy. It's showy and you had me at hot girl with tattooed six-guns". (Beat it Grampa Don!)Since I was getting the test-head discount rate, the uber-qualified Amy was supervised by an instructor, Dawn. Dawn wore smooth glasses, her hair in a cool 60s...um, I would probably say "bob" but I quickly learned that diPietro Todd is like the NASA of hairstylist geeks. So her hairstyle probably had a way more complicated name and I'm a buck-toothed hick for even having "bob" as my go-to. They've got a different word for every shade of beige and trying to grok it all is like explaining Linux to Early Man. In re-conning my mass of cowlicks and stubborn, willful waves it was decided they'd give me an I Dunno. There was a word for it and I heard it twice but I think it might've been Dutch. Possibly Catalan. Anyhow Dawn said it was "a little bit Rockabilly" which again put me at ease. To myself I thought "Not run y'alls 'fangers' through my icky, grimy, buttered up locks-Rockabilly", but rather just a classic dab of Rockabilly. Nice. Anyhow, I'd had these crash-test haircuts before at Sassoon where the earnest skater kid stylist from Japan who had his own fair skillset was continually hectored in front of my dome, most disrespectfully. The kind of "don't wash the dishes unless dirty" or "cook the pizza just until it's done" nano-management advice. Then two hours later I walk out with a somber mind and a perfect do wondering, what was that cow up in my boy Ken's grill about. But Dawn was supportive and constructive. The moment where she said "But you went back to your guide and that's HUGE" to Amy, all atta-boy, I got a little but misty. Pure positives.And my barnet was swaggering! More positives. There've been many lovely compliments, and all about me, which is how I like them. Back in the 80s when we too-much, too-youngsters called hooking up "scamming", the term for my fly new do would've been "scammable". I shit you not.But I digest. Most versatile cut I've had in forever. At Attention, In Repose, Blue State pinko bed-head or Have You Heard The Good News missionary neat-freak, it all looks great. Scammable even. The do was superb, my mood was upbeat. As posh a place as I was in, yet still I was comfortable, un-cranky and fawned over.  Now THAT'S huge. So I'll be back Amy. Possibly in 5 weeks, 4 days, 11 hours. Much love and thanks for getting my wig on.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/31/2008,4/22/2008,454,290,31,21,19>I try not to hate on the Frenchification that's been going down all over town lately.  The food at these places tends to be really good and I am wary of assuming someone is going to be a cheese-breathed jackass based solely on their accent.  I know some really nice froggies.  Probably the ones who choose to move to Cali are not going to fit the stick-up-your-butt, nose-in-the-air, begging-for-my-foot-in-your-ass stereotypes.So let me say this:  I've always had good service at Chez Papa.  Let me also say this:  While the food is very good, I've never felt it was worth the tab.  I'm not a $50 luncher.  And in the spirit of full disclosure, I should mention this:  I think I am still mad at this place for replacing my beloved Daily Scoop.  You're not my real dad, Chez Papa!
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2007,4/21/2008,126,110,19,21,22>I hesitate to write this review.Not because I didn't like the food. I did. I have eaten at Chow's Kitchen twice now and both times the food was excellent - five stars really. That is, when I finally got it.That brings us to the hesitancy. I felt I might want to wait a few weeks to write the review to give them some time to get acclimated to running a restaurant before they are swamped by crazy Yelpers ordering salt and pepper chicken without the salt and pepper or some other craziness. But, in my yelpish desire to be the first to review, here it is:Its kind of like the Keystone Kops over at Chow's Kitchen. A lot of people running around and not seeming to get much done.Today I called for carry-out and the girl on the phone actually asked me to call back - TWICE! I haven't laughed so hard in a while. How much business have they turned away I wonder?The food is great, though - well prepared, well presented and well priced.Check it out - but cut them some slack.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/25/2007,4/20/2008,694,567,20,27,29>Cheap-o-Sushi! Cheap-o-thrills! Cheap-o-PERIOD!Where can you get dinner especially Sushi C dinner for $7.99? It includes a variety of sushi and a hand-rolled. Be sure to look at the back of the menu. On the top right corner, you'll see wide array of veggie rolls as well as some salmon skin, terriyaki chicken, and avocado roll. Not bad, try the broccoli roll. Be sure to look at their specials and their rolls are the back, don't order any hot rolls, it will burn your MOUTH! $#%^$. Sorry Sushi effening C!If you want cheap sushi, this is the place for you. If you want something better, walk down to Goeman's. Be sure to get their Salmon Skin roll, it's the best Salmon skin roll I had evar!Bring your Nintendo DS, lots of teeny boppers play it here. AJ, let's get one. FYI:Save Albertson's recipe, you get a 20% discount, also get 10% for old receipts within two weeks.Kitaro's is the sister to this restaurant, I think Kitaro's is better.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2008,4/19/2008,315,242,39,37,44>Whenever I would walk by this store, all I could see was the painted Altoid boxes with SF street names in the window.  "Tchotchkes...pish tosh," I would think, with a sniff and a wave of my hand.*But little did I know what magical surprises lay inside.*I just happened upon Mary A's review (yelp.com/biz/chocolate-c…) extolling the virtues of Mo's Bacon Chocolate, and the proprietors of the store, and I had to check it out for myself.  Walking up to the store, I saw the painted boxes ("ooooh, so THIS is the place*).So many different kinds of chocolate!  I couldn't find the bacon bar, so I asked behind the counter.  Apparently this is one of the hot items, as they already had a bar open for sampling (who wouldn't want to try this?).  We left with a bar of Mo's, and four pieces of honeycomb to fuel us on the long hike to the Castro (with that extra little oomph for checking out the daddies at the Bar).The bacon chocolate is yummy (and, I've found, the perfect combo for PMS).  But as I continue to eat it, I'm finding that the chocolate is really just a vehicle for the bacon - it's nice to find out some things about yourself through your candy choices...like the discovery that I actually DO prefer bacon over chocolate!  Now if I want to indulge these cravings, I know I can just get some bacon...or a jar of bits...without having to buy an $8 bar of Mo's.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2007,4/18/2008,410,212,21,33,31>The only reason why I would ever step foot in the Mission district is for Laughing Lotus.  If you don't know already, this charmingly upscale yoga studio is located near the heart of the Mission, so the area and surrounding businesses are pleasant and coming here on the weekends is fairly safe.  In addition to providing awesome services (yoga and astrology readings) by super talented and experienced staff - they offer eco-friendly SIGG bottles (not the Hello Kitty version unfortunately) and organic thermals, t-shirts, and tank tops.  I am a total homebody and rarely like to venture out unless I'm going to a restaurant, but Laughing Lotus makes me feel as if I'm at home.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2008,11/16/2008,450,315,32,24,26>This is the place to take someone you want to sleep with.  Or someone you used to sleep with, or someone who potentially wants to sleep with you... and you want them to.  Something like that.  Anyway, its a sexy joint and there's no point in fudging it when you and your date stroll into the dark, candle-lit room with just enough hipster-dive-funk to keep it from feeling too formal.So you go inside and put your name on the waiting list.  It will be anywhere between 15 minutes to the rest of your life, so maybe its best to get a drink at the nameless Mexican dive bar next door.  Don't worry, their bathroom leads to the bar so they'll let you know when your table is ready.  I'm pretty sure that NMB survives solely on the waiting-in-line crowd for Emmy's.  The spaghetti and meatballs was as good as that plate can get.  But I make a pretty mean tomato sauce at home so forking over $12 for noodles and ground beef is a rare move indeed for Mari C.  One that I only will make for a place named after their pasta dish.  And it was pretty decent.  BUT what was REALLY good were the salads.  I will definitely try to replicate some of their creations at home: tuna ceviche with watermelon and avocado, grilled peaches with heirloom tomatoes and goat cheese... c'mon.  Seriously?  Can you devise a better combination of my favorite summer tasties?So, here is my best recipe:1   Low cut dress30 minute wait next door2   Glasses of wine (to taste)2   Attractive people sitting in a booth1   CandleMarinade for the evening, hope for the best.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2008,11/15/2008,307,514,23,23,25>This place has been through some changes, growing pains (groin pains?) and has suffered a lot of criticism.  To all you critics out there, I ask you . . .Where else can you dance till 4am, leave for donuts, then come back in at 6am & dance like a sugar-crazed maniac as the sun rises?Who else but the DJ's from the Kontrol party (1st Saturdays) can get you to jump and jump and jump from 11pm to 5am after a full day of work?  (Last night's party was certainly with improved hours - 10pm - noon.)How else are you gonna dance all night (even as a single woman alone) and not get harassed by the unwanted attention from slimy guys?What else are you going to do after 2am in a city that shuts down embarrassingly early?$20 cover for long mad hours of dancing?  You bet!Only complaints over the years are 2-fold:1) I do believe it's evil (and unethical) for bars to charge for water - especially where people are dancing so hard for so long.  2) Accidentally showing up on reggae night - my fault for not checking, I know, but god, this is not my beautiful End Up!Lots of friendly people here.  Hook up if you want to, but it's not an expectation, and, more importantly, it's not socially acceptable to pressure/slime on girls here.If you like dancing, and you like to surround yourself with a wide variety of jumping, wriggling people, do come check out this San Francisco tradition.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2008,11/14/2008,448,188,38,40,45>I'm too full to write filler.tortillas- Corn. Good.guacamole- Best ever.jicama salad- Too chunky.  Not enough dressing/juice.queso fundido- Melted cheese + sausage + mushrooms  = nom.mushrooms with garlic- Fantastic.  You must try them.mole shrimp- Shrimp were great.  Mole was too tangy.filet mignon- Small but good.  Tasty mashed potatoes.torta de elote- Corn bread. The sauce tasted bitter/spicy.  There was no other flavor.tres leches cake- Loved it.  Large, rustic crumb.  Not too sweet.I'd come more often if not for the $$$.Sleep now.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2008,11/13/2008,566,414,39,44,49>#200 had to be something special.. something near and dear to me. For those few moments of taste bud bliss as the coffee slides down my throat and the lingering flavor dances on my tongue, I dedicate my 200 to Philz.I've been going to Philz for a while now, but a couple of weeks ago, I ordered with Phil himself.. ZOMG!   :O   *_*  -  BEST Iced Philtered Soul I've had.Coffee is like crack here. I'm cutting down on all other spending, but won't give up this addiction. Philz is the pick-me-up for those days where you wake up all groggy and the first thing you think of is Philz (and when I say 'those days', I mean every day, but unfortunately, I don't live close enough to go every day..). Speaking of which, my soul hasn't been philtered this morning.. :(  'The Ecstactic' iced coffee and Mocha Tesora  are my other favorites. It's hard to find a seat here on Sundays, but we usually manage. Free wifi, and free people-watching.. *fist pump* Philz will get you outta your morning funk and give you some soul. -- I got soul, but I'm not a soldier.. Oh wait.. I guess I am following the crowd with this one though.. 5 sexy, caffeinated stars!
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2008,11/10/2008,113,144,24,21,23>Oh who gives a crap if it's appointment only on weekends?  It's quirky, it's goofy, it's San Francisco, and people are still lined up out the door to buy his damn sandwiches.  Ike, rock on with your bad self.  And, dude, if that's your mom working at the cash register patiently explaining your vegetable options to me - or, hell, even if it's not your mom - you tell her to rock on with her bad self too.  As a non meat (certainly of the "lunch" variety) eater, I have previously been SHUT OUT OF THE SANDWICH KINGDOM, but no more.  Today, I had a vegan meatball sub which, in homage to the one, the only Laura B., can only be described as "12 stages of deliciousness."  Done, and done.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2008,11/9/2008,523,699,35,30,36>I've known since the age of six that my teeth were probably going to commit suicide while in my mouth.  This is because my first dentist used to berate me for three things: 1) being alive, 2) having the audacity to sit in his dentist's chair, and 3) needing fillings and teeth pullings almost every single time I went there.  If there is a man out there who likes chicks with dentist issues, I'm available.  Provided he's hot.So today after I went to the dentist (a nice one this time), and I was told that I would most likely need a root canal (possibly 2) and a new crown (in addition to whatever will cover my root canal), I was a little dazed after I left his office.  Or course, the Xanax that I took to make that visit more enjoyable probably didn't help.I got the bright idea to walk all the way back to the office from the dentist's to calm my nerves, debating who to call because I needed a hug.  Really badly.I used to come to Stacey's often with BATT, and remembered what a comforting feel it exudes.  I also fancy myself to be a writer someday, as you can see by my multiple witty and informative reviews.  Although Stacey's doesn't have as an extensive collection of reading material that I would like (I often browse but not buy), Stacey's gives me the warm fuzzies inside.  The best way I can describe it is cozy.  I have found one of my favorite reads based on a staff pick, and have also already found Christmas presents for 2 of my friends.  If they haven't pissed me off by Christmas.This is a place that I don't go to often enough, but really should.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2008,11/8/2008,287,292,32,23,30>Hey Kennedy.... I really like you. **bats eyes shyly**Why? Cause I'm projecting. I admire your full embracement of your dual personalities. So what if you're an Irish pub and you also serve amazing Indian food? And, I happen to like that you are in North Beach and don't have fist fights every night. Just like I love that I wear makeup and play football, that I am completely tone def but LOVE to sing at the top of my lungs. And just cause I'm white doesn't mean I can't have a huge booty. So you and me Kennedy, we'll get along just fine. **skips away holding hands into the sunset**
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2008,11/7/2008,630,81,32,21,24>I said, "Can you be creative with bourbon, please?" and was handed a martini glass with some combination of bourbon, cucumber, basil, ginger, vermouth, and blood orange juice (I think), and it came with a little extra glass to hold the extra booze that was mixed up (like a milkshake at Sparky's).Best freaking cocktail I've ever had. I don't even LIKE cocktails, not really. But this was amazing.Three drinks later  I was evil-blackout drunk, because there was like thirty shots per glass. Also I woke up drunk. Also also I'm still a little wobbly, and it's THREE PM THE NEXT DAY. Thank god I'm self-employed. There is some question in my mind as to whether I actually paid for my drinks, or if I just left my tab open. I really should follow up on that.----Just got an email from the horrible bastard that gave me cirrhosis of the liver with his devil-based bourbon-magic. He told me the ACTUAL drink ingredients, and that his name is Ronn. So: if you want someone to make your transition from this life into the next a pleasant one, ask for Ronn at The Orbit Room. And pray that you never transition back to this life (it hurts).
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2008,11/6/2008,344,904,45,37,37>My boyfriend is out of town and he is awesome and I miss him and he makes me miss him more by doing things like sending me a gorgeous bouquet of my favorite flowers with a card attached that would melt any girls heart. So, in order to prevent myself from sitting in front of said flowers nonstop and actually admitting that I am capable of swooning and making myself miss him even more I decided that in his absence I would occupy my time by talking nonstop about him to anyone who would listen. I have a very good friend**, who is out of a job to whom I owe about a gazillion dinners (one at French Laundry, which I am trying to get out of with guilt and bartering at any opportunity) because he took good care of me when I was out of a job last year. I figured he is poor and hungry and misses going out to eat so of course he will listen to me babble about my wonderful man. Free booze and food are involved. I also realize that talking about how wonderful your dating life is with a single, unemployed friend comes at a price and it ain't the price of Burger King, so I took him to Namu, which is much classier and hip and intimate and the sort of place where he couldn't scream at me mid-meal to shut up already and storm out in a huff. Plus I even offered him post meal champagne, so he would stick around no matter how swoony I got. It worked, partly because our waitress was cute and attentive, partly because the small plates of Asian fusion dishes were absolutely delicious and simple and complex all wrapped into one, and partly because they were described, repeatedly, as delightful by our cute and attentive waitress. The dishes were a bit pricey for the size, and if you come hungry you could spend a pretty penny filling up here, but it is a wonderful place for a splurge. I think my master plan also worked partly because my friend tuned me out half way through the meal, saying something about how if the champagne clearly wasn't leading to sex he was done listening to me. But I don't care. I was in too good of a mood to give a shit if my dinner companion was not listening to things he didn't want to hear about anyhow. Maybe if I threaten the same sort of behavior over the multi course meal they serve at French Laundry he will suddenly not want to go.**This friend is hot and single and awesome and will be making shitloads of money when he gets off his ass and gets a new job. I am currently pre-screening potential dates for him so PM me if you are a cute, smart successful woman between the ages of 25-35
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2008,11/5/2008,658,727,31,37,36>you know the place is good when there is a long line of hungry people (going out the door!) patiently waiting for their banh mi, as these two ladies take the orders and create these savory and filling sandwiches.went here for the pers tyme. yes. pers tyme.  with berna and we both got the sfecial combo (with the pork and the beef, and the pate, and some other pork).  $3.50 is an awesome price for a huge sandwich that is so satisfying and filling at the same time.  I knew it was going to be special when I saw the simple white deli paper wrapper, reinforced with a single, blue rubberband.  static.px.yelp.com/photo…It was a delightful, little present!  Each sandwich is packed with contrasting yet complementary flavors: the heat from the jalapeno, the sweet n' sourness from the pickled carrots, the savory sweetness from the meats.... so effin' tasty!  It is huge also.  I was so afraid my mouth was too small for the monstrosity of these flavor-packed sandwiches, but I am glad I managed to wrap my mouth around a sizeable portion to take my first bite.  It was nice.  I had to take a moment to breathe since I was getting full already after eating 2/3 of it, but was glad to finish the whole thing.  Finishing up the whole thing was the only proper way of doing it.  It was too good to waste.( | )
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,6/2/2013,340,246,5,11,8>In the past week, I've visited twice, partly because of their current grand opening special for 99-cent bubble milk tea, partly because of their delicious, cheap dim sum offerings. Let's just say that when my mom agrees that a Chinese restaurant is awesome, I'm not one to debate it since she's an excellent cook of Chinese cuisine.I've tried their fried taro dumplings (yu tou jiao) and glutinous dumplings (xian shui jiao), both of which were beautifully fried and had an excellent outer layer that housed the ample filling inside. You can get three of each of those for $1.80. I also tried the fried noodles, half a pound of which set me back $1.The first time I went, it was quite crowded at about 10am on a Tuesday. The layout is a long, rectangular shape as you walk in the door, and with many people browsing the display case, it's not clear who is in line to order and who's just looking around. The second time I went was fairly quiet around 1pm on a Sunday, but a wave of folks walked in after me. I guess it ebbs and flows.The staff don't seem to deal in pennies; my total seemed to get rounded up to the nearest multiple of five or ten after sales tax. I actually like this since pennies annoy me quite a bit.The verdict: As my mom put it, "Why would anyone go to a sit-down dim sum restaurant when you can get the same stuff in larger portions, cheaper prices, and better quality?" I can't wait to go back and try some more of the things they have in their display case!
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,6/1/2013,744,64,23,24,22>If you're wondering why:a) A Chinese restaurant in the Mission is getting 4 stars,b) A Chinese restaurant in the Mission is named Punjab, orc) A 4 star Chinese restaurant in the Mission named after an Indian state serves American diner food,then you've come to the right review.Punjab is one of those enigmas that leaves you scratching your head when you enter the place, and then rewards you with sweet satisfaction after you've left. I can't imagine that anybody in need of a Chinese food fix would go to this place based on its name and location alone. So I'm here to tell you about Punjab's inner beauty and why you should give it a chance as I did when I first moved to the Mission. The food is OK. I'll say that off the bat. It's not terrible, but it's not great either. I don't want you to expect earth shattering flavors when you go here. This is not why I like this place. Like I said, the food is decent, but the je ne sais quoi is fantastic. That's right. I haven't quite put my finger on it yet, but I love coming here for reasons unknown. Is it because it's the only Chinese restaurant I know that serves Pho? Decent Pho at that. Or maybe it's the server (Serene) who makes you feel at home the minute you step foot inside. She'll know your life story by the end of your meal and you'll know hers. Could it be that they have free mimosas on Sunday for brunch? Or perhaps the fact that you could come here for breakfast and order steak and eggs?Whatever the reason, I'm S-O-L-D and this is why I keep coming back. It's my go-to resto in a pinch. Prices are cheap, food is pretty good and the staff is warm. And it's 2 blocks from my place (I guess I should have mentioned that before). It does help that it is walking distance from my apartment. A definite plus. Especially in the Mission where there is a scarcity of good Chinese restaurants.Just for the hell of it, here are a few of my go to items:Salt and Pepper Pork ChopSpicy Basil ChickenCombo #4King Of Kung PaoPunjab Fried RicePunjab Chow MeinWonton SoupWhat I won't be ordering again:Roasted duckBeef with Brocolli (more like Brocolli with some beef)And seriously, try the Pho. It's not the best Pho in the world but it might surprise you.If by your first visit you're not enchanted by this unassuming hole-in-the-wall Chinese/American diner hodgepodge of a restaurant, then you need to have your soul checked. 4.1 stars
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2013,5/31/2013,4636,789,14,18,17>I've been to Off The Grid Fort Mason twice for the 2013 season and stopped by the Side Pony tent both times (though technically three times since I went twice my last visit there).  If you love the sandwiches from 3-Sum Eats, then you'll definitely love Side Pony as their sandwiches are expertly crafted from 3-Sum Eats alum Chef Dana.  While the sandwiches aren't exactly the same ones from 3-Sum Eats, Side Pony's menu sounds just as interesting and is probably going to change over the course of the season.  Here's what they offered back on 4/5/13:Eden Farm Achiote and Citrus Braised Pork Shoulder Sandwich - chipotle sofrito, provolone, cabbage slawEden Farm Cranberry and Whisky Braised Brisket Sandwich - crispy potato hash, pickled fennelLiberty Farm Thai Inspired Duck Larb Sandwich - Kaffir lime aioli, cilantro and mint pesto, pickled onionsDeep Fried Pickles with Tzatziki SauceThe only sandwich I haven't tried is the Duck Larb sandwich but it does sound tempting and a lot of folks were ordering it.  The Deep Fried Pickles were EPIC!  It's a perfect side for any of their sandwiches or for a small snack while waiting in line for another food stand or truck at OTG.  I had it with the Pork Shoulder sandwich and that was a pretty good sandwich with a perfect bread to meat ratio and the Pork Shoulder was really tender and bursting with flavor (bit.ly/ZuEgIV). My favorite sandwich is definitely their Brisket Sandwich.  It was the best thing I had out of everything I had at OTG my last visit.  The sandwich is loaded with a heaping serving of brisket and topped with the potato hash.  It's meat and potatoes done right in sandwich form!  Sorry I don't have a pic it though, I couldn't wait to eat it!Part of me didn't want to write this review right away simply because they seem to never had a long line at OTG and that I always able to instantly order and pickup their food.  But they definitely deserve the spotlight with the awesome sandwiches they make!  Give them a try next time you stop by OTG Fort Mason.  I approve!!
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,5/30/2013,3057,2814,22,26,21>I certainly can't begrudge a shop that specializes in bread pudding. After all, I do fancy the Loving Cup on Polk for its calorifically tasty rice pudding. I have to admit I don't have the same level of fondness for bread pudding, but Schulzies does a fine job of making a school cafeteria staple into something more satisfying with a mind-boggling 108 flavor variations. Jamie W. and I had wanted to try it ever since we saw a gaggle of young, weightless hipsters crowding around a sample table during the Christmas season.Since it was pretty cold at the time, we weren't in the mood to elbow our way in for our share as the scene would have deteriorated into a scene from "Kill Bill, Part 2". Flash forward two months later, and we're back in Hayes Valley walking off a carb-heavy pasta dinner at Il Borgo. This time Schulzies was in full operation from their storefront, so I had to satisfy my long-simmering curiosity by going in. Lo and behold, there appeared to be at least a dozen flavors on display and at least twenty more described on the board behind us.The cheery server went into an extensive explanation on the different textures and flavors that went right by me until she said the magic words - 'salted caramel'. OK, stop, that's it. So we shared a small $3.50 cup of self-dubbed Salted Caramel Charisma. Asking naively about the sauces available, she recommended we try the whiskey sauce on top. OK, sure (see photo). Two spoons please because we aren't pigs. Y'hear me? It was good, very good with the sauce a nice touch, but in texture and consistency, it was actually closer to rice pudding than bread pudding.Not that this was a bad thing since I love rice pudding, but I was missing the burnt crustiness and interior chewiness I was hoping would be there as part of the package. I imagine that variation was probably available, but honestly I didn't have the patience to listen to the extensive explanation provided by the server. Bottom line was that I wanted some bread pudding. NOW. But now that I've popped my bread pudding cherry, I could see myself coming back for Almondine Affection or Biggies Figgie Pudding or even Tarragon Song. Maybe I'll just bring my own torch next time.PUDDING - 4 stars...good, rich flavor...but wasn't that rice pudding?AMBIANCE - 3 stars...looks and operates like an ice cream parlor, not a bad thingSERVICE - 3 stars...informative but the script is a bit too long-winded for meTOTAL - 4 stars...one down, 107 to go
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,5/29/2013,975,3275,9,10,9>Illegal.Plenty of what namesake Al Capone did.Added to the list should be Capo's deep dish pizza.There is no explanation for how good it is other than illicit substances were added. Which make you want a slice. And then another. And then two more.Oozing with cheese. Buttery crust. Plenty of sauce. So bad yet so good. Took all the willpower in the world to stop and save the rest. Leftovers didn't last long.Was not the only one impressed. Grandma was too. And sis. Two very important opinions that should not be taken lightly.Soup to start was delicious. And complimentary. Chicken broth, noodles and veggies. Nothing more needed.Chicken marsala wasn't as memorable but that could have been because we were all eyeing more of the deep dish.Made Man whiskey drink got me in the mood for more whiskey. Namely a Whiskey Crisp dessert with apples, pears, cherries and topped with vanilla bean gelato.Got intoxicated. On flavor.Red booths and vintage decor (including a working phone booth) were awesome. Same with the reasonable prices and friendly service.Capone might have gone straight for another slice of pizza.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,5/28/2013,1030,1074,21,26,28>I wanted #1,000 to be special.  What's more special than finding your perfect real estate agent, now and for the future?I spoke with Simon in 2012 when I was considering investing in real estate in San Francisco.  I wanted to move closer to work, but had absolutely no idea what I was in for.  I was your typical first time buyer, TONS of questions, mostly dumb, I'm sure.  Simon was extremely patient with me and explained everything from the dreaded offer/negotiation process to educating me on what the current market was like. Simon offered his expertise in more ways than just showing me properties.  During market research, he encouraged me to email him whenever I come across something unfamiliar (what the heck is a pest inspection?!).  He always responded quickly, and I never felt pushed into putting offers on properties I didn't feel completely comfortable with.  I felt like he was in it to help me find a home, not to make a quick commission. I am still currently looking on the market and trying to find my "perfect" starter home.   I don't know where or when this property will show up but when it does, Simon will be the one representing me.And trust me...I've watched enough HGTV to tell the good agents from the bad.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,5/27/2013,578,467,8,9,8>Came here with my family and ended up with a very satisfying and affordable meal. The place was empty Sunday at noon, but it was also pouring rain outside which might have explained the lack of patrons.My family shared:Lamb special - perfectly cooked lamb! Large portion for the price, and came with delicious potatoes.Seafood paella - the most expensive item we ordered. However, it did come with a ton of seafood goodies.Mussels - Delicious and amazing broth! Ceviche - pass. Sounds good in theory (Shrimp, squid and scallops) but none of the seafood was very fresh.My other gripe about this place was that the restaurant charged my dad $160 for our $50 meal! My dad was confused and had to call the credit card company to dispute the charge. However, I'll give Cha Cha Cha the benefit of the doubt and assume it was an honest mistake :)
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,5/26/2013,888,264,14,17,12>Looks can be VERY deceiving. From the outside, it looks like one of those rollerblading 70's club. Me being born not prior to that era, I claim this based off all the retro movies I've seen. I was skeptical that I was at the correct location, having followed Apple Maps (pre-update) and all.. but this is the Garden Club.Open the large piano-like door, you are presented with .. a bar. (dafuq??)Okay, fool me once, right?..The actual restaurant is beyond the bar, to the left. It's strange, but once you step foot to the other side, it's quite the 180 cultural surprise. Italian checkered linen tablecloth, Tuscan interior design, and Christmas decorations still up. It felt very cozy, with casual family's having dinner on a Sunday night. Speaking of Sunday night, the WHOLE MENU is pre fixe according to each day, and best of all, it's FAMILY STYLE. (see Sunday's menu: yelp.com/biz_photos/gard… )-- EATS --Soup de Jour -- 4 STARS It looked like Progresso chicken noodle soup, minus the chicken, but add in a ton more noodles, celery, carrots, and diced tomatoes. Needless to say, it was delicious. It was simple, warm, hearty.. and I had me 3 bowls.Salad de Saison -- 4 STARS I don't like salad, but it had garbanzo beans in it. I like garbanzo beans. Win! Ravioli with Meat Sauce -- 4 STARS These were some HUGE raviolis! If I weren't mistaken, I would have thought this was an entree. Soft, saucy, meaty, cheesy, goodness is what it is. I was stuffed..Prime Rib au jus ($21.95) -- 3 STARSBeing a HoPR (House of Prime Rib) veteran by now, I guess I had high expectations but for half the cost, it wasn't too bad. As usual, I request my meat Medium Rare so I can truly enjoy the natural tender and flavor of the beef but I was a tad disappointed with the unexpected tough chewiness.. potatoes and green beans are also served with the entree. (choice of dessert included but I was too stuffed to even bother)-- VERDICT -- I like what they do here. From both the restaurants and patrons perspectives, using low cost materials and ingredients to keep costs down in striving to offer a start to finish whole course meal for a low set price for wary is a win win for everybody. The food isn't drop dead to die for, but it'll fill you up for sure, without sacrificing taste nor cash. I was stuffed way before my Prime Rib even got to the table simply because their Raviolis were so addicting. And keep in mind, I average 4 meals a day so I can put away a ton of food! Simple, cheap, hearty family style eats; it's what it's all about at the Garden Club.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,5/25/2013,160,230,7,12,11>I noticed within about two minutes after arriving that were the only diners at Mozzeria who had stumbled upon the restaurant accidentally. While walking towards the bathroom, I passed a party of about twelve speaking in sign language to the waitress. Wow, I thought, what a talented waitress. And then I saw the waitress sign to another waitress, and to the chef, and finally, even the man dining alone signed on his way out. What an amazing discovery. I have to admit, I had never really thought about the challenges that the hearing-impaired must have in communicating with strangers. Whether one signs or lip reads, having to identify yourself as hearing-impaired in every first interaction must get really tiring. I think it's awesome that there's a restaurant in San Francisco where the hearing-impaired and their friends can go without having to worry about that. But please do not skip Mozzeria if you are not hearing impaired! The pizza was really, really good. Mozzeria specializes in Italian-style pizza with crackling thin crust and fresh toppings. I recommend the roast duck pizza with hoisin sauce and green onion. It's like an Italian twist on Chinese duck pancakes. (Have I mentioned that I'm a big fan of anything half-Asian?)Mozzeria is also family-friendly. That's actually how we ended up there. We had plans to meet friends who were bringing their two young children at Chow. Except Chow had a sewage problem and had to close for the evening. Our friend did a yelp search for "family-friendly" nearby and Mozzeria popped up. And I'm glad it did.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,5/24/2013,174,82,17,18,18>I've always been in the area of The Taco Shop at Underdogs and everytime I pass by folks are spilling out and watching the game there.My clinical group and I decided to grab some lunch here and damn am I glad we did. My friend recommended the quesadillas and also mentioned the fish tacos being bomb. The beast in me wanted to get both but she said that the quesadilla was going to be enough. Soooo, I just got that.  I believe I got the carne asada, my friend also asked them for the "fire" sauce. I was like "Oh, okay, I see you, asking for stuff that's not on the table aye. Must be a regular here".  The quesadilla came and OMG, that baby was no joke.  I was imagining, you know, a quesadiila, two flat tortillas with the stuffing in between. But this one came out like a crispy smashed burrito.  I ain't even complaining cause it as bomb.com and then some. Freakin loved the smashed burrito aspect of it and the crispiness of the tortilla was just perfecto. I'm determined to go back for the fish tacos and for a game. Hallelujah, holla back!
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2011,7/15/2011,258,285,15,19,19>All I can say is: wow.  I am impressed with their fried chicken sandwich. It was worth the $8. It was worth every penny! I wish I had gotten two, I wish I can come every Tuesday. It had me at first bite. This sandwich is so finger-licking good. I giggled and found myself in bliss. Amazing. I'm speechless. It was so good! The soft acme bun, the juicy and tender lightly fried chicken breast, the creamy garlid aioli sauce and the cole slaw made this little sandwich ol' so perfect. This just might be the last meal I want on earth. Another highlight about Naked Lunch is their $16 Artisan Foie Gras & Duck Prosciutto sandwich. It's definitely good, I love foie gras and I love proscuitto but I just couldn't get past the "duck". Personally, I don't eat duck but I did give it a try. It was interesting. Yes, I am being bias. I couldn't give it more than a couple bites. What a shame, I know. If you love foie gras and duck proscuitto, then this is the sammy for you. Cash only.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2011,7/14/2011,240,126,16,17,17>Even though I've lived in the area for quite some time, Yum Yum Fish has always fallen off my radar. I foolishly assumed any establishment boasting its yumminess so blatantly would be anything but. And its dank, dirty interior and fishy smell definitely didn't help either. However, it just goes to show that mommy wasn't kidding when she preached to always look beyond surface appearances, because Yum Yum Fish is indeed YUM X 2. After my friend informed me that they whip-up some pretty solid sushi rolls, I was inspired to give it a try.  While I didn't end up ordering any rolls, I can vouch that their Chirashi is excellent. At $15 a pop, it is officially the cheapest Chirashi I've had in the city (usually it ranges from $20-$30) while still maintaining quality.  From octopus and sake to unagi and maguro, this dish packs in a lot of fresh sea life, considering the moderate price. I seriously think about their Chirashi every time I'm hungry at work, which is more than I'd care to admit. However, good food or not, this place is still pretty slummy, so I'd advise getting take-out. 4 stars!
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,7/13/2011,935,1053,15,24,17>Hi there Yelp fans. By now you should trust me. You do trust me, right? Ok, great. Please go to Mission Chinese food and order the following:--Egg Custard served with chicken confit, hokkaido scallop, chrysanthemum and winter melon consommé--Pork Dumplings poached in ham broth--Slow Cooked Char Siu Pork Belly with a tea smoked egg--Thrice Cooked Bacon with rice cakesThe Egg Custard was quite possibly the best menu item I've had in any restaurant this year. And as my ever expanding waistline can attest, I eat out a lot.The three pork dishes gave me a full on swine-gasm (note that the dumplings can't be ordered for take out or delivery) The dumplings were perfectly cooked and served in a lite broth. The thrice cooked bacon, well, it's bacon cooked three times. Duh. And the pork belly delivered on all accounts - don't sleep on the egg, it's an integral part of the dish and delicious on its own.We were able to get a table for two 7:45pm on a Saturday night without a wait but within minutes there were people milling about, waiting for a table. The prices at MCF are ridiculously cheap considering the quality of ingredients and care that go into each dish. Speaking of cheap, you can bring your own wine for a $5 corkage fee.Mission Chinese Food is firmly entrenched in my rotation of restaurants that I will gladly return to without hesitation. Go ahead, try some of the dishes that I listed. You can thank me later.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2011,7/11/2011,1258,548,20,22,21>After having a baby, I had hair that looked not unlike a cave woman on a humid day.  It was alarming.  I decided to sneak out for a hair cut while my kids and husband were napping, not an easy feat.  The salon had to be worth my efforts.  After perusing the internet, NVS seemed to fit the bill.This unpretentious, stylish, and well-appointed little salon is just what I was looking for.  They are also located in Noe so I don't have to schlep over to Union Square, pay $15 for parking, and deal with...well, Union Square.  The parking on the street near NVS is reasonable, and I had no trouble at all walking to the salon from 24th Street after doing some window shopping.  I called the salon after walking past them about five hundred times on my walks with my newborn.  Erin was the stylist that I booked with, purely based on what I had read in reviews.  She was very friendly, welcoming and addressed my particular concerns...I needed an easy cut that was going to be a cinch to maintain.  In addition, I had pregnancy hair, and the possibility it was all going to fall out of my head in a few months when the hormones adjusted was another issue.In an hour, she had my hair swishing like a shampoo commercial.  It was a perfect style for my post-pregnancy needs.  In addition, she was so charming and easy to like, the time flew by.  It was well-worth the $85 plus tip for that alone.  Erin is a rock star.I'll be back to try the massage and eye brow wax when I get another free hour of time away from my two kids and husband...that would be some time when Donald Trump becomes President of the United States.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2010,7/10/2011,3451,1617,25,31,30>Not only do I love comfort foods, but also love sharing those comfort food favorites with others. Especially when we have the same taste in good food, we seek it out and want to share our experiences. On a recent night out, we decided to take a little walk to the Front Porch for some fun and good eats. We arrived at Front Porch, while we were waiting we snagged some seats at the bar and ordered a bottle of Duvel for us to share. We were not as hungry, so we decided to split an appetizer and a meal to split.To start we had the Blue Crab Corn Fritters w/ Criolla Remoulade - which were great. I love my crab and was happy to get a little seafood fix as part of the meal. They serve you cob shaped mini corn breads with a flavored butter. I only wish they were a little bigger, but they were tasty. For the main course we split the chicken plate, 3 pieces of juicy breaded fried chicken, garlic mashers and collard greens. Although they are not boneless chicken breasts, they cut the meat perfectly so that there are minimal bones and seemed like decent sized portions of food. Especially for two to share. The 3 Front Porch sauces they serve should be sold to the public, I want a set. I loved the green chili, the red sauce and the yellow habanero. Colorful yet very flavorful sauces are key and I love it spicy!!! We even made it out with some leftover, which I took a little leftover fried chicken which we diced up the next day and served on a homemade pizza. It was the bomb, next time I'll order the bucket and take the rest home!
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2011,7/9/2011,2747,1075,18,18,18>This is the old school burger diner.  The kind that was everywhere in the 1960s.  And today, in the warm winter weather that we all love, everyone who was there in the 1960s came back.  Yes, it was Take Your Elders to Lunch day in San Francisco.  The 80-somethings were dining with their 50-something children, and of course the place to go would be something we could all agree on.  Burgers & fries, FTW.  My mother-in-law stared at the menu like it was a psychedelic poster, but the kind waitress patiently walked her through ordering a cheeseburger and a cup of coffee.  My Lady ordered one of the famous Bill's burgers, fries, and an indulgent chocolate milk shake.  I went for a BBQ bacon cheeseburger, fries, and a Coke which was served in a "classic" 50s-style glass.  The glass was plastic, but it was a true retro style.  Mom-in-Law picked up the tab, for $38 + tip.  Bill's Place was bustling in the early afternoon on this sunny day.  The smell of hamburger filled the air, and clung to our clothes for hours afterwards.  Besides the elder crowd pushing the envelope of longevity, there were also younger families.  I saw one table with a half dozen grade school children at it, and remembered that savings knows no age.  Interestingly, the menu points out that the owner of Bill's Place is actually named Don.  He has been working here for 40 of the 50 years that it has been in business, and inherited it from the original owners.  I haven't read stories like this at Lori's Diner or Johnny Rocket's.  This is the real deal.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2011,7/8/2011,323,110,19,20,20>People are always appalled when they hear that I prefer Little Star over the over-hyped Zachary's. That's right!!! Little Star is the best followed by Patxi's and then Zachary's. My comparison is not just the crust but the taste and the texture.  Don't argue with me Zach fans.  That was my experience and this is my review, not to mention great service at LSP too  ;-)Let me put this out there: I'm not a fan of deep dish pizzas because there isn't room in my waistline for extra carbs but I love the deep dish at LSP.  My favorite is the signature deep dish "Little Star" (yelp.com/biz_photos/OoyK…) It came with spinach, onions, mushroom, garlic, feta and ricotta cheese, and I usually add pepperoni.  The crust was made with cornmeal so it's not heavy and doughy but always crispy and never greasy.  The tomato paste had a balanced tang to it, not sour nor sweet.  And OMGosh the combination of cheeses were the perfect blend, gooey and stringy even if the pizza cooled down.  I had it the next day and it was still gooey and tasty.  Why I don't like Zachary's:  cardboard crust made with flour, undercooked fillings that was heavy on the tomato sauce so it was sour and runny which made the center soggy, and the cheese became hard when we didn't eat the pizzas fast enough.  I also want to add a few words to those who say the best deep dish is found in Chicago.  Let me break this to you....this is the Bay Area.  Unless you plan to fly to Chicago each time you crave for a deep dish, I suggest you choose the best that the Bay Area can offer.  And the best is Little Star Pizza.  FYI: East Bayers who don't want to come to SF for LSP, well you lucked out because there's one down the street from Zachary's.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2010,7/7/2011,353,254,16,19,22>for a while now, late at night, i've walked into the sleepy kinokuniya building (thanks for the introduction, jason c!)...  goodnight, sophie's crepes.  goodnight, kinokuniya bookstore.  festa, you're still awake?  fantastic.  i'd like to tell you about my day via song over a bottle of sake....and that's how everyone should embrace festa.  it is the emotive haven for all.  whether you're heartbroken fools (who request 'always' by atlantic starr) or middle-aged businessmen who just came from gold club (who request 'i'm in love w/a stripper' by t-pain), this is where you are welcome.  ....except for the obnoxiously drunk.  you belong in a private karaoke room.  w/acoustically enhanced walls.  and linoleum floors.  are you a karaokein fool?  songs are free before 9pm during the weekdays ($2/song otherwise).  if you see me there, let's sing a duet!  : )
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2010,7/6/2011,1602,405,23,20,23>I was searching YELP for a sushi restaurant around sunset (that delivers). Why? Because I'm too lazy to get off my butt to drive to a restaurant to eat these days! ($20 minimum for delivery)The boyfriend phoned our order in and 45 minutes later the food was here! I had the dinner combo with tonkatsu and california roll and the boyfriend had beef teriyaki with tempura, which of course came with a salad and miso soup. The tonkatsu was good and the california was just alright, I've had better at other places. =X The boyfriend woofed down his food, so I'm guessing it was good. =)Another day we ordered for delivery again because again, I'm freakin' lazy! We ordered the Godzilla, Caterpillar and the Lion King Roll (my favorite). I didn't care too much for the Caterpillar Roll, but I loved the Lion King and Godzilla Roll. The salmon in the Lion King roll was REALLY good, I wish we had gotten two of rolls instead of one! =XHopefully I'll soon get off my butt and drive it over to the restaurant to actually sit down and eat! =) Until then, I'll be ordering for delivery!
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2010,7/5/2011,1428,724,21,24,26>Dinner at Mr. Pollo was one of the most unique dining experiences I've ever had. People told me what to expect, but you don't quite understand until you get there.Mr. Pollo is a tiny closet of a restaurant that seats around 10 people. My cousin Griselda D and I arrived just after the 6pm opening time. We asked Chris (executive chef Manny's business partner) to surprise us, as we didn't want to order off a menu. Their menu rotates daily, so if you want to be adventurous and sample a variety of Manny's culinary work, you should opt for the $15 tasting menu. You won't know what's coming until it hits your table - a little mystery makes the meal more exciting :) Manny made us:- Seared goat loin w/ seared carrots and zucchini- Monterey Bay squid arepa: The arepa is similar to a pupusa. It's a masa shell w/ squid, red onion and red peppers in a creamy pesto-like sauce. The arepa was, without question, the star of the tasting menu.- Giant fresh water blue prawn served over a bed of white rice w/ walnut and wild arugula sauce- Organic beef & broccoli with seared eggplantFor dessert we opted for a fontina and creme brulee souffle w/ maracuya ice cream. It was pure DECADENCE! It tasted like creme brulee bread pudding (if such a thing existed) w/ maracuya (Brazilian passionfruit) ice cream. This dish takes 25 minutes to bake, so let them know ahead of time so they can pop it in the oven for you.We washed it all down with a bottle of Petit Sirah that I brought from home. Currently, Mr. Pollo allows BYOB with no corkage fee because they are awaiting their liquor license :)Because Manny makes each dish himself, you should be prepared to stay for 2-3 hours. It's definitely an experience. I advise that you go with someone you can hold a conversation with because there will be some downtime. By the time we left, the house was packed. Word travels quickly, and this place is getting alot of buzz, so I suggest checking them out before they get even more crowded.You will NOT be disappointed!
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2014,11/8/2014,558,227,15,16,19>Just about every new bar I've been to in San Francisco has seemingly tried to either tap into our subsumed zeitgeist of nostalgia, or a collective longing for authenticity. Some go for both, but mostly you seem to have places that either try to be timeworn and unique (you can usually tell these places by their Edison bulbs and "reclaimed wood, and tile, bro!" and overpriced cocktails made by "mixologists"), or kitschy and 90'slicious (with soundtracks that are either "hyphey" or "bootytastic" [I have no idea what either of those things actually represent, but I know that I don't like them]). I'd guess thats the price I pay for living in a city where the target demographic are rich twenty and thirty-somethings, but more than once I've had to ask myself why its so damn hard to find a bar where I can just sit and drink heavily without feeling like my drink's prices are directly related to how cool I think a place should be.Zeke's doesn't try to be anything but a sports bar. I like that. I like the crappy fluorescent lighting and the acoustic tile on the ceiling, that their best whiskey is a Maccallan 12, and that all of their draft beers are under five dollars, and that you can get a shot of tequila for two dollars during happy hour. I like that their food is cheap, that every burger comes with fries, and their Spicy Thai Chicken is good. I like that the service is efficient, and unpretentious, and designed to get you your overpoured and underpriced drink as quickly as possible. I like the wooden walls, and the fake wood of the bar, and the mirrored bar-back straight from my grandfather's favorite diner.Mostly, I like that this is a place where everyone can come, and everyone does. Businessmen after work, Giants fans before baseball games, young and old, the hungry and the thirsty, the rich and the poor. They all come here for the cheap drinks, and to talk, and to relax, and to watch sports on no less then 16 screens. Its a nice change from the other bars in this area, from the other bars in this city of pretension and projection, where everything is a facsimile, and everyone tries too hard to be hip. Zeke's is a throwback, solid oak in a bakelite world, a wonderfully authentic experience in the increasingly contrived world of Bay Area bars, a window into the gritty, egalitarian City of the past.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,11/7/2014,307,514,19,21,19>You know who doesn't have a lot of time?  Soon-to-be parents.You know who has even less time then them?  Parents of newborns.Sure you can go to a police station (only certain ones though) to have you're carseat inspected for free.  But you have to make an appointment and the wait times can be several weeks out.Smart people discover solutions.  Bryan from Buckled Baby is such a person.  What a great business concept: he'll go to your house to install a carseat, check your installation, educate you on your carseat-car combo, and teach you things you'll need to know for the future.  Yes, of course you're paying for this, but the information is invaluable.  Your carseat is only as good as your installation.  He told us we'd done a "pretty good job" on our own, however, I wasn't happy with the way my newborn's head sort of dangled forward sometimes.  Bryan totally solved this problem and showed me how to do the center positioning that I'd wanted originally, but which was too troublesome for us to work out on our own.  (The fact that our marriage survived our team effort of carseat installation is quite an achievement in my book.)And the time factor - he came precisely on time to my house (cutting out my need to drive and wait somewhere), and I was able to schedule an appointment online for the next day.  From start to finish, my experience with this business was smooth sailing and totally worthwhile.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,11/6/2014,579,117,12,23,23>1.  My kind of Non-Profit (yep, this is a Non-Profit, Social Endeavor bettering our fair City and our fellow City-zens).  Have a business, teach people real world practical skills, make bad-@ss bake goods.  Win-Win-Win.  This place provides employment and skills training for people with disabilities who are homeless or at risk.  That said - I NEVER would have thought this was anything other than a great shop with good food and good service.2.  The bake goods are, in fact, BAD-@SS!  I love this joint.  There are all sorts of good things, including:  daily pizza selection, bakery-made granola, sandwiches, bakery sweets and pastries, and MY personal favorite - the Ham and Cheese Roll (or Herb and Cheese roll, if they're out).3.  Elaborating on the Ham and Cheese Roll.  OMG!  It's something between a croissant and biscuit in terms of the dough.  Think of it as wrapped like a Cinnamon Roll, only with Ham and Cheddar Cheese.  To say that it's tasty is SUCH an understatement.  The best $3 pastry you will ever get.  ...unless you're on a diet.4.  It is a beautiful and REALLY COOL space.  The interior was designed by award-winning SF Architect Jim Maxwell.  It is open and modern, clever and inviting.  Check out the photos.  They did a fabulous job.So, unless I hear that they're murdering puppies in back, I give this place the Adam S. Seal of Approval.  BTW - The California State Senate also gave theirs.  Joking aside, I think this is the sort of operation that really deserves the admiration of the community.  I hope you have a chance to support this mission - and it will be worth it, because it's a great spot.Well played, Hayes Valley Bakeworks!
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2014,11/5/2014,28,15,25,28,25>***Cash Only, No MSG***If you spend $13.00 at this restaurant and if you are still hungry, you have an issue.Their lunch special costs only $6.45 and you will get a small bowl of soup (weekday only), 2 pieces of dumplings or spring rolls and the main dish with rice. Yan's Kitchen gets 5 starts in my "Cheap Chinese Eats" category.Coming to this restaurant is like seeing the movie "Boyhood." Nothing spectacular or dramatic things do not occur but people find it heartwarming and soulful. This restaurant is located on the edge of Chinatown, just 1 block from Transamerica Pyramid. Clearly, Godzilla fell down just 2 blocks from this restaurant in the latest movie but Mr. Yan's has been passionately cooking for more than 20 years like nothing happened. Mr. Yan and his wife, Mei are some of the nicest people on earth. A lot of repeaters come back to this restaurant to enjoy the cheap but delicious food and to see their smiles. Every time I come to this restaurant, I feel like I were invited to a Chinese friend's house and their kitchen happened to be the size of a small restaurant. And the friend's parents cook the food for me. Even if you come here alone, they will be happy to welcome you. The decor may be dated but that's a charm and we, repeating customers don't care. The most popular dish here is "General Tso's Chicken" and it is really good. I also like to order "Salt and Pepper Fish", "Fried Rice" and any dish with broccoli because their broccoli is always cooked perfectly. If you order Shanghai Dumplings, you may find there is no soup in them. It may be affected by the unusual California drought. They still taste good! Sometimes, fine dining at Michelin-starred restaurants gets boring. We pay hundreds of dollars and get food with the sous-vide meat, the foam and the spherification. Although, the dishes may have chef's creative passion, some dishes have no soul at all. Here at Yan's Kitchen, every dish is soulful and served with love. If you are a lady and dumped by your boyfriend, come here even when you are in your sweat pants or in your pajamas and eat a lot. Mr.Yan and Mei's smiles and their food will comfort you.  Most of all, their food will give you plenty of energy to slap your ex-boyfriend's cheeks super hard. Enjoy!
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,11/4/2014,229,184,7,14,11>As a kid, I used to take dance classes. I loved to dance. It made me feel free. It made me feel happy. As I got older & busier with school and life, I became less and less involved in dance. Recently, a friend of mine invited me to take a class here. Instantly, I fell in love with the place!! The state-of-the-art facility brought me back so many memories. The receptionists at the front were very friendly. It only costs $5 for your first time! There are some exceptions, so this discount doesn't apply to all the classes. Make sure you check the websites for add'l info and the class schedule: odcdance.org/school.php. It's $13 with cash & $14 w/out cash after that. They also offer class cards. You can find all the info on the website provided. I signed up for the rhythm and motions class, but the instructor didn't show up, so the class ended up being cancelled. We ended up getting a voucher to come back for a free rhythm and motions session.Luckily, we were also able to drop in to the beginning hip hop class two doors down. It was AMAZING! Sheree is such an awesome instructor. She is sensitive to everyone's needs and doesn't mind going over the moves multiple times. The best part is she comes up right in front of you & does it. She's super nice, so don't be afraid to ask her to repeat the steps if you get lost. We learned 3 8-count sets, which were pretty easy to learn-- nothing too complicated. It's a workout! YOU WILL SWEAT, so make sure you wear light clothes & sneakers or dance shoes. I will be back! If you've never been, give it a try! It's always fun to try new things.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2014,11/3/2014,158,133,12,20,18>What do you do when you have 5 people from your Moms side of the family visiting SF from Colombia, your mom tells you that you need to invite them to something, AND you are feeling the poverty of being a part time grad school student trying to pay your tuition and loans? Thank God for Chinese food!  Lai Hong Lounge more than fed my family, my sister, her bf, and my bf for $250! We looked like rock stars because there was way too much food that kept coming, they were experiencing the best of China town, and they didn't break the bank. On top of that, it was the first time they were meeting my Chinese boyfriend, who will more than possibly be part of the family!Also, I want to shout out to Jimmy, our waiter, who hooked it up with a parking spot. My family was driving around for 45m when they almost gave up, but they came in and asked about parking and Jimmy, stellar guy, offered them the restaurants parking spot. He was also super on top of us, made sure we had enough food, enough water, and had all our pictures taken. #tourists Thanks Jimmy!
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,11/2/2014,390,226,9,12,12>Only have tried the spray tan here, but have had a good experience each time.  I used to go to Radical Tan, but they changed employees and the current tanning person isn't so good.  At Cocoon I've tried a few different people and they're all really good.  Rosa is probably my favorite.  Excellent communication, excellent customer service, and knowledgeable staff.  The spray tan is a gorgeous natural color.  I love that I can shower at the salon, so I typically will go to the gym right before, shower there, and then get the spray tan.  It skips the step of me having to go home to shower!  This place is also dog friendly (at least for small dogs), so sometimes I walk my dog to the salon to get his walk out of the way so that I don't have to walk him after the spray tan.  My only peeve is that sometimes they run behind and you have to wait (granted there is a very nice waiting area with almonds, dried fruit, and cucumber water), so it's a good idea to call 30 minutes beforehand just to see if they're on schedule.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,11/1/2014,350,1062,12,15,13>CHOCOLATE WASTED!!!(4.5 stars)After running 4+ miles I stopped in to treat myself to sugar and calories. HMM CALORIES ARE DELICIOUS. PAPAU NEW GUINEA S'MORE: ($4) Homemade Graham, Marshmallow and Caramelized Chocolate. Toasted to Order. I love anything S'MORE and could not pass up an opportunity to eat this. It looks much bigger in pictures than it really is in actual size. Sharing? Don't bother, it's really made for one person and it's not friendly when trying to portion it out. I added an extra marshmallow on top of my s'more because I really am "about that life"! I wish they toasted mine just a little more to really get the chocolate oozing but it was still exquisite. I highly recommend getting this!Will I be back? You don't have to ask me twice.JABA APPROVED.... Until the next review...
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,10/31/2014,518,79,8,21,14>Discovering Saru is very much like James W. Marshall discovering gold in 1848. A huge part of me is going to hate Yelp for sending more people this way making the wait times longer than it already is at this warm cozy sushi bar.  I wonder if that's how James felt about the gold he found...  Gotta let you know now that it's best to come here with a date or a friend and no more than that.  They don't have group seatings available.Saru isn't the right sushi joint for everyone.  It really depends on what you are looking for in sushi.  There are some friends I would never bring here because they wouldn't know how to appreciate it the way I would.  I read a few different reviews, good ones and bad ones.  It seems like the bad ones are totally missing the point, complaining about portions, sauces, and such.  So to help you figure out if this is a go for you I've broken it down the way I see it.  There are 3 different types of 'sushi lovers' out there (they are just preferences there's no wrong or right about it):1. The type that enjoy the popularity of it in a very foreigner type of way.  Giving them fancy sushi rolls with a bunch of different fish rolled in it is an easy 5 stars on Yelp.  Sushi rolls are as American as burritos and Panda Express.  For a quick bite I'd love a sushi roll while some see it more as a dining experience and fun night out.2. The type that want a Japanese experience rather than the usual American popularized sushi rolls.  They love the combination of fresh fish, rice, soy sauce, and wasabi.  How it is combined doesn't matter to them as long as they get to use a pair of chopsticks to soak up that piece of nigiri into their soy sauce and wasabi mix.3. The type that want their fresh fish cut properly, sitting on top of just the right amount of rice with just the right touch of fluff, chef's special made soy sauce, and Japanese garnish to highlight the fish itself.  They look for the flavors and textures coming together in perfection for what the Japanese call 'umami'.  You would never see this 'sushi lover' drench their sushi in soy sauce because they don't want to overpower the freshness n flavor of the quality fish.Saru is more for the type 2 and 3 but I highly recommend it for type 3.There has been a 'Gold Rush' of new sushi restaurants here in SF especially within the last 5 years, and like the Gold Rush back in the mid 1800's, a very few are doing well while majority of them are barely making it in terms of quality and swordsmanship.  The way I see it, a sushi chef is like that of a samurai where the sword and samurai are one.  A sushi chef must live and die by the sword, their knives.  Sushi is a very simple form of art that tells the story of its chef's personality and character in its preparations and flavors.I feel that the Japanese for the most part are very disciplined when it comes to principles which reflects in their fine attention to details.  There seems to be a reason for everything they do.  Sushi is like writing Kanji (chinese characters for Japanese).  It's like a painting in itself in its most simplistic form.  I use to train in chinese calligraphy, and the teacher would stress on the proper order of strokes... Strokes going left to right, strong n bold start of a stroke ends in a soft finish, top to bottom.  Anyone can dip a brush in ink and copy a character, but it takes a master to understand the true meaning of each stroke and meaning in its process from years of training.  Sushi to me is just like that.  So when I look at a piece of sushi, I'm always in search of the master's interpretation.Saru represents mastery in my eyes.  Knives keen and sharp; Fish sliced in strokes of a master's finesse over the right amount of sushi rice (sushi rice has a sweet vinegar infused into it).  Their fish is always quality fresh and the chef's own sauce is all you need to enjoy your sushi.  Menu of sushi changes according to what they get for the season with fish coming from different parts of the world.On the new age contemporary take on flavors, Saru doesn't disappoint either.  Their 4 different spoon tastings are truly divine offering an adventure for your senses.  I'll leave the descriptions out from this post but you can check out their menu to see for yourself.If you want to start your night off in a very Japanese kind of way, order the Ika Wasabi (thinly sliced fresh squid yuzu & wasabi) to go with a beer.  My Japanese friends always enjoy it just like that even when they are in Japan.  Shoot straight for the variety of nigiri.  Skip the appetizers n rolls.  If you don't know what you like go for 'omakase' or chef's choice.Saru isn't Japanese owned from what I know but they embody the Japanese spirit of sushi.  Only a few spots are better than Saru which I would place in the category of 'transcendence' but Saru for the quality vs price you pay is a solid 5 stars.Saru is a Gold Rush in itself... first come first serve folks!
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2014,10/30/2014,157,385,10,15,12>Freshly made food designed for good health and good community.In terms of set-up, Proper Food does not offer proper seating because it's designed as a grab&go for breakfast and lunch. Food items can be microwaved on-site before a trek up the stairs to the rooftop patio for some proper vitamin D exposure.Now, Proper Food's operations are impressive: way before the crack of dawn, the head chef cruises over to their commercial kitchen to begin creating the breakfast items, which are delivered fresh to the grab&go location while lunch production kicks into gear. Wait, there's more: at the end of the day, any leftover food is donated to charity. No need to dumpster dive because Proper Food is already giving back to its community in a sanitary way.First up is the MISO-GLAZED SALMON and soba noodles with fresh salmon, soba noodles, broccoli, cilantro, roasted peanuts, marinated shiitake mushrooms, daikon radish, and sesame dressing for $13.75. This entree combines a wonderful variety of flavors and textures. The salmon, about the size of my palm, was flavorful and not overpowered by the marinade. Mind you, the salmon won't be as moist and juicy as one freshly prepped at a restaurant, but then the price would multiply by 1.5, the wait by 50. The soba noodles were bomb, but I thought the sesame dressing contained a bit too much oil.Next was the CHAR-BROILED FLANK STEAK, rice, and bean bowl with all-natural flank steak, black beans, cannellini beans, Mexican red rice, queso fresco, shredded iceberg lettuce, avocado, crispy corn tortillas, and lime vinaigrette for $11.95 (yelp.com/biz_photos/prop…). The flank steak was medium-medium-rare, chewy, and tender, with a great rub to boot. And, imo, the rice resembled basmati rice more than Mexican rice...but what do I know, I tend to just eat jasmine rice durrrp.The $7.95 MEDITERRANEAN WRAP comes with roasted red pepper hummus, kalamata olives, romaine hearts, marinated roma tomatoes, and feta in a spinach wrap, + $2 for roasted free-range chicken. They're very generous with the olives, which is unfortunate since I'm not an olive fan :( I would recommend the wrap with chicken; otherwise, you're simply left with tomatoes, lettuce, chunks of feta, and a thin spread of hummus (yelp.com/biz_photos/prop…). Oh, and a buttload of olives. Props to the chef for properly drying the ingredients: after a day in the fridge, the wrap wasn't soggy. Thumbs up.Soups are available as $5.25 standalone orders or $3 add-ons to a meal. The CARROT AND GINGER soup made with caramelized onion and ginger stock and hazelnut oil was creamy and comforting, especially with its mild ginger undertones. The CHORIZO WHITE BEAN with oregano, thyme, yellow onion, chicken stock, and fresh scallion had chorizo galore below the little pools of oil floating on top.They offer chocolate chip, nutella, and oatmeal walnut COOKIES at $1.75 apiece. The chocolate chip cookie used dough that was too grainy for my tastes, and I found the Nutella cookie a bit too undercooked (though that is the risk when baking with heavy ingredients like peanut butter or Nutella). They also stock $6.95 juices, which seems a bit steep for the size.As a side note, Proper Food's grand opening was only two weeks ago on Monday, 5/12. It may not be the most proper pricing given the competition of breakfast and lunch places in FiDi, but the quality of the food is worth the few extra dollars. As for the lack of customizability, the tradeoff is worth the convenience of converting those 10-15 minutes of waiting in line into savoring the sun on the rooftop patio. Proper Food's delivery of fresh and fast food can help you properly maximize your lunch break.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2007,4/18/2007,0,0,80,70,89>Say you're riding your bike to work one morning and a cement truck decides to run you down. You find yourself busted and unconscious and at the mercy of an ER- where should you head? SF GENERAL HOSPITAL! So the food sucks, and you might get a scary homeless lady as a roommate. But your battered and bruised body will be treated right and you'll get sent home after a 3 week sojourn with a goodie bag of meds, a phone number of the cute internist and a promise of a puppy from your mum. Oh yeah, and you'll have all sorts of wonderful, fantastic visitors to make you feel like the luckiest girl in the world (with flail chest and 29 rib fractures). At least you don't have pneumonia!
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2007,4/17/2007,620,469,6,19,15>Ok, ok, so I rarely give 5 stars unless the food is spectacular and I've had a japanese type pallette lately, which means that I like food where you can taste the ingredients and not have the spices overpower what your eating.  I love the delicateness of a fresh fish with sauces that bring out the taste of the fish, not overpower it.  This definitely is the place.  We had 2 glasses of champagne and a bottle of white wine since I didn't want to get anything red to overpower the taste of the fish.  We started with 3 types of oysters.  Very fresh, and each had a unique flavor.  The waitress was really well versed in describing them to us.  Then we had the Crudo sampler, in which they let us substitute the scallop for fluke.  Everything was amazing.  The sauces and little spices complimented the amazingly fresh fish very well.  The tombo tuna melted in our mouths.  The fluke had a little bit of caviar to add a little touch of saltiness which it needed.  We also had the arctic char which had a type of wasabi paste on it which gave it an amazing flavor kick.  The fish was cut perfectly too, not too small and not too big.  It's a very small place with great service, nothing lacked.  We ended with the Ono in which it wasn't as good as the others though.  Partly because they gave us 2 by mistake and only charged us for one so we couldn't finish it.  Very nice of them.  I can't wait to go back and try other dishes!  Next time I want to bring my camera :)  The Tunnel Top bar is also next door, an awesome hangout.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2007,4/16/2007,492,460,32,14,26>I am too old for this shiznit.The smit, the heart-crushing, the army of butterflies which have been recently put back into active duty who threaten to fly out my mouth whenever I speak and the stupidity which goes along with when you meet someone who makes your stomach turn over and over and over and over again in a nauseating flip-flop spectacle of hormonal rush gymnastics...How it seems that your brain (which you have spent multiples of tens-of-thousands of dollars to train into a razor sharp instrument of sarcastic wit and killer business instinct) has leaked out your ear into a puddle of goo on the ground in between you and your crush's shoes as you stand there going "Gah, gah... durrrr... me Kaaatee... youuu Crusshh... gaaahhh..."I am TOO old to get so tongue tied in front of *some guy* that I can barely utter my own name or remember what city I am in... to turn fourteen shades of red every time my crush speaks my name (siiiggghhh)... I am too old to jump every time my cell phone rings, thinking that the crush will be the person calling me... I am TOO OLD to sit all pouty n' drunk on the couch watching bad Bravo reality shows and eating reheated Chinese food at two in the morning feeling half-a-step away from sobbing just as hard over my STUPID crush as I did when I was sixteen and Lael Pierce asked my friend Elisabeth to homecoming instead of me...I am too Too TOO OLD  for this shiznit.Here is what puts all of it right:A Boston creme donut from Bob's Donut & Pastry Shop.This came to me like a vision as I was on my way to Whole Foods and the #1 Cali was crossing over Polk Street and I was sitting there being all "meh" while listening to my iPod (appropriately loaded with wah-wah songs made to make me all self-indulgently sniffely...)The light, airy donut combined with just the right amount of vanilla-goodness on the inside, chocolate frosting on the top... mmm... I don't care that one donut probably has 1,500 calories... I DON'T CARE... this is serious crushing, people - it is le smit - it is unrequited amour... it is random-drive-by-flirting which leaves my head spinning and my knees woobly and my hands shaky and my stomach in knots because I am such a moron that I allow my self to be sucked into that kind of crushy-drama (see my review on "Stupid Drama" if you have questions on that topic)...  I want it to go away, yet come closer... it is LE SUCK.A donut is required.Yes, it is.From Bob's Donuts...Crushes gone awry can only be remedied with a Boston creme donut.  It is a proven scientific fact.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2007,4/15/2007,351,1069,11,21,21>More often than not, fusion-style restaurants turn out to be mediocre; you figure, focus on one cuisine, and you can do a helluva lot better job.  But somehow, Avatar's makes the Mexican-Indian influenced dishes work.  And work well.The atmosphere is diner-like, yet they've got white cloth napkins.  The menu is just as contrasting.  It's one of many, "You would never guess a place that looks like THAT could produce great tasting food."  Not knowing what to order, I put trust in the owner's words that what he would bring out would be the best thing I've ever had.  Like others, I was presented with the pumpkin enchilada, leading me to believe that it must be the creme de la creme dish--his trusty standby to spring onto unsuspecting, first-time customers looking to be wowed.  While it wasn't the best thing I've ever tasted (though, their chutney comes awful close), it was damn good...as was the service.  It's a shame my friend wasn't more open-minded about trying new foods.  After a quick peek at Avatar's menu, he high-tailed it to Feng Nian, the Chinese restaurant next door.  No doubt classier looking, the food, according to him, turned out to be "meh."  Don't judge a book by its cover, folks.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2007,4/14/2007,319,125,64,18,30>My last boyfriend was Muslim so to be nice, I'd swallow my drool, breathe through my mouth, and hold his hand harder whenever we walked past this place. But all that's changed now. And though I loved that good man, I'm freaking happy as hell to                 re-indulge in life's porcine pleasures. This past despondent Sunday morning I tried to drown myself in their sausage gravy but I kept eating it too fast. When I was done I looked up and saw that the sun was out, flowers were blooming, hot coffee was in my cup, and there were two slabs of luscious pork chops with two over-medium eggs looking up at me urging me to smile wide open and love pigs and life.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2007,4/13/2007,1218,738,49,48,49>conversation with a life long friend.friend : hey lets go out to dinner. i found out about this place thats supposed to be real high end japo food. its on top of dennys in jtown.me : on top of dennys? are you talking about the korean bar? theres a restaurant on top of dennys? you smoke too much weed man. i think you are mixing up info. when we arrived, we were like wtf, where the hell is this place. called, a lady said she will come right out. a completely non descriptive door opens and whoa... theres a restaurant there?the place itself is tiny... seriously about the size of my old room in my sisters mcmansion in fremont. (yeah, shes the successful one, im the kid in the parents basement one). since we were a large party for the place, 3 people!!!, they stuck us in a little room away from the counter. i was so lost. ive been around japanese food all my life, but pseudo japanese (big ups to nobu). kappa is the real deal japanese cuisine. i didnt know up from down here.  glancing over the menu, everyone had the look.me : mmmmmm i dont know. i took japanese for two years but other than _______ ku dae sai, i dont know shit.... thank you public school education.we went with the omakase..... like ive said many times, who knows their best dishes better than the staff? mmmmmm basically, i LOVED everything. i really couldnt tell you what i had, what it was, but i can tell you what it wasnt.... it wasnt a rainbow catapillar sunshine out my ass roll with tonkastu sauce. every small dish came out and was greeted by us with oooo and ahhhhs... the simple elegant balance of each dish was wonderful. the gracious lady matched up some cold sake for us also. excellent.for so many courses, we didnt get stuffed. more like a very pleasant full. it felt like a mini vacation to japan. a very good experience. now would i frequent it often? probably not. though the food is VERY VERY good, i prefer a more lowbrow dining experience. im a lowly salary man so stick me in an izakaya.. KAMPAI!
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2007,4/12/2007,240,172,31,16,26>Chinese Torture is spelled B-I-R-I-T-E C-R-E-A-M-E-R-Y.Whatever happened to the good ole days when you just went to 7-11 for a fecking slurpee when you wanted sumthin sweet?  Demons. . . sweet tooth villains. . .  what else can I say to condition my brain to NOT be magnetically pulled to Bi-Rite Creamery every time I walk by on my way to the J?I had the "Salty Caramel" and the "16th St. Honey Lavender" flavors with toasted walnuts for dinner tonight.  It's ok to eat ice cream for dinner every ONCE in a while.  Get off my back, Satan.  The 16th Street Honey Lavender did kind of taste like my last erotic massage, but it only made the experience all the sweeter!
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2007,4/11/2007,3057,2814,37,27,45>I like these theaters. Sure, they don't have the comfy seats and lifting armrests that the spanking new Century Theaters have at the Westfield Shopping Centre nor the $6 first-show matinees that the Metreon have.But the people who come here are... well, civilized. No marauding teenagers playing with their brightly lit, handheld video games as they sling their odorous feet on the seats in front of them. No screaming toddlers wondering out loud why they can't see "Happy Feet" again. No amorous couples suffering from third-degree burns due to excessive friction with their tongues. Who you find here are people interested in experiencing a quality film who know... to shut up when the lights go down... not to kick your chair to the rhythm of the Bollywood-style Fandango commercial... not to continuously crinkle their bag of M&Ms throughout the opening scene... not to belch after a tray of Velveeta nachos and foot-long dogs... not to answer their cell phones with "WHASSUP, DOG?" in the middle of the movie... and simply act like grown-ups who know that other people are watching the film in the same room. Is that too much to ask?I'm so sick and tired of viewers who treat a theater like a big-screen TV in their living rooms. Like Wanda Sykes, I just want to run my car over them...accidentally, of course... back again...and forward again...and back again...and forward again. Did that hurt? Gee, I'm sorry. I think Barbra Streisand had the right idea. Right after sweetly singing how lucky people who need people are, she told a Republican heckler..."SHUT THE F&#% UP!"...Works for me.This is an art house compared to the other multiplexes and a much needed one in this town. Hell, this is MY art house. Watching films like "Brokeback Mountain", "Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room", "The Queen", and "The Namesake" has been all the more pleasurable thanks to the mature, sensitive audiences who come here. Yeah, I like these theaters...a lot.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2006,4/10/2007,80,12,32,22,22>I'm so screwed. Why you ask? Even though I live in San Francisco and have a very metro attitude toward life, I just feel a little Nelly when I say the words: "I'll have the Croque Mademoiselle."I mean that's the better one. Just cause I'm a Monsieur, doesn't mean I have to conform to someone's idea of which croque is for me. So I say real fast: "I'llhavethecroquemademoiselle" (whew, no one but the waiter heard me right?) I sit back and enjoy the tin signs from Alsace, and the enamelled Cinzano tabletop, and other French artifacts. I have a couple bites of my wife's French onion soup which was perfect. Then out of nowhere, Joel the chef drops off two slices of quiche, saying "I think you should try the quiche." This brings me right back to 1982 when the book "Real Men Don't Eat Quiche" was a best seller. I think, "I've got a Croque Mademoiselle coming, I don't have to eat that quiche", but I plunge my fork in anyway, and take a bite. This is the best quiche I have ever had, a Quiche Lorraine no less, with bits of ham and cheese and herbs de provence. Perfect warm, but not scalding supported by a crispy chewy thin pastry crust. I devour  the evidence super fast in case anyone I know walks in and sees me eating quiche. Then the waiter drops off my wife's crepe, and my croque mademoiselle. This sandwich is huge. Why would they name it after a french Miss? At the Butler and the Chef they make it with smoked turkey and emmenthal on brioche, and you can add tomatoes and herbs too. So this is why I'm screwed: My wife and I already decided we are going to make this our regular brunch spot because the food is spot on, and there is parking for miles in South Park on the weekends. I know when I go back I will be ordering the little Miss sandwich, and that makes me paranoid about how the next transaction will go down. I know if I keep this up, someone will eventually point and laugh at the Croque Mademoiselle guy. I may have to print up little cards with my sandwich order, and carry them in my wallet. I will ask for a table way in the back all because of a Miss named sandwich.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2007,4/9/2007,5,41,41,13,26>OH MY GOD BECKY!...i USED to be THICK like a big bowl of grits!  but...after a little time away from the gym and more time spent going to way too many yelp happy hours the thickness has slowly turned to more of a lumpy oatmeal..if ya know what i mean.?...so........I decided to bring sexy back and join the gym.  Overall a good gym without that super competitive vibe (except maybe between the local men) *1 star for the pompous ass who tried to get me to trade in my "free" trial membership for a 80 dollar a month "great deal" and "limited offer"*****5 stars for NOT ONE STRAIGHT pervy guy in the place trying to "teach me how to do lunges more effectively"*****5 stars for the sore but soon to be firm again ba-donk-a-donk
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2009,6/28/2010,202,203,22,21,19>525,600 minutes, 525,000 moments so dear. 525,600 minutes - how do you measure, measure a year?... how about getting to see one of the best musicals ever with your special someone in a great space!The BF took me to see my first ever Broadway musical (yes, I'm a Broadway musical virgin AND my gay card ought to be revoked due to that... but I'm changing, see?!) at the Curran Theatre tonight and it was a great evening.We arrived promptly at 745PM for the 8PM show (in spite of the cluster f@#k traffic we hit since Obama was at the St. Francis... god bless him!), had no trouble getting in line, got in and were promptly ushered to our seats by the oh-so polite ushers, and had our asses parked in our seats by 755PM... swift!INTERIORS:- Entering the balcony through the right, I almost sprained my neck as I took in the splendid interiors of the theatre with its humongous chandelier, wood carved walls and stage (not as impressive as the Castro Theatre, the Warfield, the Paramount or the Fox, but pretty darn close!)- Bathroom were clean and functioning properly (though I would not mind slightly deeper partition walls... I mean hello!? No one wants to see a wee-wee do the waa-waa as it woo-woos)- Refreshment booth was decent (I just grabbed a bottle of H2O)SEATING:- We were seated in the balcony in row A and right in the middle- I do agree with many Yelpers that the seats definitely had very little leg room (what!? some hobbit designed them?!) and with me standing at 5'10" and my BF at 6'3"... its was like Chinese Foot + Ankle + Knee binding... I mean my knees were almost by my ears and the only time they're there are... never mind!- THANK GOD no one had to go pee for if they had, I'd have asked them to use a bottle, pee into the audience below or just hold it all in and sing!AUDIO & VISUAL:- Since we were right in the middle of the theatre we got the best of audio and visual- Sound was amplified really well and the theater is done well for that- Great lighting effects all through (made me want to play light director for the show, but think that would shut down Rent faster than you can say "hoe")MISC:- Majority of the masses were tourist and out-of-town folks including three dudes sporting Harley Davidson jackets- Yes, the gays were out in full force as well... my clan! you love me! you actually love me!- The weird husband and wife couple who were wearing outfits made from the same fabric (Japanese pattern) were "interesting"- The girl behind us who would not stop clapping as she carried on a conversation over us and had a high pitch to her voice that could shatter diamonds... and she wondered why her friends ditched her last minute?!- Loved the exit to the right which led to a set of iron stairs going down to the street level... very NY!Nice musical, nice time, nice space, nice evening... what more could you ask for?
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2010,6/27/2010,4474,1400,23,22,19>The CHEAPEST buzz ever!!!Coming from the "Generation Broke", it's no surprise I'm buried in credit card debt despite having a decent paying job. The reason why? On the weekends, I generally spend $200-$250 on drinks alone. You know how it is....you and your friends take turns doing rounds and by the time you're buzzed you forget who's turn it is until the EOM when your CC bill gives you a gentle reminder with a middle finger. :X So, for someone like me, The Ambassador's $2 Tuesday's is a saving grace!$2 TUESDAY MENU*Well Cocktails (4 kinds) including Gordan's Gin, Svedka Vodka*Bottled beers (5 kinds ) including Heineken, Corona and  Bud*Beers on Tap (5 kinds ) including Anchor and Blue Moon*Small bites: sliders, fries, tator tots, and caesar salad (the kitchen was closed that night)STAFF: Everyone was friendly; to the non-power tripping bouncer (no cover) to the fast and efficient bartenders. The bartenders have a heavy hand, so if you like your drinks stiff, you will be a happy camper like I was. MUSIC: DJ spinning 90s R&B and Hip Hop w/ some Top 40s thrown in the mix.CROWD: The Ambassador's crowd changes dramatically as the night progresses. Before 11 PM, you get your spillage from HH; the more "stuffier" mature crowd. After 11 PM, it's very diverse; Hipsters, HKs, Retros,Yuppies, and the typical clubber. AMBIANCE:Swanky with it's dark brown leather booths and stools, red brick walls, granite bar table, and grand chandeliers...all very fitting for the "The Godfather" that was playing on the huge flat screen. When we arrived at 9 PM, it was pretty low-key and chill. However, once 11 PM rolled around, it got PACKED (elbow to elbow) as if it was a Saturday night.PARKING: Street parking can be hard to come by in the Tendernob. With some circling, you may be able to find something...but if you don't want the headache, there's lot parking on the same block for a $8 flat fee.  Suze Orman would be proud that I actually took something away from her "Young, Fabulous, and Broke" book; I can NOW budget...well, on a Tuesday night at least!
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2010,6/26/2010,541,99,20,29,29>Last night I finally went to Don Pistos, the new Mexican restaurant in North Beach. I had been to El Raigon once, the Argentinian restaurant that used to be located at the same spot. I'm SO happy with the substitution, and now know that I will come back many many times!My friend and I got there at around 8:30, and there were only a few people waiting for a table. We were able to sit at the bar right away, and met the owner, Pete, who is simply one of the most gracious man I have ever met. He was so patient and nice to my friend - who had had a little too much to drink before we got there - I couldn't be more grateful! I was sold right there!We started our drinks at the bar, but were soon seated at a table by the window. I have always been a big fan of the ambiance - brick walls, wood straight line tables and chairs, wood counter, dim light. Now they added fun Latin music, which only makes the whole experience more endearing!We started with the homemade chips, with tomatillo lime salsa and guacamole. We also ordered the ahi-tuna ceviche and the carne asada tacos. Everything was really simple, but super fresh and full of flavors! I think that's where the charm of the place resides! The ceviche was sort of tropical, with fresh diced mangoes and cilantro. The salsa and guacamole came in large bowls, for my pleasant surprise (LOOOVE big portions!!!). The carne asada tacos had some spice to them, but just enough to give it a nice kick. Everything was nicely complemented by their great - and somewhat spicy - sangria!I really enjoyed the classy design of the menu, the cozy and elegant ambiance, the beautiful food presentation, the freshness and quality of the ingredients, the flavorful dishes plus the attentive and warm service. I want to come back to try their 'tortas', which are their 'Mexican sandwiches', and also for their brunch, my favorite meal. Also I would actually rate it a 4.5, and would round it up to 5 if they offered more options on their menu. I hope they do soon! :-)
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2009,6/25/2010,566,414,26,30,26>First, let me just say.. I haven't gone swimming since I was on the SF Swim Team in middle school.. I haven't done laps since then either, and back in those days I did 13 continuous laps. I mean I got tired and slowed down, but they were continuous at least. And how do you forget how to do flip-turns? Argh.. FML! I gotta go practice by swimming up to the wall and trying again..Nowadays, I don't work out anymore. I felt like I needed to do something, and decided it would be swimming. North Beach Pool is super close to my work. On certain days the schedule is perfect, so I can go right after I'm done. Check schedule here: parks.sfgov.org/wcm_recp…So today was the day. Go get 'em, right? Well, no. More like I want to DIE. I got there before the doors opened for lap swim, so I waited outside. Slowly a small group formed and we were let in. The facility is very clean.  They've got changing stalls if you haven't got the towel coverage "slip-on-bra-undies-without-exposure" skillz, and lots of lockers. Bring your own lock of course. There were a lot less people than I would imagine, but it's perfect for lap swimming at your own pace. I immediately went into the slow lane, and decided to stay there. I knew that I didn't want to force myself too much, since it had been a while.There are two big pools, and no one bothered me about resting at the ends when I got tired. They had kickboards, weights, and various other things to use. Also the sauna is a great touch. I sat in there for a few minutes before hitting the showers. The people who come here to swim are super nice too. I'm going to keep coming back, though it may take me a while to recuperate. It's $4.00 per swim or $3.60 if you buy the 10pak of tickets online. Not too cheap, but definitely a great pool. But now I'm paying for it in more ways than one.. and dreading tomorrow.. X_____XBut wait a second... Does working out mean I can eat that It's It in the freezer????!*gumbyarms flail*
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2010,6/24/2010,3451,1617,18,23,23>Hello Happy Hour?! With drinks like these are prices like that, I'm not surprised that the Bliss Bar is a popular Happy Hour spot. I like it, because it's easy to get to and the drinks are quite good. I like drink menus, most of the time I have an idea of what I want, other times I like to try new drinks, the bar's special concoctions and maybe find my next favorite new drink. This bar has a large list to sip from.It seems small, but goes on for days. There are two areas that you can reserve for parties, without cost. My brother-in-law recently had his birthday party at Bliss and it was fun. The music was so 90's which was really cool and brought back memories as we watched the posse of Ladies Night females get down on the dance floor.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2010,6/23/2010,339,257,12,18,18>In my hand i hold a delicious Italian Chicken Breast Quesadilla, which is filled with thinly sliced Italian Chicken Breast with caramelized red onions, thyme, shitake mushrooms, and 3 different cheeses (Provolone, Mozzarella and Parmesan). After my first bite, the swirl of flavors were going thru my mouth and making me want more. I didn't want the flavor to go away but sadly it did after I om nom nom the rest of the remaining pieces :(. Originally I came here to check out their Froyo but noticed many reviews from friends saying that the food was really healthy but also had very good taste to it! Recently since January, I have wanted  to lose my body fat,  be alot healthier and to also tone my body till its ripped. Since then i haven't had any alcohol and I have changed my diet and my workout to match. Finding this place is awesome because the food is healthy and its yummy! Which makes it an even better place to eat at more often!Anyway back to my review, while i waited for my Quesadilla, I had an 8 ounce blueberry froyo with fresh lychee and mochi. I wouldn't say that there froyo is super good, it was a bit icy and not as tart as i was used. They have a weekly flavor besides original, which was booberry!I agree with Lolia on 3 stars for the froyo but i decided to give them 4 stars after tasting that Quesadilla.  I will be back for the healthy yummy food!
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2010,6/22/2010,210,42,52,52,52>Nobody ever sees me naked.  Seriously, in the 8 1/2 years I was married, I'm pretty sure my husband never once saw me completely unclothed. I'm modest like that. So, if someone had asked me what I was gonna do today, "hanging out with a bunch of naked Korean ladies" probably would've been the last thing on my list. I've always avoided these types of communal naked spas. Someone once told me that in Japan, people with tattoos aren't allowed into spas because tattoos are reserved for gangsters.  Pretty sure this must've changed in the past few years, cause I recently got back from a trip to Tokyo and there were tons of tattoo parlors. In fact, my assistant and I very seriously considered getting Hello Kitty tattoos on our butts. Anyways, this spa is Korean, not Japanese. However, my Korean in-laws never seemed too impressed with my ink, so, until recently, I'd always tried to keep the tattoos under wraps in polite Asian company.  I say "until recently" because over the past several years my collection of body art has grown to the point where it can no longer be concealed. Now, when Korean or Japanese people comment, I tell them - in America, it's a tradition that when your husband dies you cover your body in tattoos.  That's usually enough to shut folks up. Besides, it's pretty much true.  The tattoos are a physical expression of emotional scars. So, why the sudden interest in a communal naked spa? Driving through town today, I was suffering from major post-yoga soreness. I'm currently enrolled in a 200 hour ashtanga teacher certification program with a bunch of girls in their early 20's. The first day of training marked nearly 9 years since I'd taken an ashtanga class, and a good two since I'd practiced yoga. Sunday lessons last 8 hours and yesterday's left me feeling way older than 22. One of my teachers suggested this place for the acupressure massage.  Amongst other superlatives, the Koreans are known for their massages and full-body scrubs. Sold. The physical location of the spa leaves much to be desired - sandwiched between busy Geary Street and a KFC/Taco Bell combo, the feel is very LA strip mall. I paid $80 for a 1-hour acupressure massage.  This includes access to the communal baths and sauna. Nobody seemed shocked by my tattooed body.  In fact, all the older women smiled sweetly.  Nearly everyone was wrinkled and sagging and wore scars born of childbearing.  I fit right in. Ajima jumped on my back, pulled my hair, twisted and hit me. I have a high tolerance for pain and told her to "go for it" when she asked if I wanted it rough.  Her abuses took the hurt right out. The individually wrapped toothbrushes and thin spa robes (thick are the worst!!!) are a nice touch.  Minus one star for the less than stellar personal care products in the locker room.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2010,6/21/2010,396,209,15,20,19>Miette Confiserie is utterly lovely - exponential eye candy at the tip top of the scale. Like an impressionist painting mixed with sugar plum fairies, tutus, satin ribbons and pastel rainbows. It's pretty. Very, very pretty. They offer cotton candy in a "flavor of the day" (that's special). I chose a beautiful box of champagne gummies, BF made off with a pound (!!!) of rock candy. Macaroons abound with their circular seductiveness . I'm still miffed at myself for failing to try one of their gaspingly cute cupcakes. What was I thinking?It's sweet. It's delightful. Miette manages to limbo just under the threshold of cloying. Four fancy pants stars.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2010,6/20/2010,752,1357,18,23,22>Boy after writing so many 3 star reviews I feel almost bitter!Fortunately I did have some fantastic experience! Here we go.I am a complete coffee snob and on average have 6 different kinds of coffee beans at my work desk at work, and another 10 at home.And then-- I met my match!People at Philz pride themselves on their beans, their passion and no comparison of their uniqueness with every other commercialized coffee shops, not even BB.You walk in seeing other snobs with their laptops/netbooks or other invisible-wire devices, and a couple with a real book (no "feminine" iPad!!)Then you walk up, not to the registrar to get a coffee, but to get lost on the phenomenal chalkboard of coffee making styles. You look down, you will get even more lost because this is not a coffee shop, it is a mini-coffee bean world, my beloved bean world, but not a bean counter.I am almost in shock jaw-dropping when they said they have 33 different kind of beans!!!!! Their beans are uniquely crafted. I was so snobbish I could not pick up my iPhone to take a picture of it, because I had a distinct feeling the server would hate it. He probably would even be upset now that I am writing so much about it.So the sharp server looked at me intently, asking what kind of flavors I like after positively pointing out I have never been to a Philz, in which I replied dark roast, flavorful, non-earthy, full bodied. He gave me a much more approving look upon knowing I know my beans. He distinctly knew and picked Jacob's Wonderbar.Yes, he scooped the BEANS, grind-ed just for 1 cup, and dripped it individually. Since I like it darker, he put in more beans.The heaven-sent drink had the proper tiny foam bubbles at the top, in which I closed my eyes and enjoyed it in divine. The server then asked whether it was EXACTLY what and the way I wanted, whether I needed it stronger, a different flavor or any other improvement. In which I replied, it's a perfect Saturday afternoon drink. If you don't like the drink, they will make another one.Then I paid. The person, as I just looked at the website just now, I think is Phil?I was not in a coffee shop, I was in coffee heaven! Now we are really talking about coffee. And I am worshiping!I feel much better now with this 5 rock star review!
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2009,6/19/2010,832,255,13,19,16>House of Prime Rib truly has the art of a perfectly prepared cut of meat down to a science. Every cut is tender, juicy, bursting with flavor and cooked to perfection. Their service is outstanding, they're extremely attentive, friendly and really go out of their way to make you feel welcome. The chef even comes up to every table and personally introduces himself, nice touch!I knew I was in love once my server brought my dirty martini in my own personal shaker so I could refill my glass at my hearts desire (made for about 3 full glasses!!) I mean who likes waiting for their next cocktail?! They have a great space there on Van Ness with plenty of private rooms for any occasion. It's easy to get caught up in the whole experience from watching your server dress your salad from 5 feet up in the air. Besides their mouthwatering prime rib their sides are decent but nothing to write home about. The yorkshire pudding is extremely bland and is nothing but fat and carbs! The creamed spinach and corn are great compliments to the meat as is the baked potato (which is just your standard potato with the fixings). Still hungry after your first course? No problem they're happy to serve up another cut of meat cooked just the way you like it. (though I have yet to see anyone actually do this as this meal is anything but light!)
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2007,11/27/2007,533,452,4,25,17>INITIAL REVIEW FOR LUNCH ONLY-House Hamburger served with Bearnaise sauce and Fries! (AND may I add the B-sauce was a "haute" surprise- it was freshly made oozing with flavors of fresh eggs, tarragon and buttah)Mussels were fresh as a daisy- plump, fresh and au jus in classic Mariniere to die for!!Corn Soup- light , sweet , velvety smooth- perfect end for summer soup!!!PS- My friend and I were looking for parking and asked a lady getting out of her car where we could park.  She told us to head for the neighborhood behind the restaurant- and she was right!  We were seated to our table- and there she was- our waitress :-) Pleasant from beginning to end!  Thanks for the champagne recommendation too :-)UPDATE: 10/27/07THE DINNER EXPERIENCEThe menu  choices were superb- ranging from classic salads to foie gras (priced at $10-20 plates).  The main entree plates were as impressive catering to a predominantly meaty palate ($20-30).  My impression from this menu was that it incorporated something so simple and tasty and elevated it to another standard that can only be described as a 'Ratatouille Experience."  It seemed that every dish reminded me of an overwhelmingly pleasant and comforting experience and by the sheer taste alone reminded me of time,place and people.  This was my experience at Spruce.  Fasten your seat belt because its going to be a happy ride!To start off- I had the charcuterie plate- it arrived with the pleasant and demonstrative explanation of the server- whose job it was to engage me with the different pieces and their accompanying sauce.  It ranged from the obscure (beef tongue- peppery and tangy with a tepanade sauce) to the ubiquitous  rillette du porc (with whole mustard and petit cournichon).  One ofther choice worth mentioning was the chicken terrine and ham which came with a plum sauce reduction.  This starter plate was prepared and put together in a well thought out manner and certainly took me back in a town outside Avignon where  this charcuterie plate,  in its simplest robust  presentation (thick slices without sauces) enamored 8 hungry  students.  It was one of the best 'meals' I have ever experienced- this 'easy' presentation was no exception.  The beet salad- which arrived with fresh , crisp greens and dotted with diced sweet grilled beets.  The dressing was light with simple nuances of olive oil and sherry vinegar.For the main course dish- I had the pork loin and pork belly with beans, carrots and chards.  The meat was tender and flavorful basting in the roasting au jus reduction sauce that hightened the sweetness of the accompanying veggies.  The pork belly was splendidly crispy but had a transient oily taste as expected from such a rich dish-- it transported be back to my grandmother's suckling lechon: dark amber crispy skin on the outside with succulent and juicy meat in the inside.  It was  seasoned by simple condiments but endowed with attention and care- this dish, again was no exception.  The other course my  friend ordered was the Duck with Foie Gras.  I have to say given the richness of both these choices- it was just right for this plate.  By cutting out the extra fat, the lean duck lacked the fatty exponent so that the foie gras entirely complimented this entree.  I love this attention to detail and the cook simply used the reduction sauce to lightly pan sear it onto the meat.  This was probably one  of the most enjoyable duck dishes I've tasted in SF without the often rich and heavy taste of meat and sauce.So the review was originally for 4 stars- the gain of another 1 star is for the effortless compliment.  Their exceptional service and friendly staff makes this establishment a 5 star quality in itself.  PS- The hosts were attentive and accomodating. Sommelier was pleasant and informative, busers ensured our table was clean and filled our glasses AND the server who stopped by to say hi and remember my last meal~ simply AMAZING!  Oh speaking of amazing- the beignets were Cafe du Monde quality-except maybe the next time I order it request powdered sugar ;-)
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2007,11/26/2007,140,45,24,19,26>Yes I KNOW Noah's is a money grubbing, private business bankrupting, corporate chain. I also know that it's on the same block as a Starbucks, Walgreens, Pure Beauty and a Baby Gap. But hey, this is Laurel Heights- you want unique and fiercely independent cafes, go back to the Mission. In Glorious Laurel Heights, you're more likely to be struck by a wayward stroller than a fixie bike. I digress.I like Noah's. It's my hangover go-to when my wallet is near-empty and my window of sobriety is closing quickly. (Read: I'm broke from a drink-a-thon the night before and I need a quick refuel before starting the process all over again.)I'm a big fan of the Spinach, Mushroom and Swiss Egg Mit (sandwich) on a Roasted Red Pepper bagel. And in my confused, delusional, morning-after state, I have no problems convincing myself that it's totally healthy. (The veggies cancel out all calories.)AND unlike a certain independent bagel store *cough cough, see review below if you're on my page* the employees are super friendly. No non-Jew guilt here. And they have bacon.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2007,11/25/2007,902,420,35,59,36>home to a chef that as nobu refers as having "magic hands" and being in the mood for some sushi..i made my way here to share in the Okina experience (and complete the "magic hands" sushi tour- Murasaki, Ino, Okina-- nobu-san, honma arigatou!!)luckily, we came in at the time we did as there were reservation placards on every table except for two spots at the bar.  there are about 16 seats total so making a reservation is recommended.  the space is beautifully crafted with simple design and openness to allow interaction with the chef from every seat.  i loved being served directly on the surface of the bar as it boldly signals to the pride they take in cleanliness and "no frills" approach.we started with the omokase (2 nigiri per order)* hamachi- butter baby* maguro- simple perfection* toro- see basi l's review* kanpachi- so fresh i felt like i tasted the water it once swam in* iwashi- first time experience and was blown away by the distinctive flavorthen followed up...* maguro* toro* iwashi* tamago* amaebi* ika* uni* unagii can tell this is Kansai place as the unagi was unbelievable.  i haven't had an unagi party in my mouth like this since being at an unagi specialty shop in tanabe.is was in sheer bliss as the price for all this and a large beer was less than $70!!!  two times more fish than i ate at Ino and at half the price!  i was floored.  the quality eats, atmosphere and service is sooo good.if you are a round eye (euge l. tm) and refuse to click useful because you don't know what i ordered stop crying...en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Li…
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2007,11/24/2007,608,608,30,32,33>OH.MY.GAWWWWWWWWWWWWWD.For all you Mathletes and brainiacs out there, let me put it this way:Sugar Sweet Sunshine Bakery : cupcakesBob's Donut & Pastry Shop : donutsIn other words, go there. NOW. (Or forever hold your peace.)P.S.: [another blatant attempt at garnering some U votes of the U/F/C] Go beginning around 11PM and you will get them HOT off the press. Because they're open 24 HOURS. Yesssss! That is the sound of the New York in me, pumping my fist in the air as I revel in the fact that I found a 24 hour place in the city! And, trust me, if you haven't seen your own donut bobbing in a vat of maple glaze at midnight immediately prior to your consumption of said donut, your life is not yet complete. And we wouldn't want that, would we? [/another blatant attempt at garnering some U votes of the U/F/C]
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2007,11/23/2007,352,193,7,43,9>The BEST sushi I've had in a long time, and cheap (or reasonable).  I went there on Sunday, and the service was excellent, the staff accommodating.  They're all Chinese people pretending to be Japanese.  When customers come in, they scream out, "sumemasen."I was such the pork.I've started Weight Watchers so I was going to be good.  At first, I ordered the Tekka Maki (3.50), the Kappa Maki (2.95), and a California Roll without mayonnaise.  They told me they couldn't do a California roll without mayonnaise because they had the mayo mixed in with the imitation crab already.  (That sort of irked me.)So I ordered the Rock 'n Roll--Eel with Avocado (4.95).I made the mistake of ordering a large saki (4.95).I was having such a heavenly sushi experience that I said, what the hell, and ordered the Dragon Roll--Eel, Avocado, and Shrimp tempura (8.95) and a Lion King Roll--Imitation Crab, Avocado roll topped with salmon and a special sauce (11.95).I ended up taking most of the Dragon Roll and Lion King Roll home.  I was expecting 6 pieces but the rolls were long!  I was so embarrassed when the rolls arrived.  They must have thought, wow, can she eat all that...my goodness.The good thing is that I spent about $43 (without tip) for all that!!!I can't imagine going anywhere else and getting such great sushi, never mind the great price.For WW people, I checked up some of the general points for sushi.(I guess I blew my points off the scale that day, but oh well... I had a good experience that was worth it, and there's always next week.)Most people don't know there are fattening things hiding in sushi (like soft shell crab [fried crab], tempura [batter fried fatfest], mayonnaise, cream cheese, various oils, and dynamite [baked in a sea of gooey mayo]). (From hungry-girl.com/girls/bi…)  If love sushi, save up those extra weekly alloted points!!! Even though the special rolls may be caloric, they're to die for.  I guess the best thing to do is to go with a lot of friends that aren't on a diet so you could partake of sushi heaven.Just in case anyone is interested and want to make choices for their dietary needs:Sushi Calories(From peertrainer.com/DFcalori…)Spicy Tuna Roll: 290 calories, 11 grams of fat per serving (about 6 pieces, 1 roll)Avocado Roll: 246 calories, 11 grams of fat, per servingCalifornia Roll: 266 calories per serving (1 roll)  Must be the mayo!Hamachi Sashimi: 41 calories per 1 oz , 1.5 grams of fatSalmon Sashimi: 164 calories, 6 grams of fat, 4 points, per 2-piece servingYellowtail Sashimi: 31 calories in a 1 oz serving, .3 grams of fatShrimp Tempura Roll: 544 calories per serving (1 roll), 13 grams of fatSpider Roll: 317 calories per serving (6 pieces), 12 grams of fatTuna roll (tekka maki): 23 calories per 1 piece (.7 oz), 0 grams of fat Spicy Mayo sushi: 99 calories, 11 grams of fat per tablespoonTuna Sashimi: 61 calories, 4.2 grams of fat per one 3 oz pieceFrom sushifaq.com/sushi-calor…Item                                      Calories per roll         Fat grams per roll Avocado Roll                                 140                          5.7 California Roll                              255                           7 Kappa Maki (cucumber roll)      136                           0.0 Spicy Tuna Roll                            290                         11 Shrimp Tempura Roll                 508                         21 Salmon & Avocado Roll             304                            8.7 Tuna (maguro) roll                      184                            2.0  Uangi (eel) and avocado roll     372                         17 Sashimi Item English Calories per oz /Fat grams per ozAmaebi  Sweet shrimp  30/0.5Anago  Conger eel   67/4.2Awabi  Abalone  30/ 0.2Buri  Yellowtail    41/1.5Hamachi  Young yellowtail    41/1.5Hirame  Flounder    26/0.3Hokkigai Surf Clam    42 /0.6Hotategai  Giant scallop   26/0.2Ika  Squid         26/0.4Ikura  Salmon roe    19/ 0.9Iwashi  Sardine      59 /3.3Kani  King Crab     24 /0.2Katsuo  Skipjack, Bonito  29/0.3Kisu  Whiting  24/0.4Kohada  Gizzard shad  19/3.9Maguro Tuna (Bluefin) 19/1.4Mirugai  Geoduck  20/0.3Saba  Mackerel  58/3.9Sake  Salmon (Farmed) 52/3.1Sake  Salmon (wild) 40/1.8Shiro Maguro White Tuna (Albacore) 49/2.1Shirauo  Whitefish  21/1.7Suzuki  Sea bass  22/0.6Tai  Red sea bream, Red snapper  22/0.4Tako  Octopus  46/0.6Uni  Sea urchin  34/1.1For a nigiri sushi item, just add 30 calories, nominal
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2007,11/22/2007,440,185,41,30,24>You know how spa packages always sound so serene and luxurious?  Hot stone massage with soothing kelp body wrap and illuminating facial ... or something like that.This is what should written be on the spa menu at Imperial:-----Startling dousing with water from plastic bucket, vigorous scrubbing with brillow-pad-like mit to rid entire body of all evil dirt, full body massage with target brand baby oil, cover face with ground cucmber, wash hair, squirt mystery white liquid all over you, douse with more water from plastic bucket.-----Sure, you're stark naked, lying in a communal room on a vinyl covered cot, and the 50-year old Korean woman working on you is wearing black lace underwear (really, plain black lycra was sold out?), but I'm actually considering going back.  Sadistic? No.  Pervy?  Please.  But I felt fantastic afterwards and my skin was soft as a baby's behind.  No, softer.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2007,11/21/2007,84,199,53,38,29>Yes, I'm a guy, and I'm reviewing the Bar Method.  Disclaimer:  There is no WAY I would have gone to a BM class, were it not for the fact that Noelle Q. bet me that the BM would be harder than I thought it would be.  I mean, Marina girls, Lululemon pants, huge engagement rings...this wasn't for me.  But I'm a good sport, so I went one Sunday morning.So I show up and there are 14 Lululemon-clad women in the lobby plus two Pomeranians -- an interesting start.  I went into the studio and the instructor, Kate, introduced herself to me.  She had on a headset and I was freaking out.  What was this?  Jazzercise?  Step aerobics?  I went over to the weight rack, which consisted of weights ranging from 1 to 10 pounds.  I mean, come on now.  Seriously.But you know what?  It was pretty tough.  The BM is all about tiny movements with little weight, repeated over and over.  Put that together with having to maintain some fairly difficult positions for what seems like an interminable period of time, and it hurts.  My legs were shaking pretty violently on more than one occasion.  The class finished with some core exercises that certainly felt like they were working.  So, yes, it was harder than I thought it would be.Note: guys are required to wear long pants because otherwise your package will be on display to the entire class during a number of the exercises.Now, I don't know how effective this is, but if you looked around the studio, the results speak for themselves.  All the women were toned and really flexible.  Meanwhile, I was struggling to get my leg up onto the frigging bar.  But if you're a woman who wants to get toned but not bulky, this seems like a pretty good option.  And if you're a man who wants to increase his flexibility, this is a good (albeit humbling) way to do it.So it may be expensive, and it probably isn't as effective for men who want strength, not tone, but the staff was really nice and I was left pretty tired by the end of class.  My quads were shot for a day.  I don't know that I'd go back because I prefer working out outside, but I might check it out again.  Also, for guys, the eye candy is a little distracting when you should be working out.And it's completely cliche to have a crush on a fitness instructor, but I now have a total crush on the instructor, Kate.  Crush aside, she really was the best part of the class, correcting my form on a number of occasions when I was doing something wrong, but not making me feel like an idiot.  If you're going to check out the class, I would certainly sign up for one of hers.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2007,11/20/2007,21,140,17,15,17>In anticipation of dinner at Salt House on a Saturday night, not only did I brush my teeth, I also washed my hair.  Now maybe you're thinking "wait, you're proud of performing basic acts of hygiene?"  Well, being that I'm currently in the middle of the seventh layer of Hell known as "law school finals," yes, bathing IS a major accomplishment.  As is changing out of my pajamas, eating solid food, and managing to talk to my neighbors in anything other than grunts.  My inability to function in normal society isn't the point, though. Salt House made showering worth it.  Sure, it probably helped that I had a hot date, but the food was delicious (salted caramel fudge bar for dessert? Swoon!), and we were able to take our time at the table without feeling rushed.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2007,11/19/2007,0,0,29,17,22>How much kim chee is too much kim chee?  I really need to know because I ate, by myself, almost the entire half gallon I bought at Woo Ri Market and it's been less than three days.  Is anyone else besides me, impressed by that? Hmm... Probably not, but I thought I'd just throw that one out there.  Word of advice: At Woo Ri Market, it pays to be adventurous and to be flexible.  Don't have a strict game plan to follow when you go there, that just spoils the fun.  So what if alot of the products don't have descriptive labels or even prices on them?  Does the notion of that intimidate you?  What are you, a punk?  I thought you were a big baller, shot-caller?  Hell, I just strolled up in the joint like a regular and did a quick survey of all the aisles.  Hit the dried products section and scored some spicy, dried cuttlefish, ($7-$8), cruised on over to the frozen foods section and grabbed a huge bag of leek dumplings ($9), deftly manuevered my way over to the refrigerator for a jug o' kim chee ($7), and sauntered on over to the cold foods bin for what I thought was some type of sticky rice dessert.  Brought all my items to the counter and the man rang me up, wrapped up my kim chee in an extra plastic bag so that it wouldn't leak, and double-bagged my items, without me asking.  I almost fell out in the store, but played it off like "Yeah, that's how I'm used to being treated all the time."Now, here's where the fun part comes in.  When I got back to the office, I found out my "sticky rice dessert" wasn't that, but turned out to be minced garlic instead.  Now when I discovered my mistake did I cuss myself out for being stupid?  Nah, man...  I just smiled and thought to myself, "Cool...  Now, I don't have to cut up my own garlic and have my fingernails and hands smelling like it for the next two or three days."    Just pay a visit to Woo Ri Market yourself and you'll see that alot of the things that used to piss you off, just doesn't bother you anymore.  Your outlook on life will vastly improve.  You will feel more positive and rejuvenated: food tastes better, the days seems brighter, air smells fresher, your boss seems like less of an ass&**#....Or, maybe it's just all the kim chee, I'm eating...  Some intelligent sounding jibber-jabber that I stole off a website: "Studies have shown that, yes, eating spicy food is addicting. What happens after eating something hot, is your body nerves feel pain. These pain signals are immediately transmitted to your brain. Your brain interprets this signal and automatically releases endorphins (the body's natural pain killer). The endorphins kick in and act as a pain killer and create this temporary feeling of euphoria. Hot and spicy food lovers soon begin to crave this feeling and are hooked!Translation.....KIM CHEE = HAPPINESS
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/19/2007,11/18/2007,2747,1075,25,24,30>I've been riding and walking past this place for four years, and I've always wanted to eat here some day.  Tonight I dropped in for happy hour, thanks to Matt H's rallying cry.  I felt a little uneasy, and I left.  Upon reflection, I realized the main thing wrong was that my head was still at work, and I hadn't gotten happy yet.  So back in I went.  The dining area was empty, but the bar was full.  It was a little crowded, and a little static.  I had to squeeze between tables and the bar to get to the back lounge area, where everyone was happily not hearing each other.  But wait, it got better.  Sitting down changed my perspective a lot.  My face was close to someone else's, and we could talk!  The drinks were cheap; $3 for a rum & Coke during happy hour, and $4 afterwards.  The conversation was great, because great people were there to talk.  The scenery was first-class; some people almost grew eye extensions to see what other people were wearing.  Someone shared some calamari, which was delicious as calamari always is, and one of the ladies present was talking like a sailor.  Somehow, when I'm munching on squid and listening to a lady talk like a squid, it all comes together.  I still want to eat here some day.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2011,1/4/2012,2537,1207,13,20,19>************************** 511 ***************************            At 2 in the morning, when you have enough drinks for the night, My Canh is the place we come for some comfort noodle soup and yummy food.- Banh Canh - Vietnamese thick clear noodle soup  with Dungeness crab, pork, onion, cilantro, serves with beansprout, lime, and chili - the best in town!- Mi Kho - egg noodle dry with a bowl of soup serves on the side, pork, shrimp, and  much more love.- Bo` Tai' Chanh - Vietnamese Beef Carpaccio with Lemon - so good here!- Bun' Thit Nuong -  Vietnamese rice vermicelli mixed with fresh vegetables, mix sauce, and topped with grilled pork, peanuts.- Cha~ Gio` -Vietnamese egg rolls - also very good here.         If you don't mind the Asian crews (gangsta, OG and the-look-alike), it's a good place to come. Be aware that none of the chairs or tables are matching, but you will be lucky to score a table to sit down at the wee hours.         Service is quick and efficient here. I love the people that work here, they are just nice folks staying up late to serve me the authentic food that I grow up with, always with smiles on their faces.          I've been a fan here for 5 years!
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,1/3/2012,608,477,15,21,21>JACKPOT!! This is definitely what the Sunset District needs -- a cute (and delicious) mom & pop bake shop. I came here two times over the weekend and never failed to order these two items:1. Breakfast sandwich ($5) -- fluffy eggs, melted cheese and crispy bacon on a thin homemade biscuit2. Doughnut muffin ($2) -- baked (so its healthier, haha) muffin shaped doughnut covered in sugar and cinnamonDevil's Teeth also has beignets on Sundays for a dollar! That's dirt cheap. We ordered two beignets and they were given to us in a paper bag with tons of powdered sugar in them. I guess the idea is to shake it up so you get an even coating of powdered sugar all over your greasy fried beignet. The first batch we received was wayyy undercooked but the owner was super apologetic and she swaped them out for us real quick.I was fortunate enough to meet the owner (and their cute daughters!) over the weekend and was informed that they're working on getting chairs/tables for the sidewalk. They also want to put out sidewalk chalk for the neighborhood kids to draw all over the cement. Definitely a cute and acceptable idea for the Sunset District.This place will definitely be my default breakfast place for the weekends since it's so close to mi casa.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2011,1/2/2012,935,1053,15,20,19>I saved review #1,000 for my favorite new restaurant in the city - Leopold's. I've been to Leopold's at least 6 times, for everything from a beer and pretzel at the bar to a family dinner with a large party to a date (or two or three) and have yet to leave disappointed.From the moment you walk in the door you are treated like family by Klaus and the rest of the front of house. Please note: If you don't get there early, you will be waiting. Hell, you could get there early and still have a wait, that's just a testament to how good the food and beer is and how the menu is so reasonably priced. I have so many favorites on the menu it's hard for me to list them all...but you can't go wrong with the meat plate, the schnitzel, the pork plate, the short ribs. As you can tell from my favorites, the menu is very meat intensive. Great for me, not so great for my veggie friends. Hey, at least they can drown their sorrows in a 2 liter boot or 5 liter stein of beer!I'm lucky that I live a block away from Leopold's and can pop in whenever the mood strikes...look for me at the end of the bar, tucking into some pork trotters and washing it down with an ice cold Stiegl.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2011,1/1/2012,1161,402,13,21,18>Gimme some spaghetti with those meatballs!!I usually avoid dining at any restaurant's associated with the word "shack" but I assure you that the inside of Emmy's Spaghetti Shack, though dim and Christmas lights lined, is a whole lot cuter than a "shack". I loved all the aprons hanging from the ceiling and the photos on the walls!The menu is limited-- so if you're not really in the mood for spaghetti and meatballs then this isn't your spot. But then again, why go to a spaghetti shack if you're not craving it!! Eva W., Emmett L and Mr. W and I started off with some garlic bread and ahi tuna ceviche followed by four orders of spaghetti with meatballs. As you can tell, variety was the theme for the night. :)Garlic bread- very garlicy and crispy.Ahi tuna ceviche with wonton crisps- wish there were more wonton crisps that came with it! The ahi tuna was a little spicy for my taste but nonetheless, it was delicious.Spaghetti with meatballs-- you will not be disappointed!! Three huge meatballs topped with some spaghetti- the meatballs are to die for. Three perfectly tendered and flavorful meatballs, might I add.My only complaint about Emmy's is the hostess was a bit catty. She made us wait 15 minutes before seating us to our table (which was empty) "for timing purposes". I guess I wouldn't have minded had she explained to me what those timing purposes were but she didn't. She wasn't exactly very friendly at all. Luckily, the other waitress with the glasses was super sweet. They made a mistake with our spaghetti and meatballs, two of us got ours about 15 minutes before the other two, so she comped our drinks to make up for it!I can't wait to come back for more! If you're planning on checking out Emmy's Spaghetti Shack, make sure you come early. They have limited seating and it gets super crowded!
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2011,12/31/2011,323,110,13,14,15>My friend and I decided to meet here to battle the rainy cold weather with some warm soup.  I was not expecting anything from this place because I just think that any eateries in a mall or shopping center would not be good. Surprise!!!  This was actually not bad.  It's not Ramen Dojo or Himawari quality but it was wallet friendly.  The Spiral ramen - pork, shrimp, bamboo shoots, enoki mushroom, egg, chicken karage, seaweed was warm and good.  Nothing to complain about when it was only $10  (yelp.com/biz_photos/JoON…)I also had the cherry blossom sushi roll - salmon with avocado and tuna on top.  Surprisingly fresh and tasty.  This roll was also around $10.  Not a bad deal.       (yelp.com/biz_photos/JoON…) I'll go back if I'm ever in the area and craving for ramen.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2011,12/30/2011,655,244,18,26,24>I've eaten at Super Duper for three days STRAIGHT and quite possibly going onto a fourth time later today. I don't think I've done that at any place in the world besides my own house! As much as I love Sushi Zone, the wait is way too long for even twice in the same week. Txoko is my new favorite "formal" sit down restaurant but it's pricey and parking is horrible. Super Duper is cheap, right in my neighborhood and is the best burger I've ever EVER had.Sorry to In-N-Out, Burger Bar, Umami, Bradley Ogden, McDonald's, Pearl's Deluxe, Hall of Flame, Burger King, Jenny's, White Castle, Shake Shack, etc. you guys just don't compare. Yes, I've eaten a lot of burgers and those are just to name a few.I was actually not impressed the first time I ate at Super Duper but this was when they first opened. Since then, they've redone the recipe for the hamburgers and bless them for it because it is now not only SUPER DUPER juicy, but has just enough grease to make the delicious beef flavor linger in your mouth. It's a hot mess with special sauce AND melted cheddar cheese dripping down. The toasted bun and accompanying lettuce, grilled onions and tomatoes are fresh and play wonderful supporting roles. You never think wtf there's too much lettuce, I can't taste the meat! Fries are amazing too and I'm not just saying that because I love their burgers so much. They're thin cut with the skins left on and always hot and fresh. You need to get an organic soft serve Straus vanilla cone after your meal. Coming from an "ice cream over soft serve" kinda gal, this says a lot. They're also open until 11PM EVERYDAY. And if all that wasn't enough, everything they serve the food with is COMPOSTABLE! YAY for being good to the costumers AND to mother earth. I LOVE YOU SUPER DUPER! You know this is for real because I haven't used this many caps in a long time.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2011,12/29/2011,339,257,14,19,15>PAIN is goood!!!! Yaaaa buddy!  PAIN! PAIN! PAIN! I recently came with my good buddy Cassie J to get my first Traditional Thai massage,my body was in dire need of one. It felt like i had been tossed into a washing machine with an extra long wash cycle!! ugh. Anyone that knows me well knows that I have very intense weight training based workouts. My body was ready for something more than a typical Swedish or deep tissue massage which i am used to. While they do relax you and workout the kinks. I needed more. What did i need? MORE PAIN!!!! YES BRING IT, I am ready!!!When you enter the massage area, you are brought to an area with a floor mat and pillow and expected to change into a loose t-shirt and pants.   BE WARNED a Thai massage is not for people who can't take some degree f pain. Not only do they walk on your back but they utilize many different parts of their bodies to stretch and workout your kinks. I guess i am a sucker for PAIN ;) I loved it hahaha. I would definitely recommend this place to Athletes and people that workout constantly especially if you have sore muscles and need your body stretched to the max. I can't wait to go back next month
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2011,12/28/2011,1071,453,17,19,16>As a health conscious Yelper I always try to stick to the four food groups.  Fried Rice, Spam, Egg, and beef.  So I was very happy today when I arrived at HRD Coffee Shop, to find that they were able to make a remix of their regular menu so I could cover my basic food groups.Looking at the menu, this family run business came up with a lot of delicious creations that folks love to eat.  Appetizing, savory, and  hearty.  It was a tough decision but here's what I ordered:Crunchy Roll Special Fried Rice and Loco Moco combo.  It really was too much of a good thing.  The fried rice had spicy pork, spam, along with mother and child, chicken & eggs.  I asked for the Loco Moco patty to be thrown on top as if the rest wasn't enough.  I definitely will be back to try other items on the menu...How would I describe HRD?  It's much more than a coffee shop.  It's what makes San Francisco the coolest city in the world and displays the melting pot it is.  They put American, Mexican, Korean, Chinese, etc, and they took the best of each culture to show the diversity of the City we live in.  Just like the South  took styles from many different cultures/cuisines to create gumbo.  HRD is our "Gumbo".
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2011,12/26/2011,2145,704,17,22,18>One of my favorite places for weekend brunches. While the food does not compare to those long-waits brunch places within the City, it is definitely better than any of the breakfast chains...much better.If you're tired on a weekend morning for whatever reasons, the Hangover will help you recover stat. It is my favorite item since his has jalapenos. As long as you're not stuffed, split a short stack Swedish pancake w/lingonberry butter. These are worth their pricing. Their juices and coffees are dependable.The place has a lot of seating so expect lots of groups - more than two that's for sure. As a result, it gets crowded but as the morning drags on you'll see the pairs and couples come in (you can imagine why this is so, hah!). There is an adjacent bar so you can ask to be sat there instead. That bar is filled with 49ers fans on gameday is a plus. Still, the customer turnover is quick and you don't have to wait long for a table.Note dinner is average, lots of pub fare, not great but not bad either.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2011,12/25/2011,1289,809,19,24,17>You know those times when you try to negate major calories by adding on a salad or like an all-natural no-sugar-added juice?  Just to feel a wee bit less like a fatty.Sara P. and I decided that it was a miracle that the two of us are not severely overweight.  I'm like that fat kid whose face is so fat that my eyes are forced into a default squint.. on the inside.  Good thing I run like my life depends on it.  Oh wait, it does.After lunch on an extra warm day, we headed over to Embarcadero 4 to check out Yogorino.  FYI, it's not on Drumm St.; it's at the edge of Justin Hermann Plaza.  There were a few people in line ahead of us.The place seems to not make very good use of the space, as we had to shuffle around others at the register.  However, the service was very nice and friendly, and they explained to us what exactly we would be ingesting.  Basically it's just an Italian yogurt (yes, just one flavor) with all the healthy stuff like probiotics and such to make you feel less like a glutton.Mini is $3.50, then the price goes up $1 per size.  Toppings are sort of limited to fruit, random candies (instead of M&Ms they're "chocolate rocks") and syrups like hazelnut and chocolate.Not knowing what to expect (I was thinking it'd be more like the standard tart froyo), I just decided to get strawberries as my topping since it comes with one freebie.  The yogurt tastes almost like a less sweet Cool Whip, but with a thick and creamy texture.  It's not tart at all, so if that's what you like, stick to Yoppi.  But I actually was pleasantly surprised and definitely prefer this slightly sweet froyo to any other yogurts I've had.  It's not vanilla.  The best way I can describe it is that it's the lovechild of a marshmellow and yogurt.Even though it's sweeter than tart froyo, I don't think I'd want to get any of the syrups or the candies when it's warm out.  The sweet strawberries were the perfect topping, especially on a hot day.Sort of expensive for how much you get.  4.5 stars rounded up for the deliciousness of this new yogurt.My inner fat kid is happy.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2010,3/28/2011,1567,497,27,28,30>I blow my money on coffee, clothing, and lame but addictive online coupon offers.  Sightglass Coffee is more frugal with their money.  Probably because they don't have Daddy issues and feel an intense need for retail therapy. After months of watching Sightglass sink money into their SoMa space (think construction in the back behind sheets + buying an iPad that accepts debit card payments), they've finally made a major revenue breakthrough.This morning, my coffee was ground from the first batch of official Sightglass beans!  Which, I suspect, means they get to stop using beans bought from external bean roasters.  And....... the coffee was great.Their cappuccinos call into question my Blue Bottle habitI've yet to make my final decision, so I'll continue to squander my boyfriend's money on Sightglass and Blue Bottle.  But, shhhhhh, my loyalty can be swayed if you open up that big beautiful showroom hiding behind Sheet #1.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,3/27/2011,393,333,23,16,19>Ummm wow. My fat ass followed some of the notoriously famous food carts via twitter, but I had no idea that this "#OFFTHEGRID" I heard so much about for the past few weeks was such a big deal...Rounding the corner into Fort Mason, I had to do a triple take. 'Hella people' would be a severe understatement. Think about yo mama, her cousin, his wife, her nephew, and his baby mama....sitting in a circle all eating different foods while everyone else you've never met in SF is  in what can be described as a metal UFC ring. Not ultimate fighting...ultimate food cart! Dozens of trucks lined up in a circle encasing all of the SF foodies looking for some good, cheap eats, on a Friday night.I wouldn't say cancel your dinner plans to come here, but if you find yourself in the area (or abouts), its worth checking out. For those of you who are not totally-trendy-2010, let me break it down with analogies you might understand before you miss the boat:           cookies (out) : cupcakes (in)           ice cream (out) : froyo (in)           mexican tacos (out) : korean bbq tacos (in)           jamba juice (out) : acai bowls (in)           zagat (out) : yelp (in)                      and now recession buster!!           ...........................................           overpriced forgettable restaurant paying city premiums           thus the expensive food with nothing to write home           about (out) : food carts (in)Quick! before they outlaw food carts due to health policy, raise their prices for taco truck unions, or simply stop continuing to strive to please the food cart foodie culture....check it out.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2010,3/26/2011,444,525,20,22,23>Who likes to have fun with their Coworkers? I do!! yesterday a group of members from my team planned a team building event @ Presidio Bowl. I haven't been here in years and reliving the moments brought back some fond memories. The bowling alley was closed off to the public, and reserved to cater to us for 3.5 hrs of fun! They have about 12 lanes, a variety of colored bowling balls weighing 6-16pounds, a cool video arcade station, a jukebox that had old-school to new school songs, a bar and lots of food. I loved when we walked in, they had chips and salsa/gucamole set up at each station.. you know I was hungry right? LOL For food service, they prepared us a variety of pizzas, fried chicken wings, fried zucchini, mini corn dogs, veggie platters, fruit platters, and assorted cookies for desserts. Results-A-OK For drinks, we ordered bottles of Pinot & Chardonnay, not the best kind but the cheap kind hahaha the rest of the folks kept taking shots at the bar. Alcohol = HAPPY PEOPLE ;) As for bowling, I suck! HAAH it's okay right? I just need practice, what a great way to come together and let loose!! *DEAL BREAKER* Sundays they have All you can Eat Pizza from 5-8p or 8-11p for $20.00 and that's unlimited bowling for 3hrs.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2010,3/25/2011,427,329,16,18,18>This past weekend, I had the pleasure of dining here for brunch for my best gal's birthday.  Nob Hill Grille is a cute little neighborhood spot on the corner of Hyde and Pine Streets.  From the outside, this spot looks a bit "diner-ish" but upon entering, we were quickly seated in the back downstairs dining area.  The entire restaurant has a very "close for comfort" feel to it with the limited seating areas.  I wouldn't recommend Nob Hill Grille for large groups.  yelp.com/biz_photos/YTXa…Shannon and I both started off our brunch with a mimosa while we glanced at the menu.  yelp.com/biz_photos/YTXa…I had my eyes set on giving the Breakfast Sliders a try, since I'd read so much about them prior to dining.  So Sliders it was.  The dish comes with 3 sliders, of sausage patty, cheese, and eggs on a brioche bun; and a side of home fries.  Definitely not a bad deal for 11 bucks.  For the most part, I felt that the sliders were pretty standard.  I enjoyed the sweet Brioche buns which were warm and soft.  But I thought there was a bit too much eggs.   They were light and fluffy and not over cooked, but they definitely stole the attention a little.  It was hard to eat the sliders without having much of the eggs sliding out with each bite.  They definitely could've done with half as much eggs used.  yelp.com/biz_photos/YTXa…yelp.com/biz_photos/YTXa… My BFF ordered a Create Your Own Omelet of Avocado and Mushrooms which also came with home fires and a side of toast.  yelp.com/biz_photos/YTXa…Dining here for brunch was definitely a very relaxing time, I didn't feel that rushed feeling that I often get when weekend brunching.  But Nob Hill Grille doesn't rush you and I often spotted folks reading their weekend newspapers.  Service was friendly and efficient. Overall, great neighborhood brunch spot, and I would likely be back to try other brunch dishes.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2010,3/24/2011,304,690,21,29,24>Happy Hour~Monday - Friday. 3pm - 6:30pm. At the Quiver Bar upstairs.$3-7 Appetizers, $5 Wine, $3 Beer, $3-7 CocktailsMenu: yelp.com/biz_photos/2Dih…I saw some not-so-good reviews about the happy hour here, but our experience was the opposite. We had a great time! It was a beautiful day and the patio had the perfect view of the bay. We sat inside the Quiver Bar. It has a very masculine feel to it. Dark, heavy in wood and leather. I imagine myself sinking into one of those leather sofas and smoking a cigar with the boys.We ordered all the appetizers on the menu to share.Herb Crusted Breadsticks (yelp.com/biz_photos/2Dih…): Served with marinara dipping sauce. The breadsticks were simple. But the herb crust provided much crunch and the marinara was tasty.Crispy Potato Curls (yelp.com/biz_photos/2Dih…): It may not look much. But tossed with parmesan, truffle oil, thyme, rosemary and sage, these curls were so tasty and addicting. Those who enjoy crispy fries would love this. We got 2 more orders of this.Chicken Drummettes (yelp.com/biz_photos/2Dih…): Smothered in honey chipotle sauce, these wings were spicy and finger-licking good. Didn't try the jicama slaw.Marinated Olive Salad (yelp.com/biz_photos/2Dih…): Like most people, we were not impressed with this bowl-of-olives salad. It was a bit weird to have crostinis since the olives were not pitted, and our added the anchovies were served on a separate plate. Didn't understand this dish at all.Our bartender had a heavy hand, since our drinks were ohlala strong!Dark & Stormy (yelp.com/biz_photos/2Dih…): Rum, ginger beer and lime. It's got a punch! Definitely a man's drink.Paradise Lost (yelp.com/biz_photos/2Dih…): Vodka, orange, lemon and Sprite. It's got a nice tropical taste. Fizzy and tasty!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2011,3/23/2011,992,1060,28,37,38>There's a giant National Geographic world map hanging on one of my closet doors. Every night when I brush my teeth, I look at it for a full two minutes (as required to let the fluoride in the toothpaste fully absorb), traveling visually through the shapes of countries and names of remote places. With a quick sideways glance, I leap from the Isla de los Estados in South America to Boosaaso, a port city along Africa's eastern coast, while along the way marveling at how the epic Trojan War was centered in that tiny little blot known as the Aegean. My favorite destination, however, is the Mediterranean. From Lebanon to the Pillars of Hercules, it housed some of the greatest civilizations of the ancient world. More importantly, it offers many of the world's most robust and savory cuisines.Zaré at Fly Trap offers a culinary vacation of the entire Mediterranean coast. From Southern French and Italian to Moroccan and hints of the Middle East, the exoticism of their food (and drink) menu is wholly compelling. I ordered the Sumac Couscous Salad and it came piled with crab and dusted with delicious herbs. My friends' entrées were even more impressive, and their portions well justified the prices. Service was fantastic (Chef Zaré even came by to see if things were alright), the drinks were delicious and we all left feeling as if we had experienced something a little more than just food... like dining out but a damn lot further.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,3/22/2011,375,177,27,26,27>I hope I don't offend anyone when I say, "I'm a Wannabee Jew."I grew up with a mom, who to this day, believes that a few generations ago we were Jewish. Perhaps that's how I wound up being the only half-Chinese, non-Jewish girl at Jewish Camp. 4 summers of making Challah and singing in Hebrew gave me an everlasting ahava (love) for anything that brings back these memories.I was first introduced to Miller's by a Jewish friend of mine who swore their Matzoh Ball soup was just as good as her mom's. I never had a Jewish mom (or maybe I have?) but I agree, that's some tasty comfort food! Fabulous, jam-packed sandwiches, desserts like Hamentashen, Babka and Halva, smoked salmon, Gefilte fish and white fish salad are just some of their generous offerings. This last visit, I treated myself to onion rings, knowing full well that I would suffer the pangs of a dreaded onion allergy headache. Those fried bits of blossom were so delicious, it was totally worth it! My favorite part of this deli is the recent addition of a huge neon sign salvaged from a Coney Island restaurant. And...drum roll please? It advertises Chinese Food! It's like this Hapa and possibly a little Jewish kid was meant to love this place! Whether you say "Oy", "Ai ya" or both, you will undoubtedly agree they've got noshin' food and an awesome retro ambiance. It's no wonder they say on their website... "A million bubbes can't be wrong!" For all those who miss their Bubbe's food or whose Nana, Nonie or Grandma wasn't born Jewish, there's Miller's East Coast Deli.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2010,3/21/2011,307,514,29,27,28>Four white girls: 2 brunettes, 1 red head, and 1 dirty blond, wide-eyed and innocent, wander into this little pocket of Brazil in South San Francisco.  Virgin to Feijoada and other such exotic treats, we had no idea what Brazilian delights awaited us that Saturday.True, we were nervous, knock-kneed, not knowing what to expect (but had certainly heard the locker-room talk (Yelp room talk?) about how "amazing" the experience would be). A feast of the senses is what it was.  It began with the gorgeous, blue-eyed, wavy black-haired man gently easing us into the experience.  He carefully explained all the tantalizing choices we could make from the simple yet enticing menu.  Nearby brazilian patrons chimed in, offering to show us their tricks of the trade - how to best enjoy these moments.  Finally, 3 of us went for the GOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLLL: the Saturday feature of the Feijoada special.  It was a perfect symphony of pork and soft sausage, cooked in an incredible stew of black beans, served with a plate of rice, greens, orange slices and some sort of flavored powder.  We were instructed to mix it all up and enjoy.  We did as we were told and it was . . . "amazing."   Four white girls, slowly saunter back outside, now making eye contact with other patrons, thanking our handsome teacher, promising to come back and learn more.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2011,3/20/2011,3057,2814,33,29,31>Aside from the coy name, Sushirrito offers the world's slowest moving line in the history of long-ass lunch-hour lines. Watching paint dry or snails mate or Palin gaffe are the only other activities comparable to the gnawing sense of impatience that was festering in my internal time clock of a soul. Sushirrito is also a pontmanteau, a blending of two seemingly incompatible words that morph into a new word, and in this case, a hip culinary concept. Like it or not, Sushirrito is the flavor-of-the-month destination for offbeat eats in the FiDi. Blink and you may miss the novelty of it all.Is it worth the wait? If it was up to maybe five minutes, absolutely, But at a mind-bending 45 minutes, it would have had to have been the second coming of French Laundry to earn the time I lost waiting for my sushi roll. As it stands now in hindsight,  it was pretty good. I ordered their signature roll, the $11 Three Amigos, a good intro to their concept as it wrapped tuna, salmon, hiramasa (real yellowtail), yuzu tobiko (citrus roe), avocado, asparagus, cucumber, shaved radish, green onion, and wasabi mayo in nori (see photos). Organic. Locally sourced. All the right buzzwords are used on the menu. It's not as big as a burrito, at least the burritos I order, but it's a hearty few bitefuls. It's debatable if it really is "large enough for a meal" since I saw lots of people order two... and they looked too self-absorbed to be picking one up for a friend. I was not audacious enough to order two (nor could I justify the total cost in my head), so I settled on a $1.50 side of rice chips with a small cupful of thick chimichurri sauce. They provided a nice contrasting crunch to my roll. I honestly felt the roll was in my sizable stomach in a mere moment, but it was tasty.FOOD - 4 stars...a fine roll...but 45 minutes?AMBIANCE - 3 stars...it's the former cefiore, so no seating here...just ordering and waitingSERVICE - 3.5 stars...admirable that two guys handmake every order, but since the menu items are standard, a little more scalable efficiency would be nice...why not ask our orders while we wait in line?TOTAL - 4 stars...worth a try if you're not in a hurry to get somewhere afterward...like a 1PM meeting...oh sh--...!
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2010,3/19/2011,2534,499,27,39,37>One of only two remaining big hobby stores in SF that I can think of and in my book, Franciscan Hobbies is definitely the best.  Great staff and awesome selection...tons of model cars, ships, planes as well as radio controlled toys, trains, and everything else.This place is a young child's dream...you name it, they have it.  I often find myself popping in just to browse their model car selection.  Lately, they've been getting in some really cool car model kits with a rat rod and vintage model focus.  Great selection of paints and supplies too.Yes, perhaps their presentation may be somewhat dated, but for me, that just adds to the old school feel of the place.  Hobby shops are traditionally not known for their cutting edge form-ups and displays.  Not entirely bad, if you ask me.  Oh and closed Mondays, at least it was when I went there the other day.Franciscan may have moved in the past, but their business has been around for years...hoping they will be around for many more so that future generations can enjoy as well.  Support your local businesses!
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,5/12/2014,148,262,9,17,11>Underestimated how far the trek from work to Pier 33 was (1.4 miles each way - whoops!), but it was well worth it.  I'm just coming off a 3 day juice cleanse and thus am relegated to super clean eating for at least today or else I would have been all over the Loco Moco, Ahi Poke, and "Spammy" Fries.  Instead I went for a salad and bao, both of which were probably still a bit of a cheat, but I was dying to check this place out!Pan Grill Sandwich Shop in its past life, Sammy's Aloha opened up with its Hawaiian flair about a month ago just inside Butterfly.  Service was filled with aloha, and the wait was around 10 minutes for our orders...- Cashew Chicken Salad ($8): it was fine.  I liked the finely shredded cabbage slaw, but wished the other greens had been chopped instead of thrown in in their entirety.  The dressing was good, but not amazing - tasted just like Vietnamese fish sauce - and next time I'd ask for it on the side because there was just a bit too much.   - Haupia and Banana Bao ($4): although I love Haupia, I'm only typically a banana fan if it's banana cream pie.  This combo didn't do it for me - maybe haupia on its own could suffice?  Size was good, as I still have half, which I'll save for tomorrow's breakfast.  The bread itself was good - sweet as Hawaiian bread should be.  The bao also came in the most adorable wrapping that resembled a giant XLB! My friend went for the $9 Ahi Poke and $4 Kalua Pig Bao and was impressed was both.  Her poke bowl in particular was filled with much more poke than she had anticipated, and she said it was on point.  Now I'm just jealous.A Hawaii fanatic, I am definitely returning (hopefully next week if not sooner!) to try the other menu items!  Aloha!  And mahalo, Sammy!
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,5/11/2014,327,256,9,19,13>An unforgettable and unique dining experience! I'd suggest coming here for a romantic date or a quirky fun dinner with a friend. Definitely not recommended for groups.I came here to celebrate my 2 year wedding anniversary with my husband on a Friday night. Food:+3 courses prix fixe menu- you can either choose the pre-set menu or the mystery menu but the mystery menu is just one of the 2 options listed on the menu, so don't get too excited!+Unlimited bread and butter+Bonus appertif- salmon in a cucumber- one bite yumminess or cheese if you're veg+Bonus soup- black bean soup1) tuna tartare- i've never had tuna tartare but it was scrumptious! so flavorful with the mangos2) salmon in green curry- holy heck! i love green curry and i love salmon so this was a great twist on the norms3) lava cake a la mode with strawberries- i'll admit i was eating with my hands at this point but i didn't want to leave one bite on the plate!Service:Our server (the whole staff is blind) was very sweet, comforting and patient. Our experience would not have been as memorable without her.Ambiance:Come with a very open and adventurous mind. It is a challenge to eat in pitch darkness but if you let your other senses open up, listen to the carefully selected music or try to distinguish the different mystery tastes, it's sure to be a good time.-Hungry Hungry Pongy
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,5/10/2014,157,385,8,16,9>One of my favorite cocktail bars in the city. plz take me with you if you go ;___;The front is Dalva, a dive bar that has happy hour every day from 4 - 7 PM with $4 well drinks and $2 off drafts beers. But the back is where the party is at (interpret that as you will): HIDEOUT, a cocktail bar where they don't believe in vodka. Once 7 PM hits, shimmy over to the back and seek out a bartender called Jason, who will make you a clean mean drink of whatever the heck you want. Their cocktails menu seems to change monthly, which includes new renditions of a varying "classic." Each cocktail will cost you $10, CASH ONLY, but be worth way more.But really, those cocktails are worth every dollar and then some. I have never enjoyed drinking as much as with the drinks I had that night (this is obv the start of a great relationship). My first was the BOURBON MULE involving my favorites of mint and ginger (Jason overheard my conversation with my drinking partner...given how loud I am, that's not too difficult hahaha). It was the pinnacle trifecta: light, delicious, and inebriating.My next two drinks came from previous Yelpers' recommendations--I literally gave Jason my phone so he could see the ingredients. The SWITCHEL, made with Venezuelan rum, apple (which they ran out of), lime, ginger, and cinnamon, was another home run. Then came the 16TH STREET SWIZZLE, a fave of Jason's. Don't confuse this with the listed Hideout Swizzle #2 (gin, genepy, lime, pineapple, and orange bitters), as the 16th Street Swizzle is made with Jamaican rum, lime, honey, orgeat, and ginger shrub (yelp.com/biz_photos/dalv…). It's like a sweet liquid ginger. It's kinda awesome.My drinking partner started off with an Old Fashioned, later ordering the Clover Club, which they swapped out the grenadine for raspberry puree. Another good drink.Sometimes Jason had to run to the back room to grab ingredients, which is when I got to chat a bit with the other bartender, David, who has been with Dalva for 16 years. Epic, right!? Srsly, they care about the drinks they make without the snotty pretentious 'tude of some other mixologists (that's Mission versus FiDi for you, I guess), and it makes all the difference.HIDEOUT = $10 CASH-ONLY COCKTAILS, THE BEST YOU'LL EVER HAVE
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,5/9/2014,165,199,9,15,13>Dog bless Tacos Club. Going to the Castro generally means a lot of late nights, dancing and drinking, so a full stomach beforehand is a key survival tool. Food options after dark are...well, there's the Creme Brulee Cart... Other than that, you're walking all the way to Sanchez or Church for decent eats. That is, until Tacos Club opened up. Fat burritos, succulent carnitas, tasty guacamole, and the orange-slice water is a really nice touch that separates it from the rest of the taquerias in this town. No, wait, you know what separates it from the other taquerias? Everybody behind that counter is always happy. Every single time. I don't mean, they're pleasant and cordial, I mean, everyone I've spoken to at Tacos Club acts like they woke up that morning and said, "Sweet! I get to make tacos today!" They're not bouncing off the walls or anything obnoxious, they just seem to really love their neighborhood and what they do. Making delicious tacos. And that's why I stop in there whenever I can. You guys are doing it right, keep it up.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,5/8/2014,343,405,13,12,8>What a really cool place/find!Came here with a friend last night to catch up on life over a few drinks.  Very cool atmosphere and vibe and I totally dig the couches in the middle of the room for big groups.  We ended up sitting at the bar and it was still quiet enough to have good conversation and watch up close and personal the mixologist serve up their tasty concoctions.  The drink menu is innovative and fun...I had the Dirty Work and the Two Week Notice...funny since the first drink describes me perfectly and I did recently leave my job.  I did prefer the Dirty Work over the two although if you are all about having a multitude of flavors in your mouth at once, try the Two Week Notice.  My friend had the Manhattan Project and the Crochet Rogue...of course he would go the classy route and he really enjoyed both.  Drinks are a bit on the higher end though...unless you just want to throw down the gauntlet and get a communal cocktail, punchbowl or absinthe.  If so...please invite me...really, i'm totally serious.Will definitely have to come back and check out the food or perhaps grab a few nice drinks before breaking it down at DNA Lounge across the street for Bootie.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,5/7/2014,579,117,13,16,13>Many of you are finding out about this place because you are waiting for your crack at Brenda's.  Many of you may not be day-to-day Loin regulars, either.  I've yet to go to Brenda's (I am eager to), and this is my Monday through Friday commute.  Libby Jane is the perfect last stop before the office as I walk from California/Hyde to Hayes/Van Ness.  One disclaimer - I'm not a big coffee fan.  But, I feel like it's a little more helpful from a health standpoint than something artificial, and I am a BIG fan of caffeine.  So, my New Year's resolution was to drink more coffee.  Hence, Libby Jane.  ***You can read all about the coffee in other reviews.***  I drink coffee at least three or four days a week now - I still don't crave it.  However it may be, I stayed for the food.  I've now had a lot of it.  I've had the Bacon, Cheddar and Scallion Biscuit with Jalapeno Jam at least three times.  I had the Cream Biscuit with (wait for it...) Ham Jam today.  I'd stick with the Jalapeno - which is legitimately one of my favorite things, anywhere.  I had the Breakfast Sandwich yesterday.  It was warmed up after the fact, but I thought it was very tasty.  Brioche Bun (yum), Egg, American, Bacon and Tomato.  I also tried the Crawfish Pie last week.  For the sweet fans out there, I'll probably amaze you by saying:  Ehhh...  I don't love sweets.  But, I tried a couple of samples of their cookies, and some of their Chocolate-Chip Zucchini Bread.  (Both were out as samples.)  Very solid.Everything is done well here.  I'd like to see the temperature be about 10 degrees cooler as I'm chugging to work, but I'm probably in the minority.  If this is on your commute, upgrade if you're going to a chain.  I'm curious to see what I think once I get to go to Brenda's, finally.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,5/6/2014,750,405,20,25,22>My best friend and I try to meet up for happy hour every other week or so and on our last happy hour adventure, we ended up at Hi Tops (RIP Lime!).We met up with her brother around 7:30 on a Friday and the place was packed! I was worried that we wouldn't find a table but another group was kind enough to let us share their table. There are tables scattered around the bar, especially in the back where the kitchen is. If you are coming with a group - get there early to snag one!Despite being super crowded, getting a drink was extremely easy. There is sort of a line system when you order at the bar so that made getting drinks painless. I think more bars should have this policy! Bartenders were quick and efficient - I ordered a sweet tea and vodka and it was delicious.After a few Fireball shots on an empty stomach (I never learn my lesson, do I?) we decided to order some food. Hi Tops' menu offers food perfect for sharing - fries, nachos, corndogs, hot wings, burgers, sandwiches, etc., basically all the stuff that makes you fat. I had a corndog and my best friend and I also shared the nachos. Both were pretty good but I have to say that the corndog was my favorite out of the two.I would definitely come back here for happy hour! The only downside is that all the cute guys are gay :( *sigh**Sidenote: they have lockers so you can store your bags/coats/jackets (bring your own lock!)
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/30/2013,5/5/2014,3057,2814,31,25,22>Yo, yo, yo - I thought Drake be the name of my boy. He be chillin'. He be poppin'... OK, I don't know nuthin' 'bout rap, but believe it or not, I have been to this hip and happenin' bar. I'm not sure why since I fit in here just as well as Conan O'Brien did when he recently visited the American Girl store. But Jamie W. and I were strolling the sidewalks of SoMa and came upon the place early during their happy hour one Saturday. Sure enough, I saw cocktails were priced at $6 (photo: bit.ly/JGTolR). Sold. So what if we're not skinny, dress-alike Asian girls in tight, sparkly black outfits. That appears to be the target consumer since there were groups of them forming like colonies of bees.We sat on an isolated section of the winding banquette taking in the black lights and multitudes of chandeliers (photo: bit.ly/1d5mByp). It honestly looked like the owner bought a whole bunch at Mike & Toni's Chandelier Galaxy where their daughter Lexie pointed to all of them. "Look at dis one, look at dat one! You could live like da King of England! Like da King of France!" That was Scarlett Johansson's shining comedy moment on Saturday Night Live. That's it !... we was surrounded by a room full of Lexies. But back to the menu. We ordered a couple of the Strawberry Daiquiris (photo: bit.ly/1cSUMi8), which were quite fruity, followed by the more puckery Palomas, a lethal combination of tequila, Campari, orange juice and lemon.Before the room started spinning, we decided to order a $5 plate of the Tatchos, an urbanized version of tater tots decorated with melted brie and bits of smoked Applewood bacon (photo: bit.ly/1byrj6R). Kinda greasy but rather strangely compatible with our cocktails. Meanwhile, we were watching the Lexies piling into the photo room across the room. Why is the overweight one always treated like the ottoman in the group photo? Have a tatcho, sweetie. The staff is dutiful, not overly friendly, but I assume they have to serve all kinds here, especially the millennials who probably don't tip big. The house music is starting to kick in. Is that my boy Drake on the speaker? Time to go.COCKTAILS/FOOD - 3 stars...drinks on the sweet side, food a bit greasy, but happy hour is happy hourAMBIANCE - 4 stars...very sleek spot, cavernous, probably accommodates crowds pretty wellSERVICE - 3 stars...a bit officiousTOTAL - 3 stars...yo, yo, yo....oh
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,5/4/2014,631,981,20,29,29>The Slider Shack food truck introduced some new items to their menu about a week ago, and while I was going to try them eventually listening to the rave compliments from two of my friends encouraged me to try it right away at this past Saturday's San Francisco Vintners Market.  As I often do for this event I was there volunteering through One Brick in exchange for free admission into the event and a generous $10 food voucher from the event's organizers.The voucher turned out to be the perfect amount in trying Slider Shack's new Hurritos or Hawaiian Burritos.  Here's the Hurrito menu I captured from the side of the food truck (yelp.com/biz_photos/slid…).  Slider Shack had long been a favorite of mine for their delicious beefy sliders (yelp.com/biz_photos/slid…) using freshly ground beef from Marin Sun Farms.  I often visit their truck when it's parked at the SOMA Streat Food Park.Slider Shack's Hurritos brings together some very unique ingredients and the final product was not just delicious but super filling too.  I failed to take a photo of the entire burrito, but these are of the fat and heavy variety that you know without even taking a bite that it's going to leave you stuffed or as overstuffed as the burritos are.I ordered the Moa-Katsu Hurrito (yelp.com/biz_photos/slid…) and waited for just a short time as these are made to order.  The first thing I tasted was the sweet, smoky BBQ sauce which would provide a much needed side note within the burrito.  The coconut flavor in their coconut-jasmine rice is very prominent and even though I'm not a huge fan of coconut anything I really didn't mind with all the flavors going on within the burrito.  The cut up pieces of their brined and panko-crusted Moa chicken breasts remained crispy inside and it took me a few bites before I came upon some of Slider Shack's delicious little tater tots which were still hot and crispy.  With all that was going on with the ingredients I just mentioned lost within the final product were the flavors of the crunchy cabbage slaw and the Lomi Lomi which I only noticed in texture.The Hurrito served as the perfect "sponge" as you will for soaking up all the delicious Cabernets and Cabernet blends I was about to sample inside the market.  I think I would definitely order this again.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,5/3/2014,506,226,45,33,31>We were like, "Can we get a Salmon Benedict. And a Vegetarian Benedict. And we'd also like to share the Banana Belgian waffle." Our server goes, "Um, just to let you know- our servings are VERY big."Oh is that right. Then make that TWO, Belgian waffles. Pssh.o_O....O_o [head roll, brushes hair away from face]Pssh. Anyway after we got over ourselves we were like oh phooey if u say so. And she was right. My friend's hot cocoa was served in a huge, deep bowl. The Vegetarian Benedict was large and in charge.  The Banana Belgian waffle was thick, yet light (I know, I'm confused too) and tasted so...milky and creamy and puffy and diddy and we.aint.go-in.no.where. we.ain't. goin.no.where.we cant be stopped now.cuz.its.bad.boy.for.life.Not to mention this joint is cute overload. And the head chef is French. And they make all their bread and pastries in-house. Total mocha choca-latta ya ya.I could see no wrong w/this sweet and charming French bistro. If I saw a rat, I'd get all excited thinking I was part of a ratatouille experience. I'll be back. Oh!Plastic Wicker Chairs.-1 invisible star.I need stability, people.  I mean, have you seen my ass?  Geez.(actually, I'm workin on the ass - it's really my stomach and thighs that made the seat unsafe but WHATEVER)Little town...................it's a quiet village
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,5/20/2011,714,2047,15,17,15>Ali Baba's Cave is now Al-Fanoose Restaurant.  I assumed this "change" was coming, as the receipts from ABC have had the name Al-Fanoose on them since at least last fall, but I'm kind of surprised they bothered to change the name.It looks much nicer than it used to, at least on the inside.  They've built a whole new counter, and the seating area is less thrown-together-looking than before.  They've also rewritten the menu items on the chalkboard, which had faded to the point of annoying inscrutability.The outside?  Yuck.  The new awning is . . . new.  That's the only positive thing I'll say about it.  While the old ABC logo had at least some style, if not verve, the new typeface looks like it came off the liquor-store assembly line.  I find it hard to believe they paid money for this thing.  And white on bright blue?  What's that going to look like after a couple of years?The food is exactly the same, which means it's wonderful.  It's all about the super falafel.  And fear not, Ali Baba's Cave reminiscers:  The ABC on Valencia in the Mission hasn't changed its name (or its sign).  Al-Fanoose prominently displays an under-new-management sign, but everything basically tastes and feels the same.  That's pretty good.  And although it's ugly from the outside, I appreciate the new interior cleanliness, although I fear it's only temporary.  Oh, what the heck?  Four stars it is.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,5/19/2011,4636,789,15,23,20>Curiousity definitely got the best of me when I saw that Chef Ryan Scott's 3-SUM Eats Food Truck was nearby on my Twitter feed for lunch.  Based on the awesome pics of their sandwiches on yelp, I couldn't resist the opportunity to try them out.I ordered two sandwiches.  Why?  Because I totally underestimated the size of them thinking that one wouldn't be enough to fill me up.  Man was I wrong!  They're both pretty much the size of your fist and come loaded with meat sandwiched in a soft Ciabatta Roll.  My pics show the sandwiches in actual size so you can just hold your hand up to the sandwich pretending to hold them just to measure how big they really are.  The first sandwich was The Black Pepper & Rosemary Crusted BLT ($8).  It came loaded with Truffle Aioli, Tomato Jam, Edam Cheese, Iceberg Lettuce, and oh yeah, a heaping pile of thick, sweet BACON (yelp.com/user_local_phot…).  Every once in a while you'll encounter a sandwich that will make you giggle with every bite knowing that it's so good, but yet so bad for you.  And that's what I experienced when I had the BLT from 3-SUM.  BEST BLT EVER!!!  Juicy Bacon in every bite bursting with flavor, plus melted Edam Cheese.  Pure Bacon Bliss.  So GOOOD!!And to add further insult, I also ordered a Pulled Pork Cuban Sandwich ($8).  And like the BLT, it was just as huuuuge (yelp.com/user_local_phot…).  But while the BLT was awesome, the Cuban was great but didn't blow me away.  To be fair though, I did eat it after finishing the BLT, and the Bacon flavor was still lingering in my mouth, pretty much cancelling out the flavor of the Blue Bottle Coffee Rubbed and Pulled Pork.  That was my fault.  I would order it again though.  It's a very hearty sandwich.  I definitely had my fill of pork for the day, or rather the whole week!Next time I'm probably going to finish their sandwich lineup with their Corn Flake (or Rice Krispies) Crusted Fried Chicken Sandwich and their Smoked Mozzarella & Truffled Asparagus & Zucchini Grilled Sourdough Sandwich along with their Fried Asparagus.  Deep fried paradise!  Sadly, the BLT will have to take a backseat for a while as it's too good for me eat very often as my lifespan would decrease week by week.  But believe me, I will be looking forward to it!  BACON!!!
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2010,5/18/2011,355,431,12,18,17>How does Bella Trattoria manage to stay Italian food's best kept secret in San Francisco? Being in a neighborhood where no one would expect to find a good Italian restaurant certainly helps. But free corkage if you bring your own bottle of wine on a Monday through Wednesday night? I know the Inner Richmond is a venture for some, but come on people... where ya gonna find a place like that in North Beach, huh?I've been here a handful of times and can vouch for the consistently good food and service. The staff are friendly and encourage slow-paced, leisurely dining. The menu seems very traditionally Italian (with the numerous course thing going on) and incorporates quality local ingredients. Last time I tried the San Marzano tomato soup (*brings fingers of right hand together and smooches them up, all Italian-like*) and the gluten free penne in a sausage cream sauce. The ravioli and gnocchi have also been delicious, and one day I have promised myself to try the risotto.From what I can recall, the interior of the place has undergone some changes over the years. It used to be a little kitschier, but more recently they've decided to play up a classier, trendier vibe--and the sexy ambiance works for sure! Finally, I'd say the prices are pretty reasonable for a nice Italian restaurant. Really, what more could you ask for?I'm still a bit surprised whenever I come here and there aren't more customers. Though I'd love to see this place blow up since they do such a great job, I suppose it's sort of nice to avoid the crowd. So now that the secret is out, come here... but please, try to keep it on the down low, eh? Mille grazie!**Sidenote:  Careful to not confuse with Bella PIZZA, the takeout Italian greasy spoon a couple of blocks further down Geary.**
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2010,5/17/2011,235,188,14,17,17>On a lovely Sunday afternoon, my fiance and I ventured into the Marina and came across this cute corner storefront. We're not huge cream puff fans but we decided to give it a try. Lucky we did because not only were the cream puffs PERFECT (in size, looks, taste, and sweetness), but we were greeted by the nicest owner ever! Rhys was not only super cute (it's ok, the fiance's not going to read this), he was super nice. He let us choose the biggest cream puffs we could find and even gave us a complimentary one! Such a sweet story about how his mom used to make these for him and his brother when they were growing up. With the great, friendly service and delicious cream puffs, I can't help but want to root for this family business.Regulars ($3-3.25) and minis ($2) were available. We had the chocolate mini and vanilla mini, both paired perfectly with a cup of their individually brewed cup of coffee. Both were good but the chocolate definitely kicked butt. Too bad they sold out of the Fruit Whip! We left this place with the fuzzies. There will be a next time for sure!
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2010,5/15/2011,1109,441,10,16,11>**Serpentine is SOOOOOO Ang Style***The PERFECT place to spend my birthday :)Understated sophistication sums it up.  I'll start by saying that even on my big day, I'm still a service snob.  Serpentine managed to make me very happy in the service department.  My girlfriend made the reservation for 6, but unbeknownst to both of us, a party of 10 surfaced!  Impressively, the staff managed to accommodate us in a matter of 30 minutes.**Amazing food around that table** Not too many veggie options on the menu, but it was totally ok because what remained was pure perfection.  Their salads are divine.  So are the fries, and so is dessert!  It was chocolate cake with coconut ice cream and moscato d'asti for all.  I had the único b.day vanilla bean ice cream that was so memorable, my mouth is watering right now.   Friends, food, fun.  I couldn't think of a better way to turn the big "I'm-not-saying".   Serpentine, you're going straight to the top of my SF faves!Last little tip for ya:  parking on 3rd was a bit tough.  Go one street parallel, toward the water.  A plethora of spots.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2010,5/14/2011,182,531,9,12,12>I have eaten at Saiwaii several times since its opening in August, and from the beginning I honestly believed that Saiwaii was going to thrive.The broth and noodles have only gotten better - the broth more flavorful and the noodles more bouncy.  My favorite is the extra spicy garlic tonkotsu.  I love the abundance of green onion and the broth that is just the right amount of creamy.  I believe it to be better than Katana Ya and plus, there's parking.  There's also a big screen television that has the big game on, or sometimes anime.I have not ordered any sushi here, because I prefer ordering sushi from restaurants with a sushi bar.  Plus, it's a ramen restaurant.Some nights you'll have to put your name on the list and wait to be called.  I was right - Saiwaii is thriving.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2010,5/13/2011,476,561,10,13,12>I chose Delfina for my staycation lunch, or shall I say it chose me? A friend gave me a gift card, so it was the perfect reason to try it.Right off the bat, the staff were lovely. Since the weather was nice (and my 2-hour street parking limit was winding down), I asked for my pizza to go. I was told it would take about 15 minutes for my pizza to be done. After about 25, I inquired and saw that it'd been sitting on a shelf. I guess they forgot to convey the message to the front. Without even asking, I was happily surprised when I was handed 3 containers - fresh grated parmesan, dried basil and chili flakes to accessorize my meal. A nice complement.I drove out to the parking lot overlooking Ocean Beach, the Cliff House and Sutro Baths. I happily dined with pizza on the dash while enjoying the ocean view. It would've been even better if my Napoletana pizza was less salty and I had a giant glass of water. I should've known it might be thirst inducing with its anchovies, capers and olives. The crust was nice, chewy and medium thin. I look forward to choosing a different toppings on my next visit, and perhaps the Amarena Cherry sundae.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2010,5/12/2011,258,82,14,20,19>Can you paint by number? Ordering Aux Delices is really that simple. Always start with:#16b - Garlic noodles#30 - Crispy chickenSide Rice: Jasmine (or brown)There you go Picasso :)Now.. Do you remember the "Choose Your Own Adventure" books? (en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ch…)Order by the # of the adventure you want to turn to...#32 - Broccoli sauteed with garlic, ginger, and your choice of meat.#37 - Chicken in caramel sauce; or (27) - Shrimp/Pork in caramel.#14 - Spring rolls/peanut sauce (not fried)... I LOVE the peanut sauce!#50 - Shaken filet cubesDine-in, Deliver quick... or procrastinate & pick up when parking is easy- but order by 9:50-9:55pm.As long as you order by number, wherever you eat you are sure to be "at delight"... Aux Delices. Touche ;)
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2010,5/11/2011,449,1573,45,57,52>In the light of the recent recession, fancy restaurant meals have taken a backseat to the strong presence of food trucks....everywhere. Poppin up like mushrooms, we have a creme brulee cart, taco trucks, bacon hotdog carts, sweets truck, well, is Tanguito JUST another food truck?Tanguito takes it up a notch by serving Argentinian food and having sitdown service.* what?!? sitdown service at a food truck? *Like typical of food trucks, you have to order from the window. But unlike other food trucks, there is limited seating to the side of Tanguito where you can sit down and have placemats, silverware and your food is brought to you. Is this a fancy food truck? I don't really know, but it does make me feel special while relishing the juiciness of the chicken empanadas (ooh, they put olives in it!) and the meaty beef empanadas (ooh, they put chopped eggs in it!)  While I did prefer the chicken over the beef, both have buttery, flaky crusts and each was sure worth the $3.50 price.Did you see the pic of THE hamburger? It's a 1/2 lb. of beefy goodness. I'm gonna have to come back for that one.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2011,5/10/2011,450,315,18,17,18>SCARY GOOD COFFEE. Or rather: SCARY.  GOOD COFFEE. This little gem is located in the grittiest part of SOMA, populated primarily by the toothless and the smelly.  But Rancho Parnassus has a pretty cool vibe, filled with tables and artwork from all over the community.  It's kinda: Santa Cruz white chick w/ dreads meets crazy homeless artist meets Phillz Coffee.  And yes, I did drop the P-word.  Rancho Parnassus makes their coffee one cup at a time, which is - in my humble, caffeinated opinion - the best way.  It takes a few minutes, but it really feels special.  And it is absolutely f-ing delish.  AND ITS ONLY $2.  Forget your Blue Bottle fancypants-we-make-expensive-coffee-using-Science baloney.  RP is a solid choice if you don't mind a little grit.Yeah, they certainly don't discriminate, either.  I stood behind a man who smelled like a port-o-potty for about 5 minutes while he dug together the $2 for a coffee.  It was unpleasant, but I was impressed with the barista's patience and egalitarian treatment. The man had the money, the barista gave him his coffee.  He wouldn't have even made it in the door at blue bottle.  Like it or not, you know its true.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2012,8/3/2012,122,16,22,34,22>Hmm should you trust a pie being sold on the street?? YES DEFINITELY WORTH IT!!I have never heard of Pie Fridays before and I happened to stumble upon it.$3 for half a slice$6 for a slice$6 for half/half4 different flavors Coconut Banana Cream Pie: Best banana cream pie I've ever tasted. Perfect texture, creamy, and mouth watering. I think the crust was homemade because you can tell by the rich taste. Topped perfectly with coconut.  I like how the coconut wasn't too over powering! Just right.Chocolate Custard with Pretzel Crust: HOLY MOLY!! The chocolate was rich with real cocoa flavor. It doesn't have that instant pudding chocolate taste to it.  And PRETZEL CRUST?! Perfect = combination of sweet and salty.*She ask if you want extra whipped cream! Ummm YES PLEASE!!Seems like she loves making these pies because they're amaaazing!SUPPORT A LOCAL FOOD VENDOR, buy a slice!
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2012,8/2/2012,304,690,15,16,15>On a cold and rainy night, Karen Y and I braved the storm for our 7x7 big eat adventure.2012 #30: pupusasThere were so many choices on the menu, all sounding every delicious! We ended up sharing Chicharrón (pork and cheese) and Mariscos y Queso (fish, shrimp & cheese) pupusas.With the fillings finely minced, there was no telling between the two until you take a bite. We easily tasted the fish and shrimp, and pork. The salsa roja for the pupusas was also very good.Plantains with sour creamWe also ordered the plantains thinking it'll be a small side. It was a generous portion. Having them with sour cream was new to me, but it helped cut through the sweetness and added a light tang to it. Also delicious!Will be back for more pupusas! =)
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2012,8/1/2012,102,87,10,9,9>Food baby.  Seriously.It's weird.  I've been to the Nordstrom Rack here several times before and I've never noticed this taqueria.  Maybe because it's literally a hole in the wall slash food stand.  But today, I was actually looking for a place to eat and lo and behold, the bright red paint caught my eye.Between my coworker and I, we shared Carmen's Nachos, a crispy chicken taco, a carne asada street taco, and a carnitas street taco.  Along with a Snapple, the total was about $16.This review will be quick and easy, just like the food.  The carne asada was average, no complaints.  Between the two street tacos, the carnitas stole the show.  Hella juicy with a slap-you-in-the-face kinda flavor.  Both had hella fillings.  (yelp.com/biz_photos/mJxt…)  The crispy taco was HUGE.  (yelp.com/biz_photos/mJxt…)  The chicken was moist and had decent flavor.  I'd get it again.  But if I were to only get one, I'd definitely get a carnitas crispy taco.  The nachos were yummers too.  Tons of toppings.  (yelp.com/biz_photos/mJxt…)  But I'm a fan of simple nachos, so next time I might just go with their "High School Nachos" which are just chips and cheese.This spot is perfect for all the hungry Rack or Trader Joe's shoppers.  They have a few tables to eat at right in front.  Napkins, utensils, and everything else is to the side.  Enjoy!
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,7/31/2012,198,231,11,19,11>Living in Japan, I can get ramen in a variety of places, vending machines, street stalls, 7-11, and specialty ramen places. In the states, the ramen is usually "ok", with the tonkotsu style ramen broth coming from a pre-made solution/paste imported from japan and  is thrown together with pre-bought ramen noodles and sides. Perhaps they add a few pork bones to make it semi-homemade. Yea, there are a few solid places - Orenchi perhaps, but who the hell wants to leave the city and drive an hour for ramen?I am not particular about the shio, miso, or shoyuu ramen unless I have no other choice, plus this place seems to be known for Tonkotsu and thats what I ordered. And at this place, its served on Wednesday. The broth is purely homemade with no MSG (aginomoto) added which is rare anywhere, even in Japan. The broth was rich and not over salted, the chashu had a good mixture of fat and meat making it not too lean or fatty and flavored well. Eggs semi-hard boiled and sides were perfect.The noodle: This is the first time I had Hakata style ramen outside Fukuoka, and it tasted like the one in Fukuoka/Kyuushu. Granted, I prefer the tokyo ramen noodles and wished they had this option but these were delicious nonetheless.What about the other ramens on the other days? I really dont know, but the trick of picking a place and enjoying it is choosing the right dish and not the generic menu fillers. If they devote a whole day just to serve this one tonkotsu dish, it means its got to be damn good and you would be insane to order anything else. Kind of like going to a world famous BBQ place in the middle of Missouri and ordering some pseudo italian dish on the menu and sushi and wondering wtf happened when it tastes like crap.In short, go Wednesday (6ish) - order the Classic Hakata w/ extra chashu and enjoy. Leave the other nights for the hipsters.For some reason their tap water was terrible... just order the beer or bring a bottle water just in case...
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2012,7/30/2012,128,293,7,24,12>Just when I thought there wasn't an answer to the mayhem that is Off the Grid, SoMa StrEat Food Park pops up close to home.  In my opinion, it really solves the (sometimes good, sometimes bad) craziness of Friday nights at OTG in the Marina.  Reasons stated below:1. Organization - Clear parking for each food trucks, sheltered (!), heated (!!!) communal seating area in the middle, and bathrooms are all available.2. Popularity - This may change, but opening night was busy, but not insane last night.  There were short lines and I got my food pretty quickly without having to fight through a huge crowd and wait in a Disneyland line.  Let's hope that since SSFP is open 7 days a week, that it'll be manageable.3. Cleanliness - There were cleaning staff on hand that were quick and efficient.  Literally seconds after a party stands up to leave a table, they were there to pick up any scraps left behind and wipe down the tables.  Are there any spots for a tip jar?4. Parking - It'd take me (coming from South Beach) 20 minutes to get to the Fort Mason OTG location, then spend another 20 minutes finding parking.  Here, it's easy peasy.  Drive to around Division/Bryant or Division/10th and there's PLENTY of street parking available.  It's unlimited past 6pm!5. Location - It's kind of in the middle of nowhere, which is good in my opinion.  You don't have to fight with other crowds or traffic and there's ample parking.  It's also in a warmer part of the city, which can't be faulted.6. Wifi - I haven't tried out the Wifi yet, but if it works, then all the better to just sit there, grab a few bites, and hang out.  Maybe putting up clearer signs around the Wifi info would be good for the organizers.7. Future prospects - Beer garden & movie nights?  Sign me up!My only fear is the food truck rotation.  Hopefully a good variety keep showing up and that there is a documented rotation on the site or Facebook page. If the same trucks keep showing up, it'd kind of lose the magic.  For opening night, I personally would have chosen a few other food trucks (do people really eat sandwiches for dinner?), but that's just me.  In the end, I've found a place for me to go to when I don't want to deal with the expensive sit down restaurants near me, where I can drive to in less than 10 minutes and find parking.  Thanks to the organizers!
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,7/29/2012,1811,649,21,22,22>Pah. Not pie, with a hard "i," but pah, like how southerners say it. That's how I like to say it.We got the Mexican chocolate pecan PAH after a particularly filling sushi meal, took it home to eat, and promptly forgot about it.Oops!No worries, we remembered the following morning and had it for breakfast. Lo and behold: it was GREAT! Like, angels singing "Hallelujah!" sort of great. A yummy, buttery crust with a thick layer of hardened cinnamon-y chocolate. The PAH was stuffed with whole chunks of pecans; it was excellent.A bit pricey at $5.50 per slice, but it was so good! I'll definitely be back for more.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2012,7/28/2012,2534,499,25,27,25>No...you didn't, you wouldn't dare.......you did!!!!!!!!  NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!First the GAP, now this.  I remember during the dot com era when all the window displays were so perfect, like a wannabe Chestnut street.  It was a scary time in the Haight, but slowly, history prevailed and the landmark Haight perservered.WTH did you do to my beloved Murio's, the last real holdout of trashy historical dive bars left in the upper Haight?  It was a toilet, it was a drunktank, it was edgy, it was freaky, it was real...I loved it!  I miss it.  In the words of Sally in the Peanuts Halloween episode where they cut up the pumpkin in preparation for carving, "You didn't tell me you were going to KILL it!!!!"I should have known something was up when I first saw all that wood covering the front recently.  I figured they were doing some minor changes or exterior mods, but never in a million years expected this.  Have to admit though, they did an amazing job!!!  Honestly, the first time I saw it, I did a real double-take.  I literally took a step back and looked at the outside to make sure I really was at the right place.  Visually, it is pretty darn impressive.  Whoever handled the re-do more than accomplished what they were paid to do.  Hell, whoever did it was a G.D. magician!  This place looks so nice inside.  The makeover is gorgeous and had I been blindfolded and brought in, I would have sworn up and down that there is no way it could have been the same place.  And yet, with all the cleanup and upgrading, we lost a little part of ourselves along the way.  The crowd is obviously very different now and the place looks and feels nothing like what it had been, both good and bad.  I have countless memories of drinking here over the years, in the day and the night, fun times shooting pool with wild alcohol abandon.  There must be a ton of lost souls in the area...where will they all go now?A cynical friend of mine said that if he had wanted to go to a place like this, he would have gone to the marina (or perhaps Martin Mack's) and that there are plenty of places like this already, so why kill a historic dive?  Personally, I  really like how it looks in there, but only wish it had been anywhere else on that block.  I also have serious doubts if the customer base in the area can support what the new decor of this establishment aspires to be.  Curious to see which way all this will go once the place finds itself and the customer base finds a natural level.  What type of crowd will frequent this place?  Only time will tell.Like they always say, change is inevitable and there is nothing as inevitable as change.  As to whether it actually can be considered progress remains to be seen.   Popped in here for a quick drink the other night, but didn't stay long since I was too shocked.  I still have mixed feelings so will keep my review rating exactly where it is until I go back a couple more times.  Like I said earlier about Sally in the Peanuts cartoon..."You didn't tell me you were going to KILL it!!!!"  What next?  Lucky 13?
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,7/27/2012,581,254,26,36,28>Let me "cut" to the chase...if you need a favorite knife, pair of scissors from Aunt Gertie or even a pair of garden shears sharpened, look no further than Josh Donald @ Bernal Cutlery!  This guy knows his craft and takes it (and your items) very seriously!   He operates out of 331 Cortland and for Bernal Heights residents, even offers free pick up and delivery, can't beat that!  SAME DAY SERVICE is available!  Josh also sells knives/scissors AND also offers classes on knife sharpening! So if you suddenly decide to quit your day job, join the circus and be part of a knife throwing act...OR...if all the hours you've logged in on the couch watching Food Network and Top Chef have made you realize you need MUCH sharper knives to slice, dice and julienne your veggies,  'chop on by and see what's doin' at Bernal Cutlery! Josh (or Tagg on Saturdays) will be happy to assist you!Hours:   Monday thru Saturday from 10am to 6pmPrices, Drop Offs, and Turn Around TimesKnives$1.50 per inch ($4 minimum)$3-$10 folding knives* Additional charge for bolster or re-shaping if needed.Garden Tools$12 hand pruners and shears$18 loppers and hedge clippers$25 push mowers - please bring to 331 Cortland onlyTraditional Japanese Single Bevel$3 an inch (starting price)Scissors & Shears$5-$30Same Day Rush Sevice331 Cortland only, when available$2.50 an inch for knivesDouble rate for other items
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2012,7/26/2012,541,99,13,20,18>Oh San Francisco and its nice surprises! Amazing mix of Peruvian, rotisserie chicken and comfort food  plus a very cozy ambiance in the middle of the Mission District. On a Tuesday evening we were able to get a table upstairs. We ordered the Ceviche Pescado, Truffle Mac and Cheese, half Chicken (comes w/ two sides and we picked the sweet potato fries and the yucca fries) and sangria. Everything was great. The ceviche was really fresh and light, and the portion was generous. I am not a big mac and cheese fan, but come on, truffle mac and cheese? It was magical. And the chicken had this crispy golden brown skin and even my pescetarian baby tried and enjoyed it.The service was friendly and, in some way, "Latin." I guess for the Brazilian in me, it is a great thing. And it is one of the reasons I will come back :-)
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,7/25/2012,427,329,11,21,19>Ever since my first visit to Rolling Out, I've been a repeat customer of this local cafe and bakery.I finally met Bruno on several occassions, who acknowledged my first reviews, and I have noticed that they have since made several positive changes.  This is wonderful for me because I enjoy spending a few hours here with a warm bowl of their delicious Butternut Squash and Sweet Potato soup.  Compliment that with a few slices of their Wheat Oat bread, and I'm a very happy camper.  I always take home a loaf of their Wheat Oat bread. It's great for dunking in soup, with a little butter, or even a good spread. Their Hawaiian Sticky Roll is still my favorite, and a must every time I come here.  Overall, Rolling Out has become my new favorite local cafe.  I love the service that I receive from Bruno who is so welcoming, and warm, and always take good care of his customers. It's great when owners really take into consideration the suggestions of its patrons.  As a member of a small business here in  San Francisco myself, I know just how important service is in this industry.   This is exactly what the neighborhood needs.  Thank you Bruno!
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2008,12/18/2008,82,140,14,17,19>Yum.Sometimes (okay, a lot of the time), nothing beats a burger. Except for a burger done so perfectly.Bill's really screams out "the past, M'er F'ers," take a seat at the bar. You'd think the joint was lit with fluorescent tubes, but you'd be wrong. Instead, there are luxuriant chandeliers with what can only be described as "bright-ass" bulbs. They serve to illuminate the place in all its red-paint, fake-wood splendor.The menu is awesome, filled with burgers named for local celebs of bygone eras. There's a bit of SF legend built in, as we learn about the first nude dancer in California, or various food critics, who've all been honored with a burger to call their own.It's a nice mix of semi-healthy and heart attack. You can get a burger with sprouts, and another with cheese, bacon, and blue cheese dressing. The selection really runs the gamut, healthwise.Our burgers (Herb Caen, with Monterey Jack and avocado, and Mexican, with Monterey Jack, jalapeños, and salsa) were really fun and delicious. I'll forgive them for slathering one of my buns with mayo, after I asked what else came on it and was told "nothing."Fries tasted and felt good, both regular and curly.Lack of draft beer is one demerit. But that's about all I can come up with.Overall, a nice neighborhood option, especially if you're in the mood to treat your taste buds to a night on the town, on your heart's tab.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2008,12/17/2008,117,287,17,17,20>Ask me to eat Peruvian any day of the week and I will not object.La Mar is super sexy and oh-so-hip.  I walked in and was immediately impressed with the openness of the layout and the buzz of blue lights serving as not-so-subtle touches to the bar.  [Inner voice says: "This is my kind of a place".]I adore splashes of color and La Mar does a great job in decor.  Love the electric turquoise-colored chairs and the neon green and coral-colored menus.And speaking of color, sweet Jesus do they know how to plate at this restaurant!  My dining companion + I shared the causas tasting menu and were totally blown away at how artfully and meticulously plated those little suckers were!  And oh were they delicious.  In retrospect, if I could've eaten any one particular dish over and over again that night, it would've been the causas.  Man.... I would definitely recommend La Mar as a sexy spot for a date who's open to try new + flavorful dishes.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2008,12/16/2008,94,46,12,17,18>This place is by far the best place to grab egg tarts. Truthfully I don't order anything else other than the egg darts. I was never a big fan of egg tarts until I tried GG's. The crust is crisp and flaky and the egg filling texture is super soft.My journey to retrieve them.....Looking aimlessly for parking in the crowded streets of chinatownWaiting in line for at least 30 minutesMaking sure you order at least a dozen of egg tarts($1.15) to compensate for all that time Savoring each bite when you get home.... PRICELESSNonetheless, the egg tarts are truly AMAZING minus the drag buying it.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/9/2008,12/15/2008,46,164,8,12,9>So I'm not following all the low ratings for this place but then again, I'm not a ramen aficionado. In fact, I generally avoid all meals soup-based but because I'm game to try anything once (aka I was over-ruled by friends on dining choice) we ended up at this place. To be honest, I thought the food was pretty good. Edamame was standard but the agadashi-tofu was good. I ended up with the grilled chicken ramen which, much to my disbelief, was pretty damn satisfying in both flavor and quantity. The noodles came out a little al dente (which worked fine for me) and there was a ton of chicken pieces. And price? All the ramen bowls were under $10 except for one so no clue on the big hoop-la. I didn't try any of the sushi but it being called "Ramen Club", I'd hope that folks would give those dishes a shot first. Whether this will maintain in the Marina is a shot in the dark but the food's good, costing the same - if not cheaper - to other surrounding restaurants. I'm ranking it $$ because once you add an appetizer, you quickly jump into that price range. Keep it to just a ramen bowl and you're under the $10 limit.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2008,12/14/2008,119,107,32,15,23>Two noteworthy incidents from tonight's Mitchell's trip:1. no joke, tonight there were ticket scalpers at Mitchell's. They snagged a bunch of numbers, came back 20 minutes later and tried to sell them to newcomers.. presumably for ice cream money.2. The paramedics double parked their fired/medic truck right on San Jose Ave so they could wait for 40 minutes and then buy some avocado ice cream.. presumably while on shift.Basically, the people love Mitchell's and I know why. The ice cream is not only banging but also cheap (in San Francisco terms). And the staff is typically pretty friendly and accommodating despite the insane conditions. But don't go if you don't like watching teens make out; and, come to think of it, don't go if you specifically do like watching teens make out -- we don't need your type at a family establishment like Mitchell's.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2008,12/13/2008,333,381,24,17,23>This is 5 stars for the lady that runs the place till 2 a.m. This lady is freaking gangster! Let me tell you how gangster she is.  She's the hostess, the waitress, the cook, the cashier, and the dish washer! She's a one stop shop. Although she does all these things, she knows how to provide great service, and cook great food. I might not know what good Korean food is, but i do know that the Korean restaurants in San Francisco aren't that great. LA KOREAN RESTAURANTS ALL THE WAY!, but i think this place can compare to LA, unlike the other restaurants in SF. The lady can cook up some mean Kal Bi and Jap Chae! Come support this restaurant! Come support this gangster ass lady! I'll definitely be back!
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2008,12/12/2008,120,82,17,36,23>OK.  After four meals at Epic (one lunch and three dinners), not including the fancy-schmancy opening party, I've finally figured out how to have The Truly Epic Experience.  Because right now, the food is uneven, and the price points are high - you want to optimize your spending, right? Hope that luck is on your side when you check in.  You want to be immediately escorted to your excellent table (in a genius design move, almost every table in the restaurant is excellent, boasting views, prime positioning, etc.) and avoid the upstairs bar, which will be thronged with sugar daddies and their adoring hangers-on: attempting to get the almost-comically-overworked bartender's attention is maddening.  You may wind up with an interesting, well-mixed cocktail, but it won't be worth it. Once seated, take a moment to admire the stunning views and the appealingly over-the-top decor, and gawk at the wealth-flaunting patrons - a mostly older expense-account crowd with a few Amex-toting young couples in the mix.  Open the menu and laser in on your starters: a dozen and a half icy-cold oysters (not the baked ones, which are meager and lacking) - and I know, oysters, how boring, you get them anywhere - but they are REALLY good here; six slices of the crudo of the day (hopefully black bass); and a bottle of the delicious and shockingly not-expensive 2006 Roger Neveu sancerre.  And also a bottle of sparkling water just to snicker at the affected tableside seltzer service (watching the busboys awkwardly maneuver the vintage seltzer dispensers is both funny and sad: who knew bubbly water required such theatrics?).Pass on the bread: none of the three - ciabatta, herbed gougere, cornbread madeline - are any good (which boggles my mind: is it that hard to place an order with Acme?  There is no excuse for bad bread in San Francisco).But no matter.  You want to save stomach space, which is why sticking to raw apps is key.  Sure, you could order the warm squid salad with white beans and frisee (tasty), or the butter lettuce wedge with green goddess dressing (serviceable): but come on, you're not here to eat lettuce leaves!  If you're dying to add a third starter, do steak tartare (or the charcuterie plate, but only if you really feel like burning money.  Price/quantity ratio: way out of whack).  Shrimp remoulade was too uneven (perfectly balanced one time, shrimp-with-ketchup the next) to safely reccommend.  And do NOT try to be fancy and order the nontraditional (ie, no garlic butter) escargots, unless you like the taste of chewy dirt.Now you're ready for your beef.  Because this is why you came.  Not for the deliciously smoky, crackly-skinned wood-oven whole roast duck or the snoozeworthy roast chicken or the heady, unctuous pork belly risotto or the disastrously off-textured boudin blanc.  You came for the steak.Best steaks are the dry-aged bone-in new york and the bone-in ribeye for two, medium rare: crusty, perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned, appealingly hulky slabs of the best beef in the City, accented with horseradish creme fraiche and fabulously retro bordelaise.  Stab a rosy slice, sprinkle it with coarse sel gris for extra crunch (yes, there are three different fancy salts on the table, and no, no one is going to explain how to use them: but come on, you're not five, you can season your own food!), and sip your name red wine: life is good.With the steaks you're munching some virtuous yet non-virtuous-tasting green veggies: sauteed spinach with garlic confit and wood oven-roasted broccolini.  You could order fatty delights like mac and cheese (dry and bleh one visit, oozing and delicious the next) or uber-decadent potatoes au gratin, but you'd then risk running out of room for the best chocolate souffle of your life.As much as I try to avoid hyperbole, here I just can't.  It's that good.  To be fair, it's not a traditional souffle in the light/airy/delicate sense: it's huge and rich and over-the-top chocolatey, like a molten chocolate cake/souffle hybrid.  With poured ganache and caramel ice cream. (I know I'm gushing, but I can't help it.  Even if you normally pass on cliche chocolate desserts in favor of something more "interesting", get it).  If you could fit in a second dessert, make it the intensely-chocolatey rocky road sundae.  (No such thing as chocolate overkill here.)  Do not be tempted by the fruitcake-masquerading-as-bread-pudding: the combo of nutty bread, cranberries, and meyer lemon curd was truly revolting.  The coffee-and-donuts twist is better left for the French Laundry: the beignets are heavy, and the acidic coffee served alongside as a dip doesn't work.  And while the creme brulee is tasty, why bother?So that's that.  Follow these steps, and you won't be complaining what a "tourist trap" Epic is bound to become, or how "overpriced" the menu is, or how the food is "just not that good",  You'll have spent $300 and will not regret a single penny.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2008,12/11/2008,292,112,26,31,28>UPDATE: Kimberly G has moved to Jackson Place Salon kimberlyg.com++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++­+++This review is LONG overdue. Nearly a year ago, I won a drawing for makeup, cut, and color from Acme. Preston and Kimberly were fantastic for accommodating two cuts instead for my sister and me. We are both regulars now for life! Both stylists deserve a VERY SOLID five stars. I'll start with a review of Kimberly. First, let me tell you that I have curly hair and have never had any luck finding a good curly hair expert. I've Yelped it and Googled it to no avail. So hopefully if I say curly hair enough, some other nappy head in need of an expert stylist will find my review. Curly hair, curly hair, curly hair, curly hair, curly hair, curly hair, curly hair. When I told Kimberly my problem of finding a stylist who could cut my hair how I liked it, rather than jumping to and assuring me she'd give me a cut I'd love, she paused and ASKED: "What EXACTLY are you looking for?" I explained precisely and she delivered. That's my perfect stylist. Now when people compliment me on my locks, I don't hesitate to send them Kimberly's way. I even keep her cards in my wallet to hand out for times like these. My review of Preston is actually a review on my sister's behalf. You may be asking, "Why the hell are you reviewing Preston for you sister, Imp?" and to this I reply, "Because I won the cut from Preston and let my sister use it and so I own their relationship forever, Buster!" My sister is very low maintenance day-to-day when it comes to her hair. She has wavy hair that when untamed, can frizz like cotton candy. She explained to Preston that she would never be able to recreate an elaborate stylist do, so keep it simple and manageable. BOY DID HE! He cut her hair into a perfect little wavy bob that practically styles itself in the morning! And during the initial consult he made some comments about the shape of her face and how he could compliment it with a certain length. This guy is very talented and knows his stuff. He also has the warmest personality that makes you feel immediately at ease in his chair. Kimberly and Preston - I can't recommend you highly enough!!!Extra points for online appointment scheduling!
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2008,12/10/2008,258,82,26,30,32>Blue Balls on Black Friday need Pink Taco!Best team name = Free Bottle of Champage! Apparently we are flawed (gasp!).  I had come to think our trivia team was unconquerable...but this past week we didn't walk away with the $30 bar tab we've come to expect week after winning week. Good thing we still have something going for us...creativity :)  As reigning champions for the last 4 weeks at Tuesday Trivia, our streak came to an end.  We fell short by only 3 points, but came through with the best team name of the week! Holla playas! Free bottle of champagne works!FOOD- Yes I go to the Boardroom on Tuesdays for more than just trivia, free bar tabs, and champagne...Tacos!  $2 for Chicken/Steak and $3 for Fish. Yum. All of them yum. Not quite Nick's, but close. Chicken Sliders- $3. Super tasty and not remotely good for your health. Pretty good calamari, and the steak nachos and quesadilla are delish, esp the nachos. Sweet potato fries seem to be a hit/miss. Rest assured the tacos are always the bomb.Keith and Con are fantastic. Treat them well and they'll hook you up.See ya Tuesday when we'll once again regain our status as reigning champs and take all you mo fo's down...again.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2008,12/9/2008,389,574,20,23,23>I broke my kiddo out of school just a wee bit early today so we could get a sneak peek at the new Academy of Sciences.  My favorites so far:  The living roof and the chocolate chip star fish.  His:  The living roof, pendulum and the interactive insect games (some on a video screen with a Wii-like controller and one that incorporates a big interactive floor mat where you're luring various bugs into a dish with different food sources).   We saw plenty of other cool stuff from the albino croc, to a variety of eels, rays, brightly colored fish, plants and more.  I'm confident the Academy will earn a fifth star once everything is up and running.  At this stage the rain forest and planetarium aren't yet open and many of the tanks don't contain all their inhabitants.  One reviewer mentioned that the planetarium is really just a "viewing studio"...but I'm told that what you see now is just the lobby of it.  I think in part because there is so much more to come....the new Academy feels a little small at the moment in comparison to the old Academy.  Also...no food yet, so make sure you pre-snack if you need to.We drove in and parked right next to the elevator in the underground parking lot.  I swear there were only a dozen cars.  I suppose that'll never happen again...but we're looking forward to BARTing in most of the time anyhow.We got a family membership...so we'll be back.  As far as I'm concerned, the membership has already earned itself in the inspiration department.  My son suggested on the way home that they should let you in free if you have grass stains on your knees...because that shows you've been playing in a natural environment and not a man-made one.  I like the way he's thinking.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,6/23/2012,444,525,26,35,29>Welcome to the hottest restaurant on the block, without a RSVP it's a 2hr wait. The epitome of Creole food. Luckily we happened to snagg a seat at the open kitchen area. Front and center of attraction of many chefs, pastry chef, sous chefs, waiters, etc.To start the evening we ordered:Hush puppies ($6) served with a Mexican pepper jelly- not your average puppie from a  fish and chips place, dough was soft/smooth inside and not a crunch on the outside but a texture of a donut. Crispy Boudin Balls ($7) such a surprise in side, dirty rice with roasted pork. Dipping sauce mustard aiolo-aka thousand island lolDeep Fried Alligator ($12) Creole remolade, lemon- de-virginized and love it! The taste?  Similar to calamari but much thicker and chewy.Marinated Baby Beets ($11) celery root remoulade, sweet onions- fresh and organic beets! Wish I knew what dressing that was. LolENTREES:Southern Fried Chicken ($20) Huge serving, glad we were splitting amongst four. The best fried chicken I've encountered in a while. A variety of dark and white meat, moist, and the perfect crisp on the outside. Did I mention that the chicken was not greasy? Actually none of the food was greasy at all!! Thumbs up to the fried chicken.Sweet Tea Brined Pork chop ($24) This was the highlight of my dinner, cooked to perfection. Pork chop was easily to cut through, robust flavors that made you feel like you were in heaven.  Fried Seafood Po'Boy prices ranged from ($14-18) depending on your choice of either catfish, shrimp or oysters- I chose the catfish and it kind of fell flat, I was looking for that deep fried crunch! But I can't complain, the fish was solid, mediocre.Sides: ($6)Delightful Candied Yams & pecan and Corn BreadService: ExcellentScenery: Upcoming edge
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2012,6/22/2012,631,981,33,42,42>Hiding under my rock for the past few weeks I had no idea this space became a Sheng Kee Bakery location until I read about it from a trusty Yelp friend recently.  Once I decided to stop in I can't seem to stop now.  Their selection is quite different than what I'm used to at their other San Francisco location a mere 11 blocks away.  Each time I've visited the new location something different has caught my eye to try.The staff here is exceptionally friendly and helpful, and they don't bark at me like the older ladies at the other location do from time to time.  I love that the pastries purchased here are carefully packed into boxes.  In addition to some of the more traditional items like baked buns and cake rolls I've tried some not-so-common items also.  Of all the things I've tried there's probably just two items I would not purchase again.So from savory to sweet and in no particular order here is a sampling of what I've tried so far:Ham & Mushroom Bun (yelp.com/biz_photos/TNRY…) - It's like a pizza baked on top of bun dough.  The tomato sauce is thin and tangy and the mushrooms are canned, but the two slices of deli ham were quite generous and in addition to the melty cheese I liked that there was a bit of crunch from strips of onion and green bell pepper within.  This was very good.Ham & Corn Bun (yelp.com/biz_photos/TNRY…) - The corn and ham topping was very skimpy on this unlike the ones I enjoy from my neighborhood Fancy Wheat Field Bakery.  I'd pass on these next time.Hawaiian Bun (yelp.com/biz_photos/TNRY…) - If you like Hawaiian pizza chances are you'll like this bun also.  There's no tomato sauce on this, but the generous amount of corn kernels, chopped ham and pineapple pieces all held together by melty cheese is a party in your mouth just waiting to happen.  I only like Hawaiian pizza, but I loved this!Cheese & Jalapeno French Bread (yelp.com/biz_photos/TNRY…) - The version at Andersen Bakeries is many times better.  The cheese inside the bun was quite generous, but they added a ridiculous amount of salt that simply overpowered both the cheese and the jalapeno.  That's tough to do, but they succeeded.  Blah!!Blueberry Pound Cake (yelp.com/biz_photos/TNRY…) - The cake is dense and moist and not very sweet either.  The amount of blueberries within the loaf was very generous.Puff Pastry Custard Bun (yelp.com/biz_photos/TNRY…) - Find a friend and share this with because the puff pastry and the generous amount of custard inside is definitely on the oily and rich side.  I lightly toasted it to make the puff pastry shell crispy.  Could that have been my shortfall?  Had it not been so rich I would have liked it a lot more.Apple Flan (yelp.com/biz_photos/TNRY…) - I heated this up and served it with some homemade cherry and bourbon ice cream that a good friend passed along.  The flan part could be better both in flavor and consistency.  It was definitely on the gritty side.  I did enjoy the soft, tart apple slices which may have saved this flan.  Great that it's not overly sweet.So my four stars may appear a bit generous, but they're new and still getting some of their kinks out.  In my future I see myself visiting this location a lot more often than the original location.  A super clean shop and the friendly atmosphere count for something too.  I can't wait to discover more deliciousness on my next visit!
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,6/21/2012,4474,1400,58,62,62>The CockyAsian can cook?!?!Who would have known that the CockyAsian aka Comedian Tai Mai Shu aka Asian Rap Star aka Bradley Lum CAN cook! With so many aliases, I guess we can call him the Jack of All Trades too! A welcome addition to the Inner Richmond district, Ono Grindz brings a little bit of the island to the rolling San Francisco fog. They serve Hawaiian favorites like Loco Moco and put a twist to traditional American breakfast items with their Spam & Cheddar Waffles.In true Yelp fashion, my brunch lover and I ordered four items to share while some onlookers gave us the stank eye. Hey, don't hate. You're not a true Yelp addict unless you order half the menu ok? F O O D / D R I N K SMenu 1 of 2: yelp.com/biz_photos/txCb… Menu 2 of 2: yelp.com/biz_photos/txCb…*LOCO MOCO w/ Brown Rice, Steak Patties, 2 Eggs, Sautéed Onions & Housemade Brown Rosemary Gravy ($9.50) - 5 STARS yelp.com/biz_photos/txCb…One of the highlights of our brunch, nothing beats thick, flavorful beef patties with luscious runny egg yolks and a savory earthy gravy. Definitely go for the nutty brown rice option for a less "guilty" feel.  *CHICKEN & WAFFLES w/ Chicken Katsu and Spam & Cheese Buttermilk Waffle ($10) - 5 STARS yelp.com/biz_photos/txCb…A deliciously crunchy chicken cutlet with a succulently moist center, it's one of the best chicken katsus I've had. The genius spam and cheddar waffles were TO-DIE-FOR and would make any savory sweet lover's toes curl. *KALUA BENEDICT w/ Toasted Hawaiian Bread, Kalua Pork, Taro Leaves, Poached Eggs, Tarragon Hollandaise & Plantation Potatoes ($10.50) - 3 STARSyelp.com/biz_photos/txCb…Another genius dish but there was too much taro leaves and the slight irony bitterness of it was overwhelming and made each bite soggy. The plantation potatoes were not crispy around the edges. *KIMCHI FRIED RICE OMELET w/ Lop Cheong, Shiitake Mushroom, Lomi Tomatoes & Plantation Potatoes ($10) - 3 STARSyelp.com/biz_photos/txCb…Wasn't a fan of this dish as the egg lacked fluffiness and the kimchi fried rice was bland (more gochujang please!). It needed something for some oomph (spam? roasted nori?). *ICED LEMONGRASS TEA (free refills - $2.50) - 3 STARSyelp.com/biz_photos/txCb…Although refreshing, it needed more tea flavor as the citrusy lemongrass was overpowering. S E R V I C EExuding the true mahalo spirit, service was warm, gracious, and friendly. Mr. Jack of All Trades' wifey runs the front of the house and is as sweet as pie. Our server, Miles was wonderful and didn't bat an eye when we ordered an obscene amount of food that barely fit our table. Food service was a bit slow though with dishes taking about 25 minutes to come. A M B I A N C E / D E C O RSimple, minimalist, and contemporary with seating for ~40. Best for parties of 2-4 people. P A R K I N GBlows. With a bit of refinement (food wise), Ono Grindz is sure to be the new hot brunch spot. And considering it was opening week, they're doing an awesome job! Congrats Tai Mai Shu because I surely couldn't tie my shoe after eating your plates of Hawaiian deliciousness without doing the tripod bend. :/
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,6/20/2012,637,316,21,21,21>Oh lawwwd. This place had me feelin really good off of their happy hour specials.. maybe even a little TOO "good." The great flavor of the sangria (with the exception of one pitcher we had that tasted like onions) along with the affordable value made for a very deadly combination for an alcoholic fiend like myself. While I have no quips about the alcohol, I kind of got irritated at how tight the walkways and seating areas are. The restaurant itself is a little cramped, to the point where every person passing behind me rotated my chair at the bar. (Yes, it's due to the walkway space, not just because I am a big guy.) Seating-wise it is also relatively small, so it's always packed and wait times can run a little long. As for the food... I think I ate some... but... don't fully remember what exactly I tried. ... ... (ellipsis x 100.) I guess that just goes to show you how good the sangria really is! Despite the minor discomfort of being cramped and waiting for a while, I think the deal on their tasty sangria is well worth stepping in, especially if you're with a group of friends. Reviewing this place has really made me consider going back soon. Maybe next time I'll even remember how the food tastes!
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2012,6/19/2012,476,561,13,18,17>I prefer my coffee black since I dislike the sweetness (and extra calories) of mixed bevs. One sunny afternoon I decided to splash out, swayed by the buzz surrounding the Mint Mojito Iced Coffee. Thumbs up! It was light, refreshing, not too sweet and made with fresh mint. Kudos Philz for a blend well done!PS: This location has two wings. One for ordering and the other for plugging in ~ with many hushed bodies honed into their screens during my visit.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2011,6/18/2012,1602,405,23,27,26>ANOTHER BIRTHDAY RELATED REVIEWAfter a failed birthday dinner with a group of friends, I was determined to try again and my next restaurant of choice was MARLOWE. Once glance at their online menu and I was in love and had to come here.Marlowe is not a big restaurant and even on a weekday was extremely packed, so you MUST make reservations if you don't want to be standing outside in the cold, waiting for a table. Also, if you have a party of four of more, you will be seated at the communal table. APPETIZING APPETIZERS BRUSSEL SPROUT CHIPS w/ Lemon & Sea Salt- These things are freakin' awesome, at first I was a little hesitant because normally I DO NOT like brussel sprouts, especially boiled ones!! *BARF* BUT these things were so good, a bit oily but nonetheless really good. It was nicely salted, very crispy and the lemon added a nice kick to it. BAKED OYSTERS- DO NOT JUST GET ONE! At least get two for yourself because one will do you no good and you'll be begging for another. The oysters were cooked perfectly and the sauce drenched over the oysters were creamy, rich and was topped with bacon bits so you know it's good. EVERYTHING IS BETTER WITH BACON!! =XBONE MARROW w/ Salsa Verde- THE BEST BONE MARROW I'VE EVER HAD!!! THE BEST, I TELL YOU!!! The bone marrow at Marlowe beats all the other bone marrows I've had at other restaurants. The marrow was very rich and the salsa verde perfectly balanced out the dish, you have the richness of the marrow and the tanginess from the salsa verde. The two combined created THE BEST BONE MARROW I'VE EVER EATEN. LET THE OIL DRIP DOWN MY ELBOW!!!THE MARLOWE BURGER w/ Caramelized Onions, Cheddar, Bacon, Horseradish Aloli & Fries- Asked for my burger to be cooked medium-rare and medium-rare was exactly what I got, AWESOME!! The burger was very juicy, with every bite I took some of the juices from the burger would drip down my hands and eventually down my elbows. YES, it can be a bit messy BUT who the hell cares when you're eating a good burger? OH AND, EVERYTHING IS BETTER WITH BACON!! SMILE A LITTLE MOREOur waitress was attentive and checked up on us every now and then, and our waters were always filled. BUT I noticed that the employees all have the same expression on their face, if you would consider it an expression at all. They all had the same stone cold faces and the look in their eyes were blank, like there was no life inside. =T CONCLUSIONThere's no doubt in my mind that I'll be coming back to Marlowe. I cannot get enough of their brussel sprout chips, baked oysters, burgers and MOST OF ALL, I CANNOT GET ENOUGH OF THEIR BONE MARROW. *drools*
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,6/17/2012,676,1583,19,23,28>Confession: I just scarfed down half of my banh mi in under 5 minutes and I am not ashamed. The banh mi at Duc Loi Kitchen takes me back to my childhood. Saturday mornoons in Chinatown with my mother making seemingly endless stops at various markets for produce, the smell of stinky tofu (who remembers the stinky tofu spot on Jackson!?), the wet soggy streets whenever we trudged to and fro between seafood markets until finally, FINALLY - lunch time. I only stood obediently at the curb clutching onto numerous plastic bags bulging with groceries every Saturday for one reason and one reason only: LITTLE PARIS BANH MI. My mother would buy my middle brother and I one banh mi dac biet and a noodle plate. The two of us would sit on one side of the table while my mother would sit on the other side eating the cilantro I would toss out of my half of the banh mi. I would beg my brother to give me his pickled veggies. When he would say no, my mother would offer the carrots out of the fish sauce for our noodles. To this very day, I can remember the crunchy bread that Little Paris in Chinatown had. It was soooo crunchy it would cut the roof of my mouth. The pate was perfect.  It was savory, it was peppery, it was.. umami. Fast forward to last year with me circling around Stockton St for nearly half an hour after dropping my grandmother off to see her doctor. I went into her doctor's office just to tell her that I was going to grab some lunch across the street and I'd be right back, I promise. I sprinted across the street to Little Paris and ordered my banh mi. When I went back, my grandmother was already done with her doctor. She was tired and wanted to go home. So home we went... stuck in traffic for over 45 minutes. It took about 30 minutes to get through the tunnel.. As we sat there in traffic, my grandmother told me to just start eating. I felt sheepish scarfing down my banh in front of my grandmother but she laughed as she watched me pick out the cilantro. She told me I've been doing that since I was a little kid. Some things never change I guess. Then she laughed harder because I had banh mi bread crumbs ALL OVER MY LAP. That was a good Saturday, and it was the last time I ever had a Little Paris banh mi. A month later I had to bring my grandmother to the doctor again. I finally got parking in front of Little Paris. VICTORY IS MINE!! I thought. WRONG. Little Paris was closed, FOR GOOD. I picked my grandmother up and I probably had the saddest look on my face EVER because she kept trying to buy me lunch everywhere else. I trudged around with her carrying her groceries knowing full well I wouldn't be getting a Little Paris banh mi.Now here I am tonight. My belly is full and content just off 1/2 a #1 banh mi from Duc Loi.I already knew off the bat that I wanted to buy some pate to accompany the headcheese I had at home. I was ready to order some but the owner insisted I try it first.  As she grabbed a plantain chip and scooped on some pate, she told me it is homemade and is a little spicier than how most places make it. When she said spicy, I was thinking jalapenos but I was pleasantly surprised to find a familiar taste..... So much freshly cracked black pepper in the pate, not spicy at all to me.. But where? Where have I had delicious pate like this before?? LITTLE PARIS IN CHINATOWN. Immediately I told her it wasn't spicy to me and that I really liked it. I quickly ordered my sandwich and told her I would definitely have some pate to go.NOTE: she sells her pate for $6.99/lb. She was so helpful because I honestly didn't know how much I would need. After further discussion, she estimated 1/4 of a pound for me. Didn't try to upsell me or anything, SCORE!  She's the only person manning the little corner so be patient. She does everything except ring you up (you pay at the supermarket cash registers). While she was toasting my bread, she went off to slice meat for another customer. When she returned, she gave me some other chips to try.   She was so sweet, honest, and friendly. I came home giddy with excitement. Upon first bite, I was taken back to my childhood... The combination of that umami pate, light on the mayo, well pickled veggies, headcheese... .I felt like I was a child again, Saturday mornoons with mom, standing on the curb grasping all our groceries waiting for lunch time..
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2012,6/16/2012,872,470,14,17,16>I felt like I was whisked away to some tropical island far far away from reality.I totally did not expect to find a place like this inside the Fairmont Hotel.  Think Disneyland's The Tiki Room plus a few pirates here and there and then throw in some Asian flavor.  I totally loved it!    There was artificial rain, a moving boat with a live band playing you songs from the islands, a pool right in the middle of the whole shabang, a dance floor on the pseudo deck, and strong tropical cocktails that will really make you fuzzy in the head.  It would be such a cute date spot.  However, be warned.  It will not be a cheap date.  Everything is expensive.  Portions are fairly small.  (i.e. $16 for 6 little chicken skewers)  My friend and I shared two appetizers and we each had a drink.  Our bill came up to about $50.  The menu isn't very extensive either.Oh yeah, please note that there is a $5 cover charge for the live performance..  We didn't know about this cover charge until we were paying our bill.  Eh.. It's definitely a novelty place.  Oh, and apparently, this is where the older crowd gets buck wild.  I'm talking about "men and women in their 40s to 50s getting drunk and dancing around in the hallways of the Fairmont to get to the bathroom" kind of crazy.Food: 3 stars Atmosphere and decor: 4 starsCrowd: 3 starsService: 4 starsOverall:  4 stars just because it's just something different.Side note: Anthony Bourdain did his show here!!
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2012,6/15/2012,258,285,22,23,25>As suggested by yelpers, we arrived about 1.5 hours before they opened but it seemed to be our lucky night. Not only did we find parking right in front of the restaurant, we were practically the only customers there! Instead of waiting outside of the restaurant, we waited in the car and watched a movie on the IPad.15 minutes before they opened, two couples walked up and we knew that was our cue to get out of the car. We grabbed a seat at the bar with the perfect view of the chef preparing our freshly cut sashimi. Though their menu is quite simple and limited in selection, their hot plate menu is written in Japanese so we had to ask what those hot plates were. Also with the help and recommendation from their frequent customers we were able to try some of their popular dishes.-Sashimi combo-Uni-Unagi nigiri-White tail nigiri-Hamachi Kama-Mushroom and asparagusFresh. I was in sashimi heaven. The cuts were huge and the variety of fishes were excellent. The nigiris were as big as my iPhone. The mushroom and asparagus dish was delightful.   Didn't try but I was able to peek at my neighbor's miso soup. Looks hearty and filled with ingredients. You know, not your typical packaged/instant miso soup. I regret not ordering it. That's my excuse to go back.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2012,6/14/2012,1428,724,30,33,36>I saved #600 for my favorite place in my favorite city. My love affair with the Ferry Building is getting pretty serious. We may even get matching tattoos.The Ferry Building makes me feel the way you should feel about the love of your life - you can never be with them too often or too long, and when you're together, you just feel lucky to be in their presence.There's something about it that's magic. When I'm there, I feel overwhelmed by the beautiful scenery at all angles - the Bay Bridge, the water, the incoming ferry boats, the sprawling tree-lined Embarcadero, and of course - the clock tower. And once you step inside, it's a bustling indoor metropolis of sights and smells - you may even call it sensory overload......Miette, Blue Bottle, Ciao Bella, Il Cane Rosso, Cowgirl Creamery, Slanted Door, Hog Island, Scharffenberger Chocolates. It's hard to know where to begin! Now I know how puppies feel when they're taken for a walk - I want to do and see and smell and taste everything at once!I don't care how bad of a day I'm having - when I sit on the benches behind the Ferry Building, overlooking the bay and the bridge, breathe in the salty air, soak in the sunshine and listen to the distant calls of passing seagulls...I.am.cured. This is LOVE.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,6/1/2014,1811,649,19,29,24>Sunday brunch in the City ::groan:: Lines, lines, and more lines.Thankfully, at 1pm, Starbelly's open for business without a line in sight. The place is packed, but seats are definitely available. This calls for a "huzzah!"My friend and I sit down and order a drink: a Michelada (Modelo beer, lemon, spices, and salt with a spicy rim) for me, and a Starbelly 75 (Cocchi Americano, ginger, fresh lemon, prosecco) for her. We are officially happy.We order:+ Chilaquiles: house-made chorizo, corn chips, chile sauce, and cilantro with a house salad. Avocado available on the side (half of an avocado; none of this paltry two paper-thin slices silliness).+ Sunnyside Joe's: Prather Ranch ground beef mixed with aged cheddar, onions, and spinach, with potatoes on the side.Both dishes were beautiful, delicious, and very filling. Attentive service with a smile. Very pleased with brunch time at Starbelly.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,5/31/2014,609,878,8,13,9>So, I came with Alice L a few weeks ago, and we didn't do the 7 course beef that everyone else did, because, well, we eat like waify little people. Instead, we ordered their:* Shrimp Wrapped Sugar Canes - The flavors of this dish were fantastic, the shrimp balls pairing wonderfully with the cooked sugar canes. As a pro-tip, apparently each ball and the sugar cane it wraps is actually pre-cut down the middle already, so, don't do what we did and eat them one ball per wrap!* Hawaiian Leaf Wrapped Beef - While the smell of this dish (from the leaves themselves, I think) were a tad on the offensive side, the flavors themselves were quite tasty: much in the same way that stinky tofu smells terrible, but is also delicious. Not quite as good as the shrimp and sugar canes, but also worth trying.Both of these come with sides of two sauces (a plain fish sauce, and another fish sauce mixed with several others), large lettuce leaves, and a stack of rice paper wraps that you're supposed to wet in the bowl of water. Basically, all of the aforementioned make Anh Hong a DIY spring roll joint. And let me (us) tell you this: if you've never tried making spring rolls before, you'll develop a whole new appreciation for people who do, as you fail time and time again to make a proper one!***Accessibility Info***Venue - A large, spacious restaurant, mostly filled with larger tables. Accessibility shouldn't really be an issue.Bathroom - Didn't check them out.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,5/30/2014,130,53,9,15,13>This is seriously the best ice cream in all of SF!!They only have 4 flavors of ice cream, with classic vanilla and Tcho Chocolate being two constant flavors and the other two constantly changing. This includes one seasonal flavor that changes every month. This place make all of their ice cream right in front of you from scratch. They go from cream (and other ingredients) to ice cream in minutes. And each batch of ice cream serves 3-4 customers. This ensures that your ice cream is very fresh and never frozen or let to sit. The fresher the ice cream, the more light and airy the ice cream. The other great thing about this place is that they always use fresh, local ingredients. I love going into a place and buying a product where I can recognize the name of every ingredient! The ingredients are: milk, cream, honey, sugar, nectarines. My personal recommendation would be: classic vanilla ice cream with cinnamon short bread!  Yum!!
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,5/29/2014,439,177,38,28,25>B: "Hey where to you want to go for lunch today?"N: "Indian Chipotle!"B: "That's not respectful, I believe it's called Tava"N: "Naah dude, it's Indian Chipotle:Do they have an assembly line structure for food? YesDo they have an initial choice of starch (burroti), rice, or greens? YesDo they then ask for chicken or other non-chicken meats (I don't care, I always get chicken)? YesDo they then ask for veggies and spicy sauces? YesDo they make you feel gluttonous by tricking the server to put double salsas and sauces? YesDo they freak you out when the line goes quickly and you choke like a hungry fool when placing the order? YesAnd of course, does the lunch line go out the door and frustrate you so much that you reconsider your complacent lunch choices? Heck yes.Well then, I believe my point has been proven. This place is literally Indian Chipotle!"N -1B - 0---Distinguishing factor: the all-encompassing greatness of Chipotle Mexican Grill spiced-up with Indian flavors and concepts. And of course, naan beats tortilla any day in my book.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,5/28/2014,238,278,11,18,13>I can live off the calamari and sangria here at Cha Cha Cha, if I ever find parking. A solid 3.5 for me - I pondered quite a while to give it a 4. Hey, it stirred a craving in a sangria newbie me, that's worth a half star, right?SANGRIA (half pitcher ~5 glasses)I'm slowly venturing into the world of red wine and sangria is a great way to start! This is only my second time having sangria but let's just say it's TONS better than my first (but then again, my first was at Luna Park and that was horribly watered down). You get a relatively strong whiff of red wine initially but it tastes oh-so-sweet. I've been craving sangria since!FRIED CALAMARI ($9.50)Good balance between calamari and breading. Yumm~ is all. Didn't use the aioli, the fresh lemon juice is enough for me :DCAJUN SHRIMP ($9)5 pieces of shrimp. Sauce is good w/ the bread. $9 though? Ehhh, pass.CEVICHE ($9.50)Good, but not super memorable. Lots and lots of seafood pieces but no fish! I like raw fish in my ceviche, mangJERK CHICKEN ($10)Twas good. Tender meat, delicious sauce. Comes w/ a bed of soft, white rice.Good to try at least once. Would return for the sangria and calamari. But not if I'm gonna drive around for 30 minutes trying to find a parking meter to feed quarters to -__-
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,5/27/2014,1533,1062,19,24,22>Was not expecting much from Elephant & Castle since it looks like your typical pub/restaurant.  An old coworker & I came here for lunch.  I was actually quite impressed with their menu as there were a lot of attractive sounding lunch options.  They also had a variety of poutines and mixed some Indian flair in a few dishes.  He went with the veggie burger and I went with the jalapeno mac n cheese and added bacon for an additional charge.The mac n cheese packed enough heat from the jalapeno and everything is better with bacon of course!  It was cheesy enough without being too rich and I loved the bread crumb topping.  It was also a good portion and I had leftovers to take home. Service was fine and they started picking up as the lunch hour progressed.  3.5 rounded up, wouldn't mind coming back for a lunch or happy hour.  E&C you may have given me faith in pub food.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,5/26/2014,531,91,28,38,37>Finding a "new taste" within the vast Bay Area culinary landscape is a challenge. We have always been spoiled with cuisine from so many cultures. But I never tasted this! The chorizo or bacon wrapped dogs on freshly made hot baked bread with a well balanced amalgamation of fresh toppings that offset greasy meat were so good! I bought a total of 4 to try different varieties over 2 visits. It would go well with cold beer! I tweeted them to ask if they will eventually be selling beer. Sadly, response said beer wasn't in the cards. I agree with my Yelp Elite friend Cherylynn's review - the bread to meat ratio is overwhelming. I threw out half. Also, the hot dog and chorizo weren't hot - only warm. Wish it was hot. The folks here are so friendly. It brightened my day.Heads up: This isn't a sit-in and eat a leisurely lunch kind of place - at least for me. I'd visit again - to get my order to go, if in the neighborhood.Bookmark this one so you can visit it when you are in the neighborhood. Thank me later
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,5/25/2014,179,338,21,21,31>How else would I commemorate my 300th Yelp review, but to dedicate to my all-time favorite restaurant Nopa.  My 7 year love affair has lasted longer than many of my relationships, and even my marriage.  If Nopa was a real female then it would be my perfect marriage.  My obsession with Nopa started on a fateful night after my best friend convinced me to drive up 70 miles from Morgan Hill to try their famous Nopa Burger.  The moment I walked in at 12:30am on Friday night I was hooked.  The ambiance and the energy of Nopa is a little overwhelming, but invigorating at the same time.  To this day Nopa still serves one of the best burgers around, but that's not all.  The menu is revamped everyday with seasonal farm fresh produce sourced from local organic regions in Northern California.  The brined pork chop, pappardelle pasta, flatbread, vegetable Tagine, and a seafood dish are always staples on the menu.The specialty drinks are an art form at Nopa.  Yanni, the bar manager, take great pride in only serving the best drinks that are available.  It even took Yanni a few years perfect the Bloody Mary.  The wine program is always maturing and by far one of the most eclectic and well priced wine lists around.The staff and owners of nopa are by the best people I have known over the years.  They are truly dedicated and passionate with the quality of service and food they serve.  The restaurant is like a well oiled machine all working in harmony to deliver quality and consistency time and time again.Finally, sharing this review with the Duchess of Nopa Janice C.  She is a true friend, and someone I met thru Nopa almost 5+ years ago.  Thanks dear for making those late dinners at the chef counter so memorable.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2014,5/24/2014,273,208,17,13,10>You must bring your girlfriend to Trish's Donuts. This is one cute donut stand with a logo and a font that screams old school love. There's such a 70's vibe here that I swear you might just see Eric Foreman and Mike Kelso around the corner. Anyway, your gal will definitely dig the feelz and it'll be totally disco. This will more or less be your experience :)So you get in line and she scans the menu. 6 for $312 for $524 for $836 for $10 (comes with a free bucket!)The smell of cinnamon sugar bursts through the window and dances around her nose. It's a cinnamon euphoria. She is definitely eyeing the 36 donut bucket, but you know how girls are, they always say things like..."Ooo let's get 6 donuts to share! I don't think I can finish that much."You wanna call her out on the time when she finished the whole box of Oreos by herself, but you decide to play nice today."Let's just get the 36 donut bucket, I hear this place is pretty legit."You reach into the bucket and pop a mini donut into your mouth. So warm, so buttery, and so soft. The donut is engulfed in sugar and cinnamon, yet it is not too sweet. It's just perfect! You feel like you can eat a million of these! But hold your horses broski...Because yo girl gonna eat the other 35.When she has finished devouring the whole bucket, she will inevitably say,"Why did you let me eat all of that. Gee this is all your fault. I told you we should've gotten only 6. Look what you've done!"Lol. Be the bigger person and let it go. Tell her this instead"It's ok because even if you eat a billion of Trish's donuts, you'll still be perfect to me."You just scored so many points that your girl might just buy you a pair of Brons. #winning *WARNING*your girl might just take your word for it and eat a billion of them Trish donuts because they're that good
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,5/23/2014,1447,398,17,23,18>Waffle sweetness sandwiching a warm poached egg :)How can anyone say no?When you first walk in, it's hard to notice this place. The "store" is essentially just one of the 4 "indoor food stands"  within the premise. Most of the folks inside were waiting in line for the other sandwich stand, so it took me a while before I could find the waffle stand. It also took a while (~10 min) for them to actually make the waffles.But man, was it the BOMB.The waffles are unlike any I've tried. It's sweet, but not over-sweet like most waffles. The waffle bread "snaps off" easily when you bite into it, so you don't need to "tear" off pieces like other waffles I've tried. The texture feels "light", and after you eat it, you don't feel full.They've made a waffle that tastes like a delicacy rather than junk food.I did not know that kind of waffles existed :)The poached egg is $1.5 extra, but worth it. Once you bite into it, the yolk overflows like a volcano of warm goo. The liquid yolk complements the dry waffle perfectly.Must. Get. More. Nom nom nom
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,8/13/2013,676,1583,15,18,17>I'm not really a pizza person but when I do eat it, I prefer a thin crispy crust all rustic looking with tons of veggies. And then there's Little Star. I had heard of the wait and it deterred me for so long. Along comes a Saturday when I decided to throw away my 2 1/2 hours of exercise by consuming pizza. No wait during lunch on a weekend, awesome. Restaurant was practically empty. They offer personal sized pizzas during lunch, sweet! Having this option made it easier to order. I didn't want to risk ordering a full sized deep dish pizza and hating it. I'm not a big fan of deep dish pizza but I heard that Little Star could change my mind and that it did!Went with the signature Little Star (personal sized) which is spinach blended with ricotta and feta, mushrooms, onions, garlic. I hate soggy pizza but even as a deep dish, Little Star's cornmeal crust kept everything crunchy. DELISH.I need more pizza in my life. More specifically, more Little Star
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2013,8/12/2013,744,64,13,15,15>My girlfriend and I went to the Castro yesterday to commemorate the momentous lifting of the ban on same-sex marriage in California. It was quite a sight. Castro went absolutely nuts. Hooray equality!Anyway, Kasa Indian Eatery was kind of in the thick of all of it so we decided to check it out. Not bad. Not bad at all. When we got there, there were still a lot of empty tables and a manageable queue but by the time we got our food, the line got pretty crazy and extended all the way to the sidewalk and all the tables had been taken. Good thing there were still some empty stools on the counter by the door. We turned to Yelp (as we often do) to help us decide what to order. The Kati Roll was the consensus so we went with that. And besides, we are fans of anything wrapped in a warm blanket of dough. It makes the food feel safe and loved. We tried the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Lamb Kati Roll and got a few Samosas too. I wasn't too impressed with the Tikka Masala although I think it might have been because we didn't specify to add heat. It lacked that oomph. The Lamb was pretty tasty and very tender and I like how it was mixed with some mint chutney and red onions. Yogurt sauce was also scooped onto the plate and it was a perfect compliment to the strong flavors of the curries.The samosas were pretty delicious too. Especially slathered in some of that refreshing yogurt sauce.All in all, I was fairly delighted with my experience at Kasa and will definitely be back (to try the papadums and the combination plates). The staff is attentive and friendly, the food is cheap and tasty and you can order beer or wine to go along with your meal. I also appreciate the whole "serve and bus your own tray" model. It eliminates the need for paying extra for a service that frankly, we can really do without in most cases.4.1 stars.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,8/11/2013,4636,789,15,20,17>It feels like deja vu writing a review about RickyBobby when I had almost the same food at Broken Record last year.  Yes those same geniuses that came up with their Beef & Bacon Burger and Pulled Pork Waffle Fries have created their own restaurant in the Lower Haight.The Beef & Bacon Burger (Triple B) is still awesome and still one of my top 10 burgers of all time.  Really now, with bacon inside the beef patty, there's no way you can not not like this burger.  The only difference this time is now it's a double patty instead of a single.  More bacon for your buck!!!  Delicious!!bit.ly/12CoceKSweet Potato Tots are good to share with everyone at the table  Especially with their house ranch sauce.bit.ly/Y1hwB9Tried their Lobster Quesadilla Special.  This was really good and had huge chunks of lobster inside.bit.ly/UQTn3QThe space isn't that much bigger than their dining room was at BR.  But it definitely has more room and I do miss the counter where you can see the chefs work their magic behind the kitchen, but the bigger space makes up for it.  If there's one gripe I have with the spot, it's that parking around the area is a crapshoot.  But that's really irrelevant to the dining experience.It's good to see the former BR chefs doing their own thing with RickyBobby and I will definitely return again for another round.  The Beef & Bacon Burger is simply worth coming back for!
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,8/10/2013,506,226,36,28,33>HEY, SYCAMORE. You think you're smooth, huh. Takin us on a trip to FLAVOR TOWN.Man.If someone were to describe me as a food, I'd be a Pork Belly Donut w/maple Makers Mark glaze. Pork Belly, cuz, well. I mean.Donut, cuz, well. I meaaan...Maple cuz I'm sweet. (Come on)Makers Mark cuz I'm a whiskey chick. Glaze cuz I'm smooth and slippery and glossy. Chicka bow wowBut foreal doe. We ordered a gang a sht, like the tilapia spiders, fried chicken sliders, fried Mac n cheese balls w/a jalapeño cream dipping sauce sorta situation, and fries.  All tasted amazing to me.  Maybe it was cuz I had a horrible day at work and what might've been mediocre food tasted like monumental life changing food BUT I BEG TO DIFFER cuz my palate ain't that whack, even on a bad day. And those fries though? Nothin avant-garde bout em. They were just fries. But my friend and I were like DAMMMNNN these are crackin!!! Seriously, like we were on that ganja. My friend was all, man these are perfectly seasoned. And I was like yeah and perfectly crisp. It got deep. It was all very profound. Then we had the pork belly donuts.  Lawdy.  We got all serious again and I said, why'd you fckin take me here?  And went on and on about how interesting and perfect they were.  Pork belly donuts?  Who.does.that? All mad n sht. That's when you know something's good. You get all upset cuz now you know it exists.Hahhaa I just re-read my review and saw that I typed tilapia spiders. Totally meant sliders. Could you imagine. Tilapia spiders. Scary!!Well, wait. .. actuallyNopeStill scarySee ya
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,8/9/2013,3057,2814,22,29,24>Never been here before. Can you believe it? I've written 2,399 reviews and never been here before. It's a good thing that review #2,400 provides the perfect opportunity for me to describe my maiden voyage to Swan Oyster Depot just this past Friday, a good Good Friday. Now it's not that I'm not familiar with the routine. I've seen that line stretch up Polk Street enough times to realize this is no drop-by place unless you make a serious time commitment. And of course, on TV, I've seen a sauntering Anthony Bourdain sop up the crab fat with chunks of sourdough and follically-challenged Lidia Bastianich get a crab meat removal lesson from one of the brother-owners.I got up on Good Friday regaling in the fact that I didn't have to go to work but thinking maybe parked on my sofa watching episodes of Pioneer Woman and Barefoot Contessa was not the best use of my time. I happened to browse Yelp and came upon the knowledge that Swan Oyster Depot opens at 10:30AM during the week. I confirmed that by calling them and finding out that market orders start at 8AM but that the diner part itself opens at 10:30. Hmmm, maybe today is the day I try it since I can just hop on the 19 and be there by around 10:15. Smart move as it turned out since there were already a dozen people waiting.OK, I'll wait since I assume I could get a seat during the first wave of seating. I was right again, and as I was a solitary diner, I gladly accommodated the availability of the weird, higher-than-norm stool in the middle since no one else was willing to take it. Hey, the increased elevation doesn't alter my dining experience. Funny thing was that all the to-go orders were laid out in front of me, so they had to move the white butcher paper and cartons around the counter to serve me. As I was staring intently at the menu on the wall, I was asked by one of the veteran servers whether I wanted a cup of Clam Chowder ($5) and some (Sourdough) Bread and Butter for an extra buck (see photo).The soup was not the calorific creaminess one would expect at a Fisherman's Wharf eatery but a far more briney broth with the freshness of the clams most prominent. I went next with the alluring $21 Combination Seafood Salad. Just look at my photo. I've never seen such a luxuriant pile of crab, prawns, shrimp, lobster and calamari in my life. I couldn't even see the shredded iceberg lettuce at the bottom of the plate, but the Louie dressing was drizzled quite gently on top making all the seafood glisten under the florescent lights. Delicious, fresh and clearly more seafood than one human should eat at a single sitting. But I wasn't about to leave. No, I was determined to try the $18 Sea Urchin.It came in small fillets in a huge spiny shell (see photo). I remember seeing the look of rapture on the face of La Folie's Roland Passot when he ate this with Bourdain on his show (see photo). So fresh that Jiro would approve, I'm sure, and the delicious flavor was subtle which I dared to kick up a notch with some hot sauce. Enough already? I don't think so. How can you visit an oyster depot and not have oysters. For $14, I ordered a half-dozen of the Blue Point Oysters with a sundae goblet of cocktail sauce (see photo). By now, it was quite clear this was one of the freshest seafood meals I've ever had in this city or frankly anywhere outside the Tsukiji Fish Market in Tokyo.FOOD - 5 stars...fresh seafood they've prepared for over a century...I think they have it right nowAMBIANCE - 4 stars...like eating in a shack on an East Coast pier...part of its charmSERVICE - 4.5 stars...hectic, friendly and never hurried...another part of its charm...oh and bring cash, lots of it :-)TOTAL - 5 stars...so I can finally check it off the bucket list...it was getting embarrassing
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,8/8/2013,621,355,14,18,16>How do you update a deserved 5-star review? I'll illustrate how I, a mom simply making dinner, have used Spice Ace's magical little jars in just one week. I made:*An omelette using Spice Ace's white pepper and its chives. I sprinkled some of the delicious white truffle sea salt on top.*Crock pot carne asada, seasoned with Spice Ace's onion powder and chile powder.*Pan-roasted chicken seasoned with onion powder and porcini mushroom powder. *Crock pot spicy/honey sesame chicken, seasoned with onion powder, red bell pepper powder and finished with Spice Ace's organic sesame seeds.*A fresh strawberry and kale smoothie with a sprinkle of Spice Ace's raspberry powder.*A cup of jasmine tea, sweetened with Spice Ace's ginger cane sugar.Three years ago, I was the girl who burned Hamburger Helper. Since then, I've become a basic cook and the big difference is Spice Ace makes it taste like I really know what I'm doing. The boost in flavor, thanks to the magical jars from Spice Ace, is amazing. And the spices are cheaper than your grocery store  - and a lot fresher!
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,8/7/2013,536,1541,7,10,10>This epitomizes a hole-in-the-wall dive bar down a random alleyway in San Francisco and this is the exact place to be if you just need to get a drink without the premium price tag. Come in, order a drink, and take a seat on the mismatched chairs or play some pool. Admire the huge disco ball and trophies. Most importantly, check out the bathroom. If you're prone to seizures it might be a bad idea to go inside the restroom because it could be too much sensory overload--you'll feel like you're urinating inside a painting. Like Elbo Room, they have a shot and beer deal for $5, all day everyday. Any place that has this deal is worth a visit or 2. The restaurant next door (The Box) looked good but I didn't get a chance to try it since I had just eaten at The Chieftain nearby. Lots of people dealing/doing drugs are usually hanging around the entrance. Need a drug dealer? It will be readily apparent.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2013,8/6/2013,934,838,22,27,23>Despite how my reviews look (or what my parents think), I really do try to eat healthy when I can.  Burger and pizza joints may pop up more often than they should in my profile, but it's only because it's so much more fun to write about the naughty stuff!  Well, and to eat the naughty stuff too...but I'm sure that's just secondary to the writing.  ;)Although I honestly had a salad in mind, "Eggs Benedict" uncontrollably blurted out of my mouth when we got to the register - some habits are just hard to break, you know?  Fortunately, despite my misstep, The Plant Café's version didn't leave me feeling all that guilty.  Served with Wild Smoked Salmon, Poached Eggs, Spinach, Herbed Crème Fraîche, and Roasted Potatoes, everything worked well for the most part.  The crème fraîche was a fine substitute for the unhealthier hollandaise sauce, and the smoked salmon was delicious.  What kept the dish from being great though was the English muffin everything sat on - mushy and a bit flavorless to me.While I would ultimately give THREE AND A HALF STARS if I could, I only rounded up instead of down because my Citrus C Juice Blend (strawberry, orange, apple) was pretty good.  If it weren't for that, this would really be three stars.  Still, it's great how no matter what you order, the food is bound to be fresh and relatively healthier for you.  Even the eggs benedict.  Or at least, so I hope...
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,8/5/2013,476,561,14,20,16>Dine at Capo's if you want to fill your belly with delicious tomato sauce, garlic, and meats! Their main attraction is Chicago-style deep dish pizzas - they also offer three other kinds of crusts: the stuffed, the cast iron (which to my understanding is more bready), and the 'cracker thin' - which is more like NY-style pizza. They also serve appetizers, salads, sides, meat entrees, and pastas and have a full cocktail menu, along with beer and wine.Since the deep dish pizzas take approximately 35 minutes to cook, we ordered a side of three meatballs. They were full of flavor and had a lot of sauce to pair with their complimentary bread and bowl of minestrone soup, which were also delicious. As we waited, I took in the decor - it's a new restaurant with lots of old fashion fixtures and detailing, tin ceiling, lots of brick and wood, long bar, medium-size dining area with a combo of large booths, tables & chairs, and the bathrooms are clean and new. The staff is knowledgeable, attentive and helpful. Our pizza arrived sooner than expected and we thoroughly enjoyed it. A beautiful blend of flavors and textures - we had the Old Chicago which includes Italian sausage, meatballs, garlic, mozzarella, provolone, romano cheeses, oregano, and lots of robust tomato sauce. It's a very hearty pizza (one size offered, which was a large) and we could only fit one slice a piece. The rest we boxed to go - it felt like it weighed at least 7 pounds!We are happy we celebrated Valentine's Eve at Capo's! Between the two of us, the pizza continued to last for another couple meals! Now 'That's Amore!'PS: Cash only.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/29/2013,8/4/2013,285,169,9,10,10>If you work in the Embarcadero/Financial District, you know that there aren't many options as far as Mexican food is concerned so I was glad to find 201 Taqueria tucked away in a corner of Burger Bistro. I checked out the menu and it reminds me a lot of Chipotle's concept. You can choose from tacos, burritos or taco salads. There are also quesadillas, nachos and chips and salsa and guacamole. I ordered a regular chicken burrito. They make it right in front of you and ask you to pick your fillings like at Chipotle. The burrito was pretty standard. I wasn't thrilled with the rice and I wish I had asked for no rice, and more beans or extra chicken like the customer that ordered before me. The burrito was &5.99 and quite filling. You can take your food to go and there are also options for calling ahead or you can dine in. Because the taqueria shares the space with Bistro Burger, there is plenty of seating.I think I will definitely come back when I get a burrito craving while at work.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2007,1/12/2008,359,743,46,41,40>Mine is an existence filled with the search for inner self-expansion and oneness. Mostly through social engagements involving attractive people and bars, but you know. Girl, I am busy. Biz-AY. I don't have time to stop and ponder the problems of the material world, and I resent any activity that forces me to sit still for too long and do so. This includes laundry. Because while I like doing my own laundry when the time and circumstances are right (and by that I mean when I have my own brand new eco-friendly washer and dryer and a selection of various detergents for different purposes), the time is rarely right and the circumstances are frankly nonexistent. And what is the point of living in a metropolis if you have to do your own laundry and cook your own food?So, I don't have laundry facilities in my apartment building. It's a minor demerit against what is otherwise the perfect apartment building, but nonetheless it's a problem I was grappling with for a while. Because while I don't have time to personally attend to my lights and darks, if they aren't done properly I freak out a little bit.  That's right, I don't like to do things myself, but I prefer that they be done my way. I'm awesome that way. Also, I make an excellent girlfriend. Neither is my laundry service, anymore, because I use the LAUNDRY LOCKER. And frankly, if you're not using it too, you're a dumbass. Or you have your own washer and dryer in which case fuck you. And may I give you this lingerie bag? Now, don't get me wrong. I adore Snow White Cleaners at 340 Judah. They're my neighborhood shop, and the sweetest ladies around. But they don't dry on low, and they don't let me specify detergents like Ecos Magnolia and Lilies or Woolite Dark, they don't TEXT MESSAGE ME when my shit is ready, and they certainly don't deliver my wash and fold to a convenient location. (For free, dude. It's basically the Zipcar of laundry. Insane value for the utility, excellent use of available technology.)
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2007,1/11/2008,204,309,43,24,31>RB3C, where are you?!A recent double-scoop of Roasted Banana w/Coconut Curry Chocolate that blew my friggin' mind. The ice cream here is near perfection - dense, smooth and creamy. They also rotate a nice array of innovative and ultra-fresh classic flavors - all organic, all good, except one. What I'm about to say may incur the ire of every other bandwagoneer on this mofo, but here goes:The Salted Caramel flavor sucks. Hard.THAT'S RIGHT, I SAID IT! And I'm not even SORRY! You wanna bring it?! BRING IT!* My RB3C will BEAT DOWN your Salt-Lick faster than the 'My Little Pony' on your too-tight hipster-trash shirt can nuffle it! You know what your pony says when he tastes that stuff? NAY! NAY! Translation: Get your Holly Hobbie ass back in there and get me something that doesn't make me MORE thirsty!Nah, who am I kidding? Everything here is 'DANG!' good. They could make ass-flavored ice cream here and we'd still line up around the corner.BTW, I meant 'BRING IT!' in a pint with some spoons.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2008,1/10/2008,525,127,22,32,35>I think it's hard for a guy is to go shopping during the holidays. You get dragged into a mall with ; screaming kids, rude pedestrians, and 22 year old retail employees showing you things that make you look like "old dude in the club". Top that off with low blood sugar and it's not a good experience for the guy or anyone else in his vicinity.I recommend guys do two things. 1. Don't wait last minute to by gifts. You'll be stuck in a store with your fellow procrastinators fighting over a Nintendo Wii for your nephew. 2. Shop at small stores, you know, mom and pop and independent businesses.One of my favorite small business in SF is Upper Playground.  It's great for what I call the everyday "mindful/casual" look. This place has durable gear that fits me really well, it can be intermingled with basics I already have, and they can shift into streetgear you can rock at night. You may look like a bum but you get to show you have a little style.I did about a 3rd of my  x-mas shopping there;) I bought two prints for 2 couples I know, a few T's for my hommies, a couple of mugs for clients, some baby clothes, and a couple of books.  You don't have to be knee deep in Hip Hop roots to shop there either. It's all about urban dwelling. You'll see a big mix of folks in there and the staff is helpful and mature, meaning- you won't have to know the the real names of the Wu-Tang Clan to stroll in and have someone help you out.go...
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2007,1/9/2008,429,327,43,29,53>[Check.. check.. is this thing on?  Sing-A-Long  to "My Favorite Things" from the Sound of Music.  Happy Holidays!]Chocolate or Apple or Crawfish with Cheddar,Beignets, at Brenda's, don't get any better,"Made fresh with love!" they most certainly sing,These are a few of my favorite things.Cream flavored Biscuits and Buttermilk Pancakes,Add Nuts and / or Berries, Bananas you crave,Omelettes, Andouille, Egg-Bacon Tartine,These are a few of my favorite things.House-Made Granola and Ham with Molasses,Sav'ry goodness only NOLA surpasses,Gulf Shrimp and Goat Cheese, Grillades served with Grits,These are a few of my favorite things.Some bleak morning,Will my day bring?Brenda's? Makes me glad!I simply remember my favorite thingsAnd then I don't feel so bad!
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2007,1/8/2008,324,330,73,34,54>"Bucky!"..where's that coming from..."Bucky!!"...am I going crazy? Who's yelling my name..."Bucky!!! Get up in the cage with me!!!"....Oh. Hell. NO. Looking up, I see my friend who was next to me a few moments ago, dancing away in the cage. In the Stud Bar. Shirtless, hairless, and Asian, and up til a few seconds ago seemingly straight. A few potential suitors start to gravitate towards him. He is the Death Star and they are competing Millennium Falcons. A gentleman in a tux approaches my wife and myself, whose mouths are agape watching the scene unfold. "Is he dating anyone?" he asks."At this moment, I'm gonna have to say he is available for anything... I think" was my reply.He smiles and disappears into the crowd.How did we get here?? I laughingly ask myself. I can tell you how. We had all started off at Bootie where we were dancing the night away when one our group starts to complain. "We always go to the straight bars... Just once I wanna go to my bars!" Bye bye Bootie. Hello Stud!!The DJ at Stud is on point. She controls the packed wall-to-wall sweaty crowd easily. After a few minutes of acclimation we are back to dancing and having a great time. Looking back I wonder if my experience would have been different without my wife there. I'm not egotistical enough to think I would have been hit on all night, but would I have been more self-conscious about dancing in a sea of gay men?? Either way, I'm not worrying about that, because I am dancing with a pretty lady all night. The crowd, the staff, the music at Stud... all great. I would have no qualms about coming back and getting down. But whatever happened to my friend in the cage?? Well, that's his story to tell you....
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2007,1/7/2008,128,224,42,26,27>This is my favorite restaurant in San Francisco.   I always get stuck ordering too many plates because everything looks and tastes so damn good.   The hamachi, scallops, potato leek soup are my favorites.   I usually avoid the big meaty plates here so I can order more small plates.   Six is plenty for two people to eat in a night. I want to say that this place will get you laid, or at least it has gotten me laid in the past, but last night it didn't.     I blame myself, not you Isa.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2007,1/6/2008,465,700,38,39,39>I learned a few things the other day at Bean Bag cafe.1) if you are a girl, and you walk by the pot shop on Divisadero by yourself...you will get hollered at.  In the holla holla, thats right girl, ooooh, keep walkin cuz i like to see you leave, kind of way.2) there are 250 cups of beer in a keg.  Now, I don't know if that is true or not, but i was chatting with some gentlemen about how The Beanbag can get away with selling $1.29 pints of beer from 3:30 to close EVERY day.  We figured they were selling beer for cost...to get people in the restaurant.  Apparently their dinner crowd used to lack, and seeing as though their food is awesome, they wanted to get people in the restaurant somehow.  You know at $1.29 a pint, they wont be drinking just one, and then by beer 4 or 5 you probably think to yourself...man I'm hungry, and then dine on some fabulous Bean Bag grub.  Their calamari is the shit.   Don't be fooled though.  The imports like Stella....those are $1.40 a pint.Would you like to be a part of a contest that helps figure out the exact # of beers in a keg?  Wouldn't that be fun?  I thought so.3) If you are a dude...particularly a kind one who bought me a beer for no other reason than he saw me sitting alone waiting for my drink date, and a crack whore is walking by...she will stop and talk to you.  These are few and far between on Divisadero, but apparently she will bargain down from $20 BJ's to free.  What a deal!4) A lesson i learned a long time ago....you can recover quite nicely from a hangover at the beanbag.  They have great crepes, salads, bagel sandwiches, smoothies, coffees, teas, and its all written on a brightly colored chalkboard.  And in my world...if the restaurant has a brightly colored chalkboard, the food must be good.5) I love my neighborhood...and it gets more solid for me every time i come here.  At night, drinking cheap beer, I have met some great neighborhood peeps, who are always willing to bum me smokes, talk to my dog, buy me beer and just be the awesome Western Addition kids that they are.  Breakfast, lunch or dinner, you can find me here.  On occasion.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2007,1/5/2008,4425,2604,38,42,40>This place should really be called The Happy Place because once you step in here and catch a meaty whiff of those tasty sausages, the grilling onions and the hot yummy buns, oh my, you are most definitely transported to happyville.I certainly was after stopping by the Mad Dog In The Fog on Friday to meet up with friends only to find them all chomping away on these sausage sammiches. Where the...how the...what the...was all I could think even though I had just eaten an hour or so before. I finally couldn't resist anymore and went across the street to Happy Place and made that deelish reality mine.In addition to the yumfest, the guys working here are super friendly and personable and definitely add a few stars to the experience. I foresee many a drunken evening here stuffing myself senseless with meat that pops in my mouth. Wait, what?
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2007,1/4/2008,368,167,31,33,33>Let's go back to the SATsQuestion 1:Harris' Restaurant : Steak :: (a) Bacon Dog Cart : Hot Dog(b) Naan 'n' Curry : Indian(c) Crustacean : Crab(d) McDonald's : FoodEven if you don't know the answer, remember it's always a good idea to go with (c) as your guess.Yeah, Crustacean is about that good.  I peeked a couple of other reviews prior to writing up this reviews.  I came to a quick conclusion.  Their expectations were entirely out of line.THIS IS A FANCY RESTAURANT.It's East Coast.  Let's go hypothetical.  Let's say you decide that Casual Friday is for suckers and you want to have Casual Thursday.  Even though you're rocking some sick threads (ltd. ed. Gama-Go t-shirt and an adidas originals hoodie), they're still going to insist you have a collared shirt.  Fortunately they have some stylish loaner shirts in rare and exotic douchebaggery bold stripped patterns.But you're not hear to listen to my rants about their dress code.  You want to know that the food is like.I'm a huge fan of calamari.  SQUID IS DELICIOUS.  (This is another important part of the review.  If you don't agree with the previous statement, you might as well just stop reading now.  It's not going to get any better.)  They served up this amazing fried calamari appetizer with a salt & pepper sprinkled over it that was nothing short of delightful.  I fell in love immediately.I'm decidedly not a fan of eating an entire crab at a restaurant.  I know it's a delicacy.  I'm a man of principles and I don't believe I should work that hard for my food at a restaurant.  For crissake, I'm paying for this and I want someone else to do the work for me!  Is that too much to ask?!Okay, enough ranting.  Back to the food.My dining companions who do not share my avoidance of work at a fancy restaurant exclaimed jubilantly about the quality of their crab.  I  personally continued my love affair with eating squid by ordering the stuffed calamari dinner.  Simply put: delicious.  tasty.  awesome.  The whole experience was like some kind of ambrosiac sea sausage, delivered on a bed of lettuce.I kinda wanted to keep the awful shirt they loaned me... but alas it was not meant to be.Provided you know what you're getting into, Crustacean serves up a wonderful dining experience.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2007,1/3/2008,490,1086,26,26,33>NUMBER 400, Bitches!!! Valley Tavern is, as of this past Saturday, October 27, 2007, on my list of favorite places. Not only did they graciously allow us to take over their bar and patio for an SF Food Bank Fund Raiser and Live Date Auction, but it is also the establishment where Matthew Capital R officially bought the cow (me, mooooo) when he already gets the milk for free. That's right. Matthew outbid everyone for a date with moi, who he already gets to do a lot more than date with. Aaah, My Hero!I used to avoid Valley Tavern. Mostly because I'd spent more than a few nights there, being hit on by men old enough to be my dad. But Valley Tavern appears to have changed a lot in the past 4 years. The crowd is younger, the bar staff is quick and generous, and the owners are clearly saints of the highest caliber. (In addition to allowing a full Yelp takeover for fund raiser purposes, they also gave us beer specials and donated a percentage of sales for Saturday night). There were hot boys aplenty, drink orders were filled quickly, and  the place is huge as far as neighborhood bars go. There are pool tables and lots of tvs to watch sports on, too.  On principle alone, I'll be back and I'll recommend Valley Tavern for parties, get-togethers, and afternoon drinking on the patio. Thank you Valley Tavern for a memorable night. I look forward to more.  Thank you, Euge and JR, for bringing everyone together for such a great cause. And thank you, boyfriend, for making me the happiest girl in the whole universe :)
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2006,10/14/2006,248,125,16,15,14>It was my first time with Alex, so he took it slow. (That's HIS joke.) Not only does he know hair, but he also has a fun, sarcastic sense of humor. He's young, low-key, straight, and adorable! (Thank you, Dunzo S!)Alex understood my desire for a simple, clean look. I've had too many traumatic haircut experiences. How often have I asked for a 1-inch trim only to have 1-foot taken off? Alex knows his measurements. Be prepared to book your appointment early. I booked mine in late April and finally saw him this weekend (mid-Aug). He no longer offers the reduced price for first-timers, so haircuts are $75. His salon is located in a residential building; there is no sign, so go prepared with the exact address.I agree with others -- he enjoys asking about your love life. To those who are put off by this: seriously, what else would you expect a hairdresser to ask you? What are your favorite cuts of meat? Well, maybe. But he's vegan, so he's probably not talking about beef.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/26/2006,10/13/2006,749,974,37,5,14>(Dramatic re-enactment)Gay BF: Hay girl!!! How you doin'?Me: Ugh...fer reals??  Fucking shitty.Gay BF: Men?Me: Yes but not in a romantic sense.  Honey...why do men think that having a penis is the most important goddamned(sorry god) thing!!Gay BF: Because straight men are stupid that way. Me: And my own people are the worst fucking agitators about that shit!!Gay BF: Latin men do have issues with women.Me: I mean honestly how am I supposed to do my job when all they see is a young Latina who is smarter than they are! And it's only the Latino clients that do this.  They go behind my back and talk to the men in my company.  Is it wrong to bitch slap your clients?Gay BF: I bet if you had sex with them they'd listen to you.Me: No they'd just want more sex then tell me to make them food.Gay BF: What do you want for lunch?  I know...Chocolate!!Me: Ooooo....yes!!Gay BF: Haagen Daz?Me: I love you!!  You're the only man who respects me and would never lie to me to get into my pants.  Unless you wanted to borrow them, cuz quite frankly you would probably look way better in them than I.I love 7-Eleven because they made me instantly happier.  A pint of Chocolate Haagen Daz for lunch.  They even gave me a spoon for immediate enjoyment!
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2006,10/12/2006,43,113,33,17,15>After a night of hitting up a dank Chinatown eatery and eavesdropping on the old regulars reminisce about their youthful days, then complaining about our own shitty lives while carousing at an old saloon, my li'l girlfriend the lecher and I hit up the ol' Lusty Lady.  She'll fill you in on much more detail soon, but I thought I'd get a word in.Based on some previous ventures and word-of-mouth, my li'l friend promised me some crazy old pervs jacking off in booths, some prime c-section gash, and some realistic zitty thighs and razor burn.  Hell yes, time to get some real girls, not all foundation-sprayed and plasticized porn barbies.There should be a guy-stripper night.  Male versions of the girls here.  Skinny punk boys, cubs, tattoos, hip bones, Mission rats desperate for a buck.  But no tweakers.  Nobody wants to see some limp ass shit rolling eyes to the back of their heads.  I'm'a petition the Lusty Lady for some Lusty Lancelots though.Actually, this was not my first trip to the Lusty Lady.  About four years ago, I met up with a random stranger from chatting in some ghetto San Leandro chat room on AOL because we both knew people from the local high school.  He said he had to take his friend Diana for an audition at the Lusty Lady, and asked me to come along.  We picked up three 15-year-olds from Red Robin at Bayfair Mall -- Ghetto Beth, Gay Adam, and Quiet Erin.  We went and picked up Diana from her apartment across from the high school, and while Ghetto Peter (the initial stranger) scrounged her place for some lip balm, she asked me, "Should I wear a thong or nothing at all?"I was all, "Dude, leave a little mystery that you can take off later, even if it is only half a linear centimeter."Maybe I'll write about the rest of THAT adventure in a review of Peter and his car he bought from the Latter Day Saints, but one $4 tank of gas and a hiding of Gay Adam's shrooms after an illegal left turn in Chinatown later, we were milling about the viewing booths at the ol' Lusty as Diane dug in her purse for a non-existent ID.  The 15-year-olds had to go to Peter for some quarters, and they said it was amazing.  I was all shy and just stared at the Polaroids of goth tattooed dredlock girls.Fast forward to tonight -- we changed a 20 at the front desk and swept right in.  Now mind you, this was a Monday night, so ain't no gaggles of googling guys all drooling over my friend's boobies like the last time she went.  But there was still cum on the floor and on the window to throw tissues on!  The girls tonight were actually more of the flawless, perfectly in shape variety.  Dude, they must use Pro Activ or something.  They were hella perfect.And perfect girls get relegated to Monday night.  It's all about real-ass Fridays.  We had a brief chat with the girl in the private booth, and we showed her our nipples, and it was a good ole' time and all, but I look forward to revising this review with a further visit.Not that we feel like we can just float through.  I'm sure the girls in the booths call *everyone* adorable and look all disappointed when the window shade starts going down.  But yeah, I'm sure I looked like a gaping fool because I was so amused, and I'm sure my friend was being facetious when she answered when asked, "So, you two are all horny on a lonely Monday night?  I am.""Hell yeah we are.  So how many minutes do we have left?"She thinks I should come every day at lunch.  Just a quick 3 minutes.  Somewhere to sit and eat my sandwich.  I'm hella afraid of seeing someone from work.  It's like seeing someone at K-Mart and being all embarrassed, but then you realize, "Wait, you're here too.  Nevermind.  Haaaaaay."
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2006,10/11/2006,43,29,26,10,17>okay, first things first: if you drink at all you will not get out of here without a severe headache the next day.  it doesn't matter what you order: the drinks are all made of 10% pineapple juice 20% alcohol and like 200%  high fructose corn syrup, topped with a pink umbrella and five maraschino cherries.  Just how momma likes it.ladies and gentlemen, if you have not been here, it is worth the headache.  There is nowhere like this on earth (but probably there is in heaven i don't know i haven't been there).  i can only think that this bar was dreamed up in an alcoholic black out after pounding singapore slings and pork buns for 48 hours straight.  i give it four stars for the atmosphere (three of those stars are for the indoor monsoons. they are maybe the best idea a human being has ever had ever.)  the last star is because of the two fantasies this bar has inspired in me.  Don't worry, I will share.THE FIRST DREAM:Finally, I scare up the nerve to do what my friends and I have been threatening to do for a long time, and stow away on the band ship.  I stay hidden (behind the speakers? underwater with a straw from the bar? I haven't figured out that part yet) until we're in the middle of the lagoon and there's NO ESCAPE.  Then, with catlike agility, I pop up, chloroform the singer, and take the mic.  I start out with a song i know will get them.  I sing: Cocomo.  Now in normal life, i have an unbridled hatred for the beach boys but for some reason, tonight, cocomo just seems right.  at first the band is stunned and suspicious and i have to sing a cappella.  then the keyboard player in the turquoise blazer starts nodding--he gets it.  He starts to jam along.  pretty soon I've even won over the cynical alcoholic drummer who should have quit years ago.  when that song is over, without speaking, together on the same transcendental plane of groove, we all simultaniously launch into a thirty minute long cover of chic's LE FREAK.   by the second time i tell the crowd that le freak c'est chic the entire bar is FREAKING OUT.  They are all both FEELING THE RHYTHM and also CHECKING THE RIDE. I BRING THE MFING HOUSE DOWN.  i leave, to return only in the legend told in whispers late at night.  FANTASY NUMBER TWO: it's the last song before closing.Surrounded by elderly tourists and conventioneers, i'm holding my special someone and doing the 8th grade slow dance two step while the chick on the boat sings "tiny dancer".  the bartender is wiping down the bar, the waiters are finishing their side work, the singer's voice is tired and gravelly, and i'm just swaying back and forth with the old people and silently weeping with the beauty of it all.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2006,10/9/2006,359,743,30,22,24>I have been known to imbibe on occasion. Well, let's not play. I am a wino, and also a lush. And anywhere there is sangria, you might find me doing a little dance, singing along with Barry White and making my companions slightly uncomfortable.Actually, on the real tip, "Can't Get Enough of Your Love" is one of my favorite things in life. Whenever I hear it, I muster what small bits of funk and soul live deep down in this bland white girl (I would not go so far as to say I have an Oakland Booty, but perhaps a Berkeley Booty, or more appropriately, a Potrero Hill Booty, which is where the funk resides) and proceed to pantomime Mr. White's timeless monologue. "I've heard people sayin'... too much of anything is not good for ya, babe...But... I don't know about that... as many times as we've loved and shared love and made love... it just doesn't seem to me like it's enough... it's just not enough..."And here's the thing: I've heard that song maybe 5,341 times to date. I hear it in my sleep I know it so well. But no person has ever made me feel like singing that song to them; I've been plagued by the song's meaning because... who am I singing for? This ode of odes, this decadent song of devotion? Will I never feel these feelings??And then I met The Front Porch. Cue crescendo of 70's fabulousness."MY DARLING I... CAN'T GET ENOUGH OF YOUR LOVE, BABE..."I went on a Thursday night, which is prime for dining so you must make a reservation. Which they take. And you best not be so gauche as to assume they will seat you without your whole party present. Have you seen this place?? It is SMALL. But much like Newman-O's, and the iPod nano, and Dunzo S., petite packages can pack a serious dose of awesome. And the Front Porch is awesome.Inevitable comparisons will be made with Farmerbrown, for obvious reasons. (Like novelty cornbread and a strangely similar coating on the fried chicken. Oh, and also the san franciscanized soul food concept.) But I am well acquainted with Farmerbrown's precipitous decline of late (RIP, good food and service), and you should not judge the son for the sins of the father. (Um, I am in no way implying a parental relationship between the two restaurants. I have no firsthand knowledge of any relationship beyond some creepy similarities.)Anyway, Front Porch is like your badass little sister who got a bunch of tattoos and slept around in high school, but has matured into a pot smoking antique dealer with really fucking good food. Like delicious fried chicken, black eyed peas and greens, plantain chips with a tuna poke type thing, fried plantains (FRIED PLANTAINS ARE MY FAVORITE THING IN LIFE, AS YOU MAY KNOW), a thoughtful vegan entree, smoky soups and gratuitous avocado. Oh, and a bowl of grits that you stir in some chili oil and make a magical bowl of creamydeliciousness.Cue the mellow sounds of Barry:"IT'S LIKE THE MORE YOU GIVE, THE MORE I WANT IT... BABY, THAT'S NO LIE..."I would probably have done a better job describing the menu if we weren't busying ourselves sucking down peachy sangria and pinot grigio out of juiceboxes, lunchbox style. Yes, really. My baby is all class.In fact, I don't even remember dessert. But I do remember that they made an attempt at tin ceilings, which were frighteningly inauthentic, but a sweet gesture. Um, if you are actually interested in the merits of the interior from an architectural historian's perspective, I will say that the bathroom is where it's at. In sum, great environment, nice owner, fantastic place to take a date or four bitches you're trying to ply with cheap wine and delicious foods.And so, Front Porch, I grab the (fake) mike and say to you:"Baby, it may take all of my life...to find you... but you can believe it's going to take the rest of my life... to keep you... oh Oh OH DARLING I... CAN'T GET ENOUGH OF YOUR LOVE, BABE!!"
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2006,10/8/2006,204,309,21,9,19>Rollin' red rocketSpent whip, don't lock it  *badonkadonk , badonkadonk*Bangin' up ArguelloHad to run the yellow*badonkadonk , badonkadonk*Drift around Stow LakeCoppin' trays o' cakes*badonkadonk , badonkadonk*Kristina baked four dozenFor all the Yelpin' cousins*badonkadonk , badonkadonk*Sweets in the waybackC.C. calls 'em cup-crack!*badonkadonk , badonkadonk*Think you're the nails?Do cupcakes-n-cocktails*badonkadonk , badonkadonk*Wha's that bumpin' soundWhen scraper hits the ground?*badonkadonk , badonkadonk*Wagon needs new strutsIt's drivin' like I'm nuts*badonkadonk , badonkadonk*Book it to the phoneHolla at Autozone*badonkadonk , badonkadonk*They got my KYBsWith lifetime guarantees*ba-ding! shmooove..*
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/3/2006,10/7/2006,109,18,36,16,33>jesus christ, the place is fine, but after all these reviews i expected the skies to open and morroccan prostitutes to greet me at the door offering plates of wine and cheese, all while swaying their hips and leading me into a lush pillowed enclave of silk curtains and burning incense. The atmosphere is fine, but nothing special. It's definitely better than muddy waters, but not as good as Revolution Cafe. Plain wood tables and chairs, a few worn couches, free wi-fi, it's decent. And I am SO sick of hearing about their fair trade coffee -- big whoopdeedooda. There are a million places in the city that offer fair trade coffee, for fuck's sake. The meat they serve is not organic OR free-range -- the way workers and the environment (not to mention the animals) are exploited in the meat industry is FAR worse than in the coffee industry. It's lame that people are so quick to embrace the "trendy" social issues, but don't bother with an issue that's not as popular but more important. That's not real activism -- that's pseudo hippy crap. Blech.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2006,10/6/2006,394,1232,31,10,16>I hope this 1000th review - placing me within the uber-elite Yelp Millennium Club - is sufficiently anticlimactic.   This review is about wax.  Wax has proven especially useful as a medium capable of being melted, molded and sculpted into some of the most horrific shapes you will ever see. Many of civilization's most revered and important historical figures stand eternally on display at this museum:  Washington, Churchill, Roosevelt, Martin Luther King Jr., Darwin, Beethoven, Mozart, Van Gogh, Mary Kate Olsen, Rembrandt, Hemmingway, Gandhi, Shakespeare, Moses and his friend Jesus, Nelson Mandela, Einstein, Newton, Da Vinci, Donny & Marie Osmond, Pope John Paul.  They're all here. The wax makes some of the figures appear contorted, like they may have a touch of Downs' Syndrome (Jack Nicholson and Tom Cruise took the Oscars in this category), while others look like they may be afflicted with a smidge of mild retardation (Britney Spears easily won the tiara here).  The most unsettling shocker of all was that many of the celebs' wax counterparts look way better than the real deal. (I've never seen Sly Stalone look as good, for example.) Whatever it is, words cannot do justice to this exhibit.  (See listing's freshly uploaded pictures for your viewing pleasure.)So next time your brother rolls into town with his brand new Ukrainian mail order bride, do some sightseeing and take them on a stroll through this classic Wharfside tourist trap.  You are guaranteed to walk out more disturbed than if you saw a guy eat the brains out of a live monkey (on display for a limited time only in the Chamber of Horrors).   Now isn't that worth the 12 dollar price of admission???:|
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2006,10/5/2006,385,248,24,7,16>In my previous life - I was an ant who worked hard for 580 years. Everyday I walked 55 miles to get food for my family. I lost all family members in the stampede when Bloomingdales first opened on 3rd and Lex in New York. Thats a lot of karma. Bloomingdales on Market Street will be the deep pocket award in exchange of my past life hard work.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2006,10/4/2006,2747,1075,33,19,18>I didn't realize until we were inside that there's more to this store than clothing.  Furniture, fascinating art lamps, linens and bathroom stuff, kitsch ... It's like a mini Macy's.  The price tags are expensive, and it looks like most of the customers are, too.  Some of the clothing looks really good, but none of it looks like I wouldn't find it somewhere else.  As a living gallery, this place is tops!  Bottom line:  Did we buy anything?  Well, no ...
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2012,11/27/2012,183,169,44,11,17>Beads of sweat drip down my forehead. It's hot and it is wet.  The heat is burning my lungs and I believe that we are almost finished. She stands over me wearing nothing more than her undergarments. She says with in a forceful tone: Turn Ovaahr  Prah-eeese!  She grabs my wet legs and flips me-I flop over wet like a fish at the Tsukiji Market in Japan. I start to wonder why this is necessary. She takes a bucket of hot water and dumps it on me. She asks with a toothy grin: Water ok? No, I haven't found myself in a new S&M club.As part of the TWTP I have decided to knock out new cultural event for the month as well as work on my beauty routine- and I have ended up at the highly regarded secret Korean Day Spa in Japantown.  It is apparent by the outside of this building that "westerners" are not to find this place; red Korean letters mark the spot.  Our cab driver insists that this is NOT a spa but a school and doesn't want to drop us off.  I insist that this was the address that we were given and have to practically jump out of the car. So here I am in my birthday suit- getting the Korean scrub down- Lee is  in her undergarments is armed with two scrubbing mitts and is bound and determined to take off that first layer of skin she proclaims with much joy:  Ohh you feel like baaa-bby!That is.... the truth dear Lee........I do feel like baaa-bby....I again giggle to myself...all those years wanting to be a WO-MAN....and now all I want to do is get that baby skin back. She splashes me with water again and towels me down with a motherly love. I don't mind today.... being the baby again.from thetrophywifetrainingpro…
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2012,11/26/2012,174,82,34,29,26>The first time homegirl and I encountered the Truffle Man, we weren't interested and bypassed our chance of a great time. Cause it took us WEEKS of searching and waiting at Dolores Park to finally find him again!Twas the weekend of Pride and we knew we had to make a stop by Dolores Park, just for the hell of it and to people watch. We saw the great Truffle Man from afar and uh.. yeah I just ran towards him.  My friend came strolling behind and I was already eyeballing which flavor truffle I wanted.  We were gonna do $10 for 3 for the each of us, BUT when he said "Or $20 for 7" I was like whoa there. (You know the Asian in me did that math REAL QUICK - if we put our 10 dollas together...we can get ANOTHER truffle) Yeah, $20 for 7 it is.  We got a little bit of everything and sat our butts down and proceeded with downing of the goods.  We didn't know how potent they were gonna be so we decided to play it safe - go halfsies on one.  Homegirl was on the phone so I don't think she really paid attention when she said "Let's eat another". I don't know why I didn't pay attention when I said "Okay".One full truffle, fully ingested. We were waiting for it to kick in but it was starting to get cold so we bounced and started our journey home. And ohhhh boy, that's when it hit us. I kept having to tell babygirl to put her sunglasses on but she wasn't having it. That was basically our conversation for most of the ride back...  Got home, took a nap, woke up and I was STILL feeling the wrath of the truffles and when I woke up in the morning I was a little scared thinking... is it gone yet? Sidenote: Truffle man told us that if we kept the goods in the fridge they'd be good for a "couple of months". Had some in there for about a month and tested them out at Rock The Bells - yup, still potent.
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2012,11/25/2012,2158,812,15,27,25>Someone pinch me.  I might have possibly died and gone to food-truck heaven.  Streat Food Park is simply the most happening place to be during lunch time.  Forever gone are those lonely parked trucks along baron streets.  Now they have come together and multiplying fast turning the latest trend in food into a "permanent" staple.  There are tables and umbrellas and chairs abound. The people are friendly and happy to say the least.  Imagine sitting in a 4-wheeled wonderland suburbia with food options from all over the world.  Everything offers a fried selection and a fry selection. Can you say yum?Check it out for yourself and I swear you'll think you just paid admission into a theme park.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/14/2012,11/24/2012,444,525,31,35,33>Lot 7 receives 3.5 STARS*Who doesn't like to wine and dine? *Located off Valencia/Mission area*Open space bar, but not many tables. Simple, sleek restaurant.*Lot 7 offers Shellfish, Crudo, and International flavor to the neighborhood. The focus is on freshness, with limited-run ingredients (caught day of) transformed with techniques from Louisiana to Egypt.As you know, I like celebrating bday/special occasion dinners with many friends and in result we love to order the whole menu LOL ** NOTE: order the starters!!My faves:Oysters  1/2 dz 15 | dz 28Tomalas Miyagi's (CA) / Blondes (CA)/ Hood Canal (WA)Crudo Yellowtail hamachi, black garlic, meyer lemon, avocado, chili oilUni creme brulee-Ft. bragg uni / yuzu tobiko / salmon roe / paddlefish caviarAhi Tuna Tartare w/ ginger / toasted sesame / sweet chili sauceMussels w/ kale / ancho / fennel Dungeness crab mac 'n cheese Blood orange marinated beets w/walnut and goat cheese fritters / wild arugula Decent:Cheesehumboldt fog / lamb chopper / point reyes bleu / pepato / crottin / purple haze / schlosskranz / camembert /quinceBatter fried rock cod and chips w/ gribiche sauce Seafood Chowder w/ clams / crab / rock cod Baked oysters w/ rockefellerDesert: Bread puddingHappy hour is your best bet, if you don't want to pay $$$ HH-Tues-Fri 5p-7p
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2012,11/23/2012,631,981,34,45,41>Other than the fact that I run marathons there is another reason why I keep multiple exercise apparatuses where I reside.  Sometimes a two hour aerobic session is necessitated just on a whim especially like last night after my encounter with the Pretty Please Bakeshop.It goes without saying that I have a sweet tooth.  The moment I walked into this week old bakery I instantly fell in love with the sweet scent of fresh baked cakes which filled the room.  Lucky for me there were more than enough choices for me to purchase and bring over to a friend's apartment where two very good friends did the unthinkable.  Between she and I we devoured 5 cupcakes and 2 "twinkies" within an hour!My friend hasn't yelped in a long time and there's no saying whether she'll yelp about this experience, but judging by her expressions I believe she was greatly aroused by everything she put in her mouth.  I certainly enjoyed everything that went into mine.All of the cakes we tried were super moist and fairly light.  None of these cakes were overly sweet, and the base buttercream that is used on many of the cakes while thick in its application was nowhere as super sweet as I feared.  For one of the few times that I can recall not a single cake crumb went to waste nor was any frosting tossed aside.  I was told by the helpful young lady at the front counter that their cupcake selections have changed daily during their first week in business.  I get the feeling they're trying to get an idea of what people like the most.  With that in mind I probably wouldn't be much help because I liked everything I tried.Raspberry Chocolate Truffle (yelp.com/biz_photos/pret…) - A chocolate lover's dream-come-true.  It's a deep dark chocolate cake with chocolate buttercream and a swirl of dark chocolate fudge topped with a fresh raspberry.  If I had to choose this was my favorite.Salted Caramel (yelp.com/biz_photos/pret…) - The cake is bittersweet dark chocolate and the buttercream seemed unflavored and just slightly sweetened.  The thin salted caramel sauce applied to the frosting plume was the key sweetener to both the frosting and the cake.Black & White (yelp.com/biz_photos/pret…) - Besides being delicious this was also beautiful to look at.  I don't think I'd be very "useful" or "cool" if I didn't show you the cutaway of this selection (yelp.com/biz_photos/pret…).  I'll let that photo describe the cake for you.Berry Berry Good (yelp.com/biz_photos/pret…) - It's a buttery white cake with strawberry infused buttercream and a fresh raspberry on top.  Exceptional was the bits of fresh strawberry we found throughout the smooth cream.Carrot Cake (yelp.com/biz_photos/pret…) - Shockingly this was the sweetest of the lot.  I'm not fond of coconut but mixed in throughout the moist cake with slivers of carrot I really didn't notice I was eating coconut.  The cream cheese frosting however was super sweet.Chocolate Twinks (yelp.com/biz_photos/pret…) - A take on the mass-produced Twinkies we enjoyed as kids and ridiculed as adults.  The cake is deep dark devil's food and there was just enough cream filling inside of each.  Finished with a coat of dark chocolate icing these went absolutely perfect with an ice cold glass of milk.I'm glad this place is in business, but I'm equally glad I live far, far away because I'm not too certain I want to overuse my exercise equipment anytime soon!  Open Tuesdays thru Saturdays for now.  Check them out!!
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,11/22/2012,476,561,16,17,17>I'm in love with Blackpoint Cafe's Honey & Maple latte. I had a sip of it from my friend's order and its mellow sweetness agrees with my black coffee-loving palate. Newly opened in April, Blackpoint serves San Rafael-based Equator Coffee. It has a smooth and flavorful finish which I thoroughly enjoyed. equatorcoffees.com  For a snack, I had the Morning Glory bread ~ from what I recall, it has zucchini, carrots, raisins and balanced the cuppa Joe nicely.They have a large menu ranging from breakfast burritos, sandwiches, gelatos, cookies, and pastries.The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable and the dining area clean, light, airy and relaxing with lots of space, wood-furnishings, and artwork. They also have a few seats outside to enjoy the buzz of the area. An ideal place to recharge from a day of sightseeing ~ it's right across from Ghirardelli Square.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2012,11/21/2012,716,163,25,38,35>Today is the first day of the soft opening.  They will officially open their doors at 11am - 3pm.  Based on their food stand the food here should be very good.  Onigilly is a Japanese Gourmet Rice Balls....usually consist of Rice, Choice of Seafood, Meat or Veggie.  They are wrapped in seaweed.  Samurai use to carry these with them every time they had to venture some distance from home.  Should be very exciting.  Looking forward to it.Follow the link to check out the menu:onigilly.com/wordpress/w…
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2012,11/20/2012,827,179,16,20,17>One of the newest additions to my growing list of Korean restaurants. I've been here three times, and although this place was never packed, I enjoyed the experience. This is a relatively small family owned restaurant. During all the times I've visited, there was only one waitress serving us. She really acted like the mom of the place, fussing over us and taking care of our food, and making sure that everything was fine. I liked how she would push out a trolley full of food to serve us once our meal was ready.The banchan is fresh and I like how they include a grilled smelt as a banchan, the waitress always says "here's your fishie". I've sampled the tofu soup and kalbi, both were decent. I also like how they have a flat screen TV, and as most of the times we were the only people dining there, we were able to request for the channel we wanted to watch, usually sports. Overall, a very warm and friendly place. The dishes are solid and the service is wonderful.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,11/19/2012,1345,369,16,24,19>Rarely, if ever, does an institution move into SF embracing a forthcoming legacy like State Bird Provisions.Humble shades from the owners and a distinct ethic of allowing the food to thrive leaves guests of this establishment leaving with a sense of wonder. Imaginative, thoughtful, and integrative - the full circle experience at State Bird is one of a kind.We arrived at the early onset of dinner, around 6, mid week and found stools at the bar. The absolute best seats in the house. Front row to the 10 digit wizards.State Bird Provisions is a modern take on dim sum. Small dishes pirouette through the down to earth interior leaving you with a constant strain in your neck. Arriving hungry will leave your first few minutes loading your table like a carb to a diet.Highlights:The fried garlic bread with warm burrata is decadent. Every piece of warm dough clings to the healthy portion of burrata which nests in the middle of the dish as the diva.The duck liver mousse with almond biscuits were a perfect in between. Rich and eloquent, the mousse has a back of the mind saltiness that allows you to truly appreciate the miniature biscuits.We couldn't miss the namesake of the establishment, so a half order of the State Bird was easily ordered. Crisp, well portioned, and a finger fighting plate.Came in with very little expectations, but left knowing that one of the best meals in San Francisco can still be affordable, organic, and up to par with the heavy hitters within the walls of our 7x7 city.By far one of the best restaurants in San Francisco. Go. Eat. Enjoy.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,11/18/2012,363,329,19,19,20>I love my neighborhood! NOPA NOPA! NOPA!There is a great selection of hot entrees, salads, and  fine baked goods. Sure, it's a pricey, but manageable just as long as you don't go every week (well, for me at least).The only real reason I come here is for the Humphry Slocombe ice cream. Who needs to go to the Mission when I can get my Secret Breakfast , Blue Bottle Vietnamese Coffee, Tahitian Vanilla, etc., ice cream flavors here in my own hood?Cheers, and see you in line as we all scream for Harry, err :)  Humphry Slocombe Ice cream!
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2007,9/30/2007,714,874,23,18,20>And so, we meat again! Let's hear it for butcher shops, and the hot men who know their craft. What is it about a woman, a counter of meat, and a man on the other side that makes it sooooooo sexy?Stopped in the other day on a whim and feeling like I was going to win the lottery, apparently, as I walked out with 2 Kobe Rib Eyes at $34.99 a lb. Another customer was watching me and asked if they were worth it. Decidedly, yes, my young friend. YES YES YES!
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2007,9/29/2007,432,287,55,26,36>Consider the following by-no-means-exhaustive list:Customer ServiceCarsTelevisionsNorwegian Death Metal (thanks Jason L.)Chewing GumPortable Music DevicesSoft DrinksOrganized CrimeSao PauloRapVending MachinesCodes of HonorCartoonsQuality ControlRefinementHawai'iNational HealthcareFashionEmission and MileageVideo GamesKinky SexCream PuffsWhat do the above items have in common?  These are things the Japanese IMPROVED.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2007,9/28/2007,455,1080,14,13,21>I'm just gonna put it out there: I'm luckier than most of you because I date an executive chef at a great restaurant.  What this essentially means is that I get to go to dinner with someone who will microanalyze and suggest foods as anally retentively as I do.  It's basically the coolest shit EV-ER.  Now pick your friggin' jaws off the floor because I just admitted to not only DATING someone, but really liking them too.  It happens people...it's just more like Halley's Comet.So he took me to NOPA for the first time last night for for a bon voyage prior to leaving for Europe today.  It was the perfect evening.  We started off with the squid salad, the tuna salad and the baked white beans.  Both of us agreed that the baked white beans were lacking just a little extra "something" probably more feta or salt.  The squid and the tuna salad were superb though and I would get either again.  Moving on to main courses we had the rabbit and the pork chop.  GET. THE. PORKCHOP.  It is AMAZING!  The rabbit is great too but I think everything pales in comparison to the porkchop and my boy ALWAYS gets it (except this time he got the rabbit so we could share).  Dessert was the chocolate orange infused cake for me and the strawberries and cream for him.  My cake was "meh" and we both agreed it wasn't as moist as it needed to be although the flavor was good.  His strawberries and cream took us both back to picking little strawberries in our respective backyards.  We washed down the meal with a bottle of Northern Rhone Syrah which was good and finished off with cognacs that were generous pours.So 4 stars for the food, 4 stars for the ambiance and 5 stars for the hot chef that fed me tastes from his plates all evening.UPDATE:So I'm NOT still dating the executive chef BUT I still LOVE NOPA!
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2007,9/27/2007,372,150,42,14,17>I really like this place.  Good food, good vibe, good prices.How much do I like it, you wonder..?Well, let me tell you how much.But before, I'll need you to...BACK OFF!YEAH YOU, BACK OFF!AND YOU TOO!OH, AND YOU, START BACKING THE HELL OFF RIGHT NOW!DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT WRITING YOUR NAME ON THE WAITING LIST.This place is JUST FOR ME!YEAH, MEDID YOU HEAR??JUST FOR ME!NOT YOU!ME!*Sight*  Ok, maybe we can go together.. Maybe.  Only if you buy me a delish Bleu omelet. Hmm..perfect mix of tasty bleu cheese, tender mushrooms, healthy spinach, crunchy red peppers and artichoke hearts.And a hot sugary beignet. Or rather 2. Or 3.  Actually, make that a dozen.Deal?  or BACK OFF?
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2007,9/26/2007,369,25,57,25,33>It appears, as we turn the corner, like an apparition out of nowhere. I look to my friends...Me: Is this it?L: Yes.  Yes it is!Me: The famed "Bacon Dog Cart"? but I thought it was just a myth!Apparently the Cart only appears at night to those who believe in it... and have quaffed a magical elixir called "All-Ko-Haul".Lauren scoots in front of me to grab one of these delicious bacon-wrapped meat wands. I believe it took her only 2 bites to finish the poor thing off.There's this nagging sensation I can't get rid of as I await my beautiful wiener to be slavered in condiment goodness.Me: Lauren, aren't you Jewish?L: *nods head* Yes 100%!Me: I might not be a rabbi, but isn't that verboten?!?L: I DON'T CARE! I HAD TO HAVE ONE! WANT MORE!!!!! *wild-eyed crazy eyes at my hot dog*That's why it gets 5 stars. It's TRUE the Cart can make a JEW break a TABOO! (That rhyming FOO'? Why it's me, that's WHO!) I'm not religious, but that's some serious shit right? Doesn't she get thrown out of Valhalla or something like that?EDIT: I've been informed that Valhalla isn't Jewish, I guess that must be the Christian one. The Judaic version is where after they cast the One Ring into the Crack of Doom and then sail off into the Undying Lands... right?
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2007,9/25/2007,3446,131,13,29,27>What makes a visit to a dentist eventful?The answer is simple when you go to the North Berkeley Dental Arts office.Such a comfortable feeling when you have people in your mouth that care...LOLDr Sio, is really a top notch dentist who not only is good as a dentist but reassuring and very cool. Its good to know every step and what to expect when having work done.I have been a client of this office for about a year and in all honesty its the best of all that I've experienced! In fact I like this place so much that I've recommended everyone who I know to at least give it a try. I broke a tooth and they saw me immediately. I had an emergency once and they were willing to wait until I arrived well after closing hours!Cant say anything but praise and super kudos!!! Love this place.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2007,9/24/2007,619,439,30,33,35>Sweet home AlabamaWhere the skies are so blueSweet Home AlabamaLord, I'm coming home to youIn Birmingham they love the governorNow we all did what we could doNow Watergate does not bother meDoes your conscience bother you?Tell the truth Sweet home Alabama...My ex, as I explained to our table, is from Alabama. She has family members that are still in the Klan. That didn't stop me from traveling to a one stoplight town in the middle of BFE. I even made friends with the owner of the only Chinese restaurant within 150 miles of BFE....or B'ham, you choose. A 7 year old Klan-kiddie described me as such, " Momma, he looks just like a China Doll !!!"I shopped at a Piggly Wiggly. I bought gas for $0.99 when CA was $1.56. I got bit by fire ants. Nonetheless I failed to meet any real Klansmen. I did like the South tho. I was so inspired, I nearly bought a Seersucker Suit. However, I did experience true Southern Hospitality and food. Chicken fried steak. Collard greens. Grits. Chicken fried chicken. Okra. Buttermilk biscuits. Cornbread. Bread Pudding. Black eyed peas. If nothing else, people in the South know how to entertain and eat. That's how I felt at Powell's Place. From the credenza with the doilies and knick-knacks to the karaoke machine to the chantilly lace. You can read Euge or Basi's reviews for the pertinent details. BUT, the bottom line is the food was good. The service lacked, but you could see they really made the effort considering they were short-handed and dealing with a large somewhat unruly crowd of hungry and thirsty people. The chicken was as Steph P described. Southern style - light on the batter. But still pretty good. I make my chicken the same way, but add secret seasonings. Yes, I was taught by my ex how to *properly* make fried chicken.Some of you have had my fried chicken. Some of you liked it. I'm going to have two entries in the chicken fry-off. One Southern style! (The other will be an AZN surprise.)  Keep your eyes here... yelp.com/topic/QGTL6_UVm…So please vote for me. Thank you! ~ kevo
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2007,9/23/2007,262,294,39,45,41>Actually, I'm giving Got 2 Move 5 and a HALF stars. WHY CAN'T I DO THAT, YELP?!They are not "A." They are "A+."Moving sucks. Oh, sorry -- you already knew that. EVERYBODY KNOWS THAT. Here's my advice for how to make it suck less. DON'T......ask your friends to help you. They don't want to. They're just going to turn around and ask you someday, and you don't want to help them, either. NOBODY WANTS TO MOVE. NOT THEIR OWN SHIT, NOT YOUR SHIT. Face it....rent a truck. You'll give yourself a freakin' migraine driving all over town to pick it up AND ditch your car somewhere while collecting all your poor, guilt-tripped-into-helping-you friends at the same time, all too early on a Saturday. (And if your friends are like me and mine, they DON'T LIKE TO BE IN THE WORLD BEFORE NOON ON SATURDAY UNLESS THERE'S BOOZE INVOLVED. And booze + moving is sketchy...)...drop more money on renting dollies and furniture pads and shit. You think it's gonna make your move easier, but you don't really know what the fxxx to do with these things. You're just burning up more money. YOUR MOVE IS STILL GOING TO SUCK. YOU ARE STILL GOING TO SWEAT. AND BE DIRTY. AND EXHAUSTED. AND IN GENERAL, WANT TO END YOUR OWN LIFE....take all your poor guilt-tripped friends to the bar after to thank them. See above. This will BREAK YOUR BANK.Do you see where I'm going with this? Because IF you do all the above, it's going to cost you a LOT of money anyway. And you are still going to go through a LOT of grief. Your move is STILL going to suck (have I said that already?). BIG TIME.Instead, you should HIRE GOT 2 MOVE!!!That's how you make your move NOT suck. (Okay, suck less. You still have to pack. And unpack.)They will be on time. Yes, movers can actually be on time. If they're Got 2 Move. They will be fast.They will handle your stuff with tender loving care.They will be friendly and talk to you about soccer and your shared Eastern European heritage without sacrificing the above...They will be affordable. Not really much more than what a sucky do-it-yourself move would have cost you, either. Because you won't have to take them to the bar afterward and empty your checking account in thanks.Actually, I WOULD have taken these dudes to the bar if they didn't have another move scheduled. They were that good, and that cool, and I was that grateful. And there was soccer on TV that day. So instead I gave them the biggest tip I've ever given any service people, for anything. See, I AM a nice person! They brought it out in me. A-FREAKIN'-PLUS!!!
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2007,9/22/2007,606,410,43,31,45>"Would you like to make that a double for an extra $2?""Would you like an extra large beer for an extra dollar?"Yes and yes!  And come around with more of the same every 10 minutes until boarding time, please. Thanks.I love airport bars. They rip you off, but they let you even it out by giving you the opportunity to double up your booze on the cheap.  They always offer you that extra shot or those few ounces of extra beer to make your flight that much smoother, the boarding process that much less aggravating, and the blow of traveling with a bunch of disease-breathing morons in a pressurized tube that much more tolerable.So it was with absolute intent that I fell off the wagon at SFO after a recent stint with sobriety.  Because there's really no better occasion than a vacation to start wholesale abuse of your liver, and there's no better place than SFO to start your vacation.Why? Because when you're in the best city in the country, your only option to do better is to leave the country.  And SFO is your gateway for doing so.  Sure, many other airports are just as clean, efficient, and modern. But how many other airports have an Anchor Steam bar/restaurant?  How many other airports have Anchor freakin' Liberty on tap? You wanna see me happy? Find me rocking a barstool with a double whiskey & ginger, a 24-oz. draft beer, and a boarding pass in my pocket for a foreign land.  SFO gives me all that, as well as the comfort that when the fun is over, I'll be coming back to the greatest damn city in the land.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2007,9/21/2007,140,45,66,34,40>I went on a date last night. It was the best date ever. We went to Limetree. My date was looking pretty hot so I knew that Limetree would have to make quite an impression on me to notice the served dishes over my sexy little dish sitting across from me.The roasted chicken with sweet chili sauce? WHOA, sorry date, but THAT'S an impression. Juicy, succulent and savory- the chicken wins.  The special with tofu, shrimp, spinach and curry? Luscious, robust, finger-lickin' good- another point for Limetree. The Martabak-stuffed roti pratha- *glancing at date* honey you better step up your game.Limetree wins.Game over.What's that? Sure, I'll come over. Overtime!Back at date's house...Date wins. Date definitely wins.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2011,11/2/2011,888,264,9,13,12>The hype is true.So, my boss told me that he went to Crustacean's on Polk and had a unbelievable experience there. The crab and garlic noodles changed his whole perspective on seafood and when I found out that Thanh Long was actually the original establishment, you bet I was excited to check this place out first. To be on the safe side, I wanted to make reservations. There wasn't any OpenTable option (damn, no points) so had to call in after 2:30PM to confirm (and reservations are a must!).Anyways, on to the food: Salt & Pepper Calamari - [s3yelp2-a.akamaihd.net/b…I.. definitely had better, much better. This was pretty mediocre, especially since it was our first dish and there was much praise from the Rising/Green Dragon restaurant. It tasted overcooked, under seasoned (ironic how it's called Salt & Pepper calamari..), and chewy.. in a negative way. Yeah.. I still ate it anyways, but it was out of hungry (and my Chinese blood will not allow me to waste food).Asian Bouillabaisse soup - [s3yelp3-a.akamaihd.net/b…This was a very interesting item to tangle. I ordered this for my girlfriend because she was feeling under the weather. I also had some for myself and well, among all the different soups I've drank before, this one was.. unique. It had the characteristics of a tomato soup, packed with hearty pieces of shrimp, and with an overwhelming sweetness due to the chunks of pineapple. The concoction did blend well, but personally, I don't like my food sweet-tasting.Original Roasted Crab - [s3yelp3-a.akamaihd.net/b…At last, the moment we've been waiting for! Our crab was beautiful; all buttered up and peppered to perfection! Keep in mind that TL doesn't take it easy on the butter now. All I can say is, the crab was delicious! Oh, and be prepared to get ridiculously messy!Garlic Noodles - [s3yelp1-a.akamaihd.net/b…After taking the first bite, my mouth salivated for more! Hands down, the best garlic noodles I've ever had. It was so good, I devoured the first place (which I was sharing with my girlfriend) and had to call in for seconds! It was thattt good. Just keep in mind that you gottaaa eat it while it's still hot and fresh.Old-fashioned Banana Cake - [s3yelp1-a.akamaihd.net/b…It was a nice warm and chewy contrast to end our meal. It was heavy, for I was already stuffed, but still nice. I only recommend that TL consider serving coconut ice cream, rather than the standard vanilla, but that's just me.So in the end, my boss was right. It was an impeccable service and experience! (I had all forgotten about the sub-par calamari after sinking into the crab.) All the food came within a ten minute difference from one another, our glasses were never empty, and my favorite part was the hot towel service -- very refreshing and cleansing! (How come other pig-out spots don't offer this!? A tiny paper wet-nap ain't gonna do nothing!)FYI: the seasonal price for the roasted crab was 38.95, which is a tad more pricey than other restaurants, but well worth it.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,11/1/2011,301,325,17,17,17>if you want some glass shoes, call your fairy godmother. if you want some freakin' delicious fish and chips, visit the codmother. i had been craving fish and chips for months with no result, and the codmother rose up like an oasis in a desert of crummy tourist traps. this stationary food truck opened only three weeks ago on jones street, but native brit suzanne already has the fisherman's wharf traffic clamoring for her amazing fish and chips. crunchy fries make the perfect bed for enormous pieces of lightly fried, flaky cod. a traditional fish and chips costs less than 10 bucks, and will definitely fill you up - make sure you go for the classic salt and vinegar on top. just really, really good handmade food. cash only.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2011,10/31/2011,969,380,38,39,42>Purple was my favorite color growing up. During arts and crafts, all the little girls would fight for the pink scissors but I would never sweat it because the purple ones were waiting for me.  Anything in purple instantly became my favorite, even ice cream. So growing up, my favorite ice cream flavor was taro which could only be found in Asia at the time. Yes, a root vegetable flavored ice cream was my favorite growing up. Shoot me, strawberries was just too pink.When I found out about the purple ice cream at Mitchell's, I just knew I had to reacquaint myself with my childhood love - love for all things purple.The ube, or sweet yam, was clean on the palette with hints of sweetness. First bite of the root vegetable flavored ice cream brought back vivid memories of having taro ice cream in the summers in Hong Kong. The connection made me fall madly in love. The temperature and texture was just right, creamy but did not melt too quickly. The crispy and fragrant waffle was the best at the last bite at the tip of the cone with just a tad of ice cream left. We also had the Mexican chocolate, a bold chocolate with cinnamon, and young coconut. There was flavor after flavor lining up the counter, waiting to be discovered. So what's your favorite flavor at Mitchell's? Go and discover one.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2010,10/30/2011,273,192,6,8,9>If you blink you might miss this little gem tucked in behind the trees on the sidewalk. But walk in and you'll encounter wall-to-wall French decor, a towering ceiling with a huge chandelier, and a covered courtyard in back for semi-outdoor dining.The French owners and the rest of the staff are outstanding and take the time to answer any of your questions in detail or to work with you on recommendations.Every dish I've tried is excellent. The pasta dishes are my personal favorite--these guys make pasta on par with the best Italian restaurants and pair it with delectable fall-off-the-bone meats. The pan-seared Salmon is really good too.Don't come here in a hurry--working through a three-course meal can go on for hours in typical French fashion. Rather than a quiet atmosphere, you'll typically see a more lively (loud) crowd in here with upbeat (sometimes even Reggae) music in the air.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,10/29/2011,98,214,7,16,33>Just had to update my review and say what a great place this is.  As we were leaving, I witnessed a inspiring conversation outside in the freezing cold between a homeless man and an Ike's employee.  The homeless man was just standing there -- not panhandling and not begging for food.  The Ike's employee graciously asked if he was trying to get some food.  The homeless man responded in the affirmative.  Ike's employee told the homeless man, "I'll take care of you."  He disappears for a few minutes and returns with a warm, delicious Ike's sandwich gratis.  If you could only see the look on the homeless man's face and how thankful he was, you would be as inspired as you were full.Good for you Ike's.  Kudos.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2011,10/28/2011,1109,441,16,17,19>Sublime.The most mind-blowing dining experience.  Light years beyond a yelp review, but I cannot resist.  And believe me when I tell you, I've eaten a LOT of food at a LOT of establishments.  Nothing has come close to Gary Danko. Luckily for me, this was a *privado* company party.  Can you believe it?  Yes To knowing what's up :)Cocktail hour was incredible.  So many bites coming out of the woodworks.  With only a few vegetarian options, i was a bit worried.  But guess what, they brought me a naked bellini (sans caviar), and OMG, that thing MELTED in my mouth.  Just the way I like it :)   Of the tiny bites I was able to try, could not believe how much flavor was packed into such teeny tiny sizes.Now here's where they kicked it up several notches...THEY PROVIDED ME WITH MY OWN VEGETARIAN MENU!!!  Just for special lil' ol' me.  Needless to say, the rest of the meal was spectacular.  From amuse to dessert.  *Incredibly complex food*.  Can't even describe.It might go without saying, but service was *impeccable*.  No hoity-toity bullsh*t.  Super nice, super attentive, super everything you would want service to be.****Gary Danko, if I meet you again in this lifetime, I'm the luckiest woman in the world****
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2011,10/27/2011,1141,417,12,16,13>if you love garlic noodles and crab, ppq dungeness island is the place to go.  it's fun to come in a larger group, so you can try more of a variety.  here are my top picks to order:+fried tofu (delicious!)+papaya salad+five spice chicken+pepper corn crab+beef cube (it used to be better and the portion is smaller now)+garlic noodles (2 orders)+braised string beansdon't be macho and wear the bib.  it will save you heartache from splattering or getting crab particles on yourself.validated parking is available at a lot a block down for an hour since parking is difficult in the area.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,10/25/2011,585,268,24,22,19>It's a pier! How does one rate the quality of a pier? I'm not sure but here goes...1. Is it over water - yes2. Do people fish off of it - yes3. Is there anything cool to see from it - well, yes - SF, Oakland, the San Mateo Bridge, planes taking off/landing4. Is it stinky - no5. Is there parking nearby - yes6. Is there a restroom nearby - yes    6a. Is that restroom clean - it's okay, I've seen worse7. Is there a sink to clean off the fish you catch - I don't think so 8. Is it close to a park - yes, there are picnic tables close by with BBQ pits9. Is it close to a scenic trail - yesThe main reason I visit this pier is because it's close to work and it's a great place to get away from the big bad computer!
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2011,10/24/2011,399,555,18,26,23>It's been a year and a half since my best (four-legged) friend passed away. And in that time, there was only one thing I knew for certain: I'd NEVER again have another dog. Despite warning cries of 'never say never' and broken-record accolades touting the heart-mending benefits of getting another dog from my well-intentioned friends, I remained adamant in my resolve. That is, until a girl I know attended a Rocket Dog adoption event and emailed me the profile page for a bulldog called Midge/Midchi. She knew my Baxter and implored me to meet this doggie ... because she sensed we were meant for one another. Midge's big brown eyes were hauntingly beautiful, but NO! No more pets for me. Yeah-yeah, she's an older dog, so it might be harder for her to get placed, but NO! I'll never go through the heartache of losing another baby. Granted, I'm a complete sucker for a smashed face, but NO! I don't care how adorable she is. Three weeks later, I found myself repeatedly pulling up her page -- just to see if she still needed a home. After much soul-searching, I contacted RDR and asked to meet her. Well, I think you can figure out the rest. We became a family, she and I, and it's so nice to feel needed again and to come home to such unabashed love. Sure, I rescued her, but she has done the same thing for me. Rocket Dog Rescue is the not-for-profit result of its founder's (the lovely Pali Boucher) selfless dedication to her passion of looking after the innocent, lost pooches of the world. With her heroic little army of volunteers, they tirelessly save, foster and place dogs whose time has otherwise run out in this disposable society. They do good things that really matter, so even if you're not in the market for a new addition, it's a fantastic operation that can always use donations or an extra pair of hands to keep saving sweet kids, like the new queen of my castle. Thank you for bringing Midge into my life.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2011,10/23/2011,397,688,12,14,12>When I started on this review, the review count was 1,000... guess it's a slightly popular spot.  My neighborhood landmark is Mitchell's Ice Cream, just a short block or so away.  The parking is not too bad during the day as there are residential and metered spaces.Love the wallpaper/vinyl design and booth; definitely an old school feel.  On weekends, there is live music during the day, which makes it difficult for conversations when dining.  It's slightly better at the three tables closer to the kitchen upstairs.Tried the following:a) Pulled Pork Sandwich - Great lunch or snacking item that's available in large and small sizes.  The slaw is a great mix with the tender shredded pork and extra barbecue sauce is given.b) Gumbo - Thick, chunky, and flavorfulc) Chicken and Waffles - The star of the show in my eyes.  Piping hot, the waitress told us about the twenty minute wait, which was well worth it.d) Mac N Cheese (side dish) - Creamy rich, but like mine a little more crusty on top.Weekdays are probably the best time to dine here to avoid lines and crowds.  If you like condiments, make sure to try their variety of tableside sauces.  Solid neighborhood brunch spot!
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2006,1/5/2007,3966,1827,15,26,28>A 24-hour Pakistani joint, can life get much better? When Grubstake or Denny's just ain't doin' it, we San Franciscans are lucky to now be able to have some chicken biryani and naan, anytime we want. Like for instance, 1:30am last night.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2006,1/4/2007,30,50,39,10,15>i know it's early, but it amazes me how many professionals can't read a sign that says, "please form two lines," then give you dirty looks if you've got the balls to abide by that simple instruction.  well, i've got balls.  and i've also got coffee while you still wait in line.  go back to the dugout and sit on the bench.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2006,1/3/2007,388,463,7,13,14>I have one word to describe these guys - INCREDIBLE!They accommodated me last minute, gave me a deal that was IMPOSSIBLE to beat, treated me like a QUEEN, and took a party for 100+ people with less than 5 days left for my 30th...Who does that genuinely in a moment's notice and with the enthusiasm of someone who has been friends with you for well over ten years?! I wonder what they would have done if they knew I was a yelper - Ha!Not only did I run into at least 6 or 7 people who I have met in the city time and time again who weren't part of our group - the same thing kept happening to many of my guests. Yeah - do the math and it was a very cohesive clan by the end of the night!  All of which ended up funner than all hell, sexy, crazy, classy, and fun fun fun!The best part of the night is when they let me make a speech (which I STILL can't quite recall) and Ben (one of the owners) came over to my after party to help me serve drinks AND clean up until the wee hours in the morning! And he even entertained my little brother!  Showed him the 'ropes.'INCREDIBLE!!
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,11/1/2006,1/2/2007,632,224,59,22,27>Two Sardines and a Yelling Match at IconSardine 1:  (Drunk) "HEY!  IT'SSS GOOD TO SEE YOU!  WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN!  NEVER SEE YOU OUT ANYMORE!"Sardine 2:  (Sober) "WE WERE AT ROHAN AND MIGHTY!  I JUST GOT HERE -- THE LINE TO GET IN WAS RIDICULOUS!"  Sardine 1:  "LINE DANCING!  SINCE WHEN DOES ROE PLAY COUNTRY MUSIC!  HEY!  WHERE'S YER DRINK!  YOU GOTTA KETCHUP TO US!"Sardine 2:  "DUCKS IN A ROW?  I'LL DRINK JUST AS SOON AS I GET A CHANCE TO PEE.  YOU KNOW, INPUT, OUTPUT."Sardine 1:  "WEAK!  YOU CAN'T DRINK TEA!  ONE SHOT!"Sardine 2:  "WHAT!  FORGET IT.  SO NO MORE LUNA HUH?  HOW'S THIS AN 'ULTRA' LOUNGE!"Sardine 1:  "NO, BUT I GOTTA LIGHTER!  HEY!  WHERE'S YOUR DRINK!!"Sardine 2:  "YOU'RE CRAZY! YOU DON'T NEED TO LOSE WEIGHT!"  Uh, Icon Ultra Lounge (previously Luna) could be a good time, but do not attempt to: a) have a conversation, b) use the ladies room, orc) walk from point A to point B.  In fact, I'd recommend picking up telepathy and attaching yourself to a catheter before popping in because:a) it's super loud and unless your lips are velcroed to your neighbor's ear, you can pretty much forget about dialogue, b) my bladder just about ruptured waiting in line for the women's stall, which crawls at a rate of half an inch for every 10th time you overhear, "WHAT!" and c) it is gills to gills sardined -- adequate personal space to communicate via ASL would be a luxury.*Above material evidence gathered from the Grand Opening Party.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2006,1/1/2007,131,214,17,20,19>When it comes to waiting at restaurants, there are two types of people: those for whom any sort of extended wait will sour the entire experience, and those who bear their fate with the grim fortitude of a Viking, hardy in enduring what steers them towards their ultimate delicious victory.  The former group may want to avoid Burma Superstar, except perhaps on a weekday at noon.  Fortunately, I belong to the latter group.Of the wares I have sampled, my absolute favorites include the samusas (I could eat them at 6 in the morning, sheer tastiness), the pratha, and the rainbow salad.  Also very good have been the chef's ribs, the spicy chicken flat noodles, and the chicken casserole.  I love lychees and sangria, so the fact that they have sangria WITH lychees is fantastic - although I must admit, I prefer the lychee julep (however, I've only sampled the white lychee sangria).  I've also heard that the samusa soup and tea leaf salad are amazing.In terms of the wait, at the last visit to Burma, my boyfriend pointed out that the man in the couple in front of us during our hour long wait was one of the co-founders of Google.  My point, faulty as it may be, is if someone whose butler could afford to have BS relocated to his yacht can wait for an hour, well, buck up.  Plus, the adorable Blue Danube is across the street, so leave your cell phone number for Burma and kick back a coffee or a glass of wine there while you wait.Here's the thing: are you at Burma catching up with old friends?  Are you on a first date with the person you suspect might be "the one," idly sipping your iced tea and coyly contemplating dessert?  That's fantastic.  But take your old memories or your googly eyes and get your ass to The Blue Danube and idle away your time there.  Because Burma is for eating.  Not for chatting.  While I may endure my fate like a crazy Viking, you do not want to invoke my ire when I'm hungry.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2006,12/31/2006,385,248,33,13,19>Since my Bloomingdales review about being an ant in my last birth earned me an ROTD - I drank for 2 days in celebration, and just now woke up learning that apparently somehow I have made it obvious that I am gay or metrosexual, whatever. I hope this review of Whole Foods cover the rest of those who might entertain any doubts.I suck at grocery shopping. I never carry a list. I always forget what I need to buy. I always buy the stuff I never need. I never buy any fucking greens or vegetables. And I take roughly about half a day picking up stuff, dropping them off, and picking them back again. In New York, they sometimes closed early when I was crossing the street. This Pac Heights store in SF is the bomb. Best organic body products. I go here on Saturdays, real early. And I go straight to the botanical section - they carry the Pangea Organic products : very nice. Lemongrass with rosemany, canadian pine with white sage, Egyptian basil with mint, and many more delightful smells. I spend about an hour here till I realize that it was just an ecocentric body wash. Swiftly, I move quarter of an aisle away to the Deep Steep natural section, where they have yoghurt smelling scrubs. An hour again. Next in line stands John Allan's skin cleanser and toner, half an aisle away on the other side. Approximately 45 minutes. Sick of standing, brushing shoppers, hustling my spot, a 1000 'excuse me's' and smelling nearly 200 body and face products- I move over to the Giovanni's Hydrate Body lotion area when I encounter the real dilemma  --  cassifluer white tea OR grapefruit sky? Dear Lord, I hadnt expect that to happen. Minimum 30 minutes to make a decision.After spending 5 hours, buying 6 items, and paying $18.99 a pound for uncooked shrimp, I head home. Time and money, both well spent.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2006,12/30/2006,222,660,9,7,14>in another thirty odd years, i will be old...not decrepit, wrinkled, help-ive-fallen-and-i-cant-get-up old, but definitely eccentric weird spinster lady with frizzled salt-n-pepper hair and wears ballgowns at 11am old.hopefully by then, i'll have become a semi-successful novelist and will have afforded to buy some property in this fair city.  i'll live in my fine home (somewhere in the castr-ission or castr-aight) with my two dogs, miniature turtles, silk worm farm, and possibly even a little mexican burro if he fits in my pad.  also, hopefully by then, as a collector of all thinks random and possibly useful, i will have amassed enough "junk" to open a little shop (preferably out of my garage or basement) like "cookin."like cookin, i will keep the passageways small and the shelves high and packed to the nines.  every piece of "junk" will be some man's treasure, and the young folk will come in and ooh and aah over my kitschy possessions.  after they buy some random items at grossly discounted prices, they'll meander over to the side of the shop where i will be trying out my own take on the business model--random kitchen junk store that doubles as a bakery/florist as well...my little customers will buy yummy baked goods to decorate their new (but old) dessert platters with, and lilies and tuberoses to put in their new (but old) ceramic vases.however, that whole thing is another 30years away.  in the mean time, i'll have to content myself with dropping in on cookin' while moseying down divis on my walk home.  so many bundt pans, tea sets, cake platters, butcher knives (the bakery/florist shop is all my plan)...oh man i can't wait to be a domestic little spinster with frizzy hair!!!
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2006,12/29/2006,324,330,28,23,24>"You want sexy fortune cookie?"I, ah....."You want sexy fortune cookie?"Ummm....uuhhhh.Do I say yes and end up in some back room, blindfolded and strapped to a table? Do I say no and risk offending the sweet looking lady working the fortune cookie maker. I do not know what she is asking me!!! That is what my first minute inside this shop was like. Come to find out they make regular fortune cookies and cookies with adult themed fortunes, hence the "sexy fortune cookie." This is a great little hidden San Francisco spot. You can actually watch the warm cookie dough come out in a circular pattern and get folded into the fortune cookie shape. While we were watching they kept giving us the warm cookie dough circles that were being popped out of the machine. Tasty. The shop is the actual factory and it felt intrusive to stand there watching everyone work, but they were really welcoming. Excellent spot to bring out of town guests.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2006,12/28/2006,72,38,35,18,34>here's the thing - loehmann's is on my way home from my therapist's office.  which means that at least once a week, having reduced myself in under an hour to a gibbering, piteous ball of loathing needing additional succor, i find myself before the beguiling doors of loehmann's, preparing to make a shameful display of self-soothing.  to its credit, loehmann's pretty much never fails me, and despite the probably inadvisable conditions surrounding my usual visits to this temple of overstock, many of my favorite clothing items have originated here.  to wit:-my ever-trustworthy, warm, hooded baby-blue ben sherman jacket.  total impulse buy, made after discussing for 50 minutes why, exactly, i needed to break up with my last boyfriend.  just like breaking up with mr. unemployed-but-not-so-starving-former-artist, i have not once regretted buying that jacket.-a comfy, yet well-cut, well-fitting grail t-shirt mini-dress, made on the same trip as mentioned above.  same results.-many, many pairs of house pants.  my favorite pair, a drapey pant by free people that clings to my butt in an actually flattering way, was acquired after a particularly difficult session discussing the vagaries of my early adolescence.  i needed comfort, and comfort i did receive.-one of my favorite dresses, a low-cut, pseudo-wrap number with a light blue broacade around the waist, was obtained at some point there this spring.  i don't remember what i'd been discussing prior to shopping that day, but it must have been bad because i left the store with four other dresses as well.  either that, or it was because it was one of the first days of loehmann's annual dress sale.  probably both, actually.-a very fine pair of jordache jeans purchased after a more recent crisis regarding constitutional law and my cognitive abilities.say what you will about the disorganization of the store, the distressing lighting, and the lite rock emitting softly from the store's speakers - loehmann's can help save a person's mind as well as her wardrobe...
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2006,12/27/2006,125,141,27,8,11>This location is closing in a month anyway, so I'll save my (mostly positive) thoughts on the entire Crunch franchise for a future review. Instead, I wanted to share my very favorite feature of this gym in the hope that other gyms will make use of it in the future.I have a very hard time running on the treadmill. I get so bored. I try to read but I bounce too much to keep my place and then fall over when I try to turn the page. I can only watch hot gym people for so long without seeming creepy. There's rarely something good on TV, and when there is, the closed captions don't work (an exception is the Bill O'Reilly Factor, which I used to watch religiously at the gym one summer because I would get so angry I'd run faster).  Basically everything about the gym makes me want to stop running.Except: this gym smells like cookies! (It's next to Specialties)I have quite a one-track mind when it comes to baked goods. I can literally run for hours if I think there will be a cookie later. In fact, the whole reason I started running was the prospect of being able to eat more cookies. So here is my advice to those in the fitness industry: open a gym/bakery. Parade the cookies around so everyone can smell them. Only allow people to buy baked goods if they have completed their own personal exercise goals for the day. I would so join.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2009,5/23/2009,1049,117,43,43,47>Mmmmm, I love Foreign Cinema! I've had dinner and brunch here a bunch of times and today's brunch was just as up to par as expected. I had the Kobe steak and potato hash with avocado, poached eggs, mojo verde and baby arugula with a side order of what I like to call MEAT CANDY (slow-cooked brown sugar smoked bacon).The Bloody Mary's @ Laszlo  were a perfect follow-up and a good start to my afternoon buzz.Oh yeah, one more thing, the OpenTable app on my iPhone saved us an hour-long wait. I made a reservation on my phone at 1:00 for a 1:30 brunch. Who da pimp???
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2009,5/22/2009,255,95,15,28,24>Oh Lord, how I love this place. I have been going there almost every weekend for a year and I still can't get enough. The specials keep me from getting tired of the usual things on the menu. But, although I love this place and have given it 5 stars I will be honest about the bad parts. I was a hotel and restaurant major so I do see where some of the negative reviews are coming from.BAD1. Wait staff could use a few more sessions of training, if they even got any            a. Service can be slow            b. They can be rude2. Location can be good or bad depending on your circumstances. I live in Pacific Heights so it is pretty far to travel just for breakfast, however I have a car and can always find close parking right on third street so it makes it very convenient if I have errands to run that day where I need my car.***I have never had any problems with my food so I cannot comment on why people have said they can be inconsistentGOOD1. Food is amazing        a. It is unique or hard to find New Orleans food        b. Beignets are mouth watering..steamy hot that melts in your mouth        c. Crab cake is sinful, perfect amount of spices and herbs        d. Homemade turkey sausage patty was my addiction for months         e. Biscuits are sooo good, homemade and steamy hot2. It is not pretentious (I wear sweats most of the time I go there) Customers are very friendly too.3. Coffee is quite different than the typical coffee that I've had. I know someone who knows the owner of the restaurant and they say that she gets the coffee from New Orleans.4. There is a decent wait and a list that you have to put your name on, and yes I know waiting sucks but it is a good sign if there is a wait because that means the food is worth waiting for by locals plus they give you free coffee outside...unlike Mama's on Washington Square.Basically, whenever my family comes out to visit me I always take them there and I will be going there until they either close or I move. And while I do think the service sucks at times, it does kind of go with the personality of the restaurant...not pretentious.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2009,5/21/2009,1251,575,16,24,24>This night was superb in many, many ways.Chez Spencer really added to the greatness of it all through friendly service, good food, and an amazing atmosphere.Doing another "two dinner night" - we hit up Hog Island at the Ferry Building first, for fabulous oysters and a great bottle of Sauvignon Blanc.  With that (and a whole lot of Acme bread) under our belts (literally), we headed to our dinner reservation at Chez Spencer.Now, this place has been my friend Brad's "go-to" place when he is taking a girl out, and I wasn't quite sure what to expect.  I never really believed in his tastebuds, and I have no idea what he's like "as a date".  I would have had no qualms about walking in and walking right back out, so while Archie parked, I peeked in full of reservations and doubts - and was instantly impressed.What a wonderful little patio, wonderfully lit, warm, and so inviting!  DEFINITELY request patio seating when you make your reservation, this was simply THE BEST.Also notable is the host who greeted us with such genuine warmth - which is always a great start to a dining experience.  He seemed truly happy to see us, and welcomed us so warmly.  Our server made up for what he lacked in friendliness, with prompt and continuous attention and ensuring we needed for nothing throughout the night.  That's perfectly fine - no complaints at all.On this night, we had 3 appetizers and 2 entrees, and 1 nice bottle of Burgundy that the server recommended.  Yes, it was our second dinner... and yes, I know that's a lot.  But it's the man's birthday and I was determined to buy him a nice, filling meal.We started off w/ the duck w/ poached egg salad, which was recommended by some on Yelp.  The egg and salad portion was good but the duck was okay.  No more, no less.  We then had the sweetbreads w/ arugula, and this was good.  Then, we had the foie gras w/ sourdough toast which was absolutely fantastic.  I think we talked about that "second bite" of the foie gras for the next two hours.  For our entrees, we shared the lamb and the filet mignon.  Both were very good - - but neither were the best ever.Having to choose between desserts - I was not shocked at all when we both discussed cheese, then opted for MORE wine and cheese, in lieu of dessert.  Did we need more wine?  NO.Did that matter?  Not at all.We ordered a Camembert Cheese plate and finished that off w/ the new wine.No restaurant in my book can earn 5 stars until everything we ordered there was outstanding.  Chez Spencer's food was overall very good, but some things were just acceptable, like the duck.  Add to that the fact that this dinner would hover dangerously close to $300 by the time you add in the tip  - - I had to immediately reassess my opinion on the food when we got the bill.  All of my good intent to buy him a nice dinner went out the window as eventually, Archie didn't let me pay for any portion of the evening, and instead of being able to wish him a Happy 30-something Birthday, I'm having to thank him for yet another great night of eating and drinking. The Hog Island portion was PERFECT  - the Chez Spencer part was GREAT - and the Monk's Kettle portion of the evening - HILARIOUS, especially watching Archie and the Pretzel, or the things we do to get a place to seat our lazy butts.  So - thank you, Archie.  It's always too much fun.... until the next morning, anyway - but I daresay, it's worth it!
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2009,5/20/2009,261,194,17,33,29>With French Laundry as my benchmark, here's my review:Food: We had the nine course tasting menu which included some amazing amuse bouche selections, foie gras, seafood, lamb and beef. With the exception of the chicken dishes, I was wowed by all of the chef's offerings. The cool thing about getting the nine course is that it's all at the discretion of the chef (the Japanese call this omakase), and I could tell he really put a lot of thought into it. Our dishes were different each time...for instance I would have the sea bass and he would have the salmon. It was like we were having 18 courses each, because we'd be eating off each other's plates. And a special note regarding the lamb and rib eye steak...melts in your mouth - wowsers! I have never had such richly marbled lamb and steak that didn't require a real steak knife to cut through. There were a couple of surprises too. One of the first courses included an oblong oval dish filled with an aromatic smoke and covered with plastic film. When I lifted the miniature spoon, I noticed a small hole; I tapped the film to release the smoke which added to the already ethereal experience of consuming caviar and quail egg. The other surprise was having the sea bass in a multi-level dish. After I finished the sea bass, the server lifted the top dish to reveal a single ravioli, leeks and shittake mushrooms. Service: I loooooooooooooved the service here. They know how to take care of their patrons and do it ever so pleasantly with not an ounce of stuffiness. Everyone was always smiling and gracious.Atmosphere: Traditional, old style European. We dined in plush chairs that even had matching lumbar pillows...very comfie. I didn't find the Dining Room stuffy at all. They threw in modern paintings to offset the lush red interior, so it was sort of eclectic as well.Value: I realize this might sound strange to say that an uber expensive restaurant could be a good value. BUT consider that the chef took great pains to vary the dishes in a tasting menu between the two of us, and that the majority of the dishes were simply wonderful -  $125 for a nine course menu ain't so bad. We added two glasses of champagne, three glasses of French wine (the French sommelier was excellent), and four selections from the cheese cart. The total came out to $500 for two, including gratuity. So if you don't drink, you could save yourself a lot of money ;)But just a note about the prices as compared to French Laundry...I think I paid close to $500 like four years ago. And this was a nine course meal with just a half bottle of champagne. Honestly, the Ritz is a good value when you think in terms of that. Special Touches: I've seen plenty of cheese carts but an "after dinner cart?" Oh hello!?! I am so there! Every guest can have their fill of truffle lollies, petit fours, chocolates and other delectable morsels that are sure to delight anyone's sweet tooth. This cart is in addition to dessert, of course. So I rated French Laundry a six star experience because seriously...they did not disappoint in any aspect (if you ignore the stuffiness). The Ritz...five and half, really, because the chicken dishes were unremarkable, but the warm smiles from the staff and the "after dinner cart" were treats I'm not accustomed to seeing in these "chic chic" establishments. So I think that makes up for a few of the dishes shortcomings. I will definitely be back - after my wallet recovers, that is ;)
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2009,5/19/2009,832,255,28,29,25>"It's raining, it's pouringThe old man is snoringHe went to bed and he bumped his headAnd couldn't get up in the morning"Uh, that's called too much whiskey buddy! Anywho....if you're having a day like the old man, or you're just looking for some comfort food on a cold and rainy day, nothing hits the spot better than a fresh hot cup of Mexican Chicken Tortilla soup. I've never had a cup of soup here that didn't make me say mmmmnnnnnn in an embarrassingly loud voice. And I loooooove me some good soup!It's cheap, it's fast and it's served to warm your heart and soul! Just came across this: "Celebrate Cinco De Mayo- Purchase any of our Mexican Style soups the week of May 4-8 to enter our drawing for a $100 San Francisco Soup Company Gift Card!"  $100 Gift Card?! That's a lotta soup!
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2009,5/18/2009,355,431,25,30,31>A few months ago I was in Eve. I came across a rack of sweaters in multiple colors, all with long, drapey ends of fabric. They were on sale 'til the end of the week. Curious, I shrugged on a charcoal-colored one and tied the ends in a fat knot. It looked... weird. I decided to ask for some help:Me (to Eve employee): Um, excuse me?  Would you mind telling me how this is supposed to be worn?Eve Employee: Sure! It's the wrap sweater. It's really in right now and there's actually a ton of different ways to wear it. I'm actually wearing one right now. Here's how I did it mine.(Eve Employee proceeds to tie the ends of the two long pieces in a small knot, does some twisty magic, and places the fabric around my neck.)Eve Employee: Voila! It's like a cowlick sweater.Me: Oooo! That looks good! (Cowlick look: img6.imageshack.us/img6/…)Eve Employee: Here's another way that one of our customers came up with. You'll need a bangle.(Eve Employee goes to the accessories table and grabs a large plastic bracelet, returns and slips the two long pieces of sweater through it, wraps the remaining fabric around me, and tucks the ends in.)Eve Employee: It's kind of a modern, formal look that you can use over a dress or to go out in.Me: Whoa! That's so cool! (Faux-cardigan bangle look: img14.imageshack.us/img1…)Eve Employee: Yeah, there's a million different ways it can be worn. You can totally be creative with it. (Perhaps Gullible) Me: Seems like a pretty good investment with so many different looks. I'd be crazy NOT to get one!My reviews on clothing stores are about as few and far between as are my actual shopping trips (my "Top Reviewed Categories" chart reveals where my financial priorities really lie...**nom nom nom**). In spite of this, Eve is one of the few clothing shops I'd take the time to give some well-deserved recognition. Located on the Upper Haight, it stands out from competing women's clothing boutiques for providing a more versatile array of prices (ranging from the "Wow this is cute OH SHIT I'm gonna pretend I didn't see that price tag" to "Wow, I can actually afford this") and outstanding customer service that is in no way pushy or pretentious. And unlike other small shops like it, Eve's sale merchandise doesn't LOOK like sale merchandise (ie, you can actually find cute, flattering items on sale). Right now they have an entire room of clothing and shoes for 50% off, like the pleated bubble mini skirt I bought yesterday (link coming soon!) that was once $95, marked down to $50, and purchased at half off THAT price for a grand total of $27.With the current state of the economy, Eve is definitely one of the few luxuries an SF girl will find worth checking out (ps, clearly I'm loving the sweater! And by cowlick, of course I meant cowlneck... that's me, the fashionista all the way).
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2009,5/17/2009,704,219,19,24,23>How did I overlook one of my favorite restaurants? *queue cheesy entertainment TV voice* "In the heart of downtown San Francisco, Michael Mina boasts one of the most reputable menus in the city. Under the innovative direction of owner Michael Mina, this restaurant takes California Cuisine to level of "Haute Couture." Using only the freshest local ingredients, his seasonal offerings and contemporary pairings are sure to excite the taste buds. Highlights include(ed) roasted poussin with forelle pears, walnut butter, and seared foie gras, as well as the rib-eye of wagyu beef accompanied by white asparagus, ancho cress, and a black trumpet vinaigrette. And if you find yourself with the time to sit back and relax, don't skip the wine pairing. Michael Mina's acclaimed sommelier is able to suggest wines that bring an extra special something out of each dish, enhancing the overall experience. As for the service, it is exactly what one would expect out of a 2 star Michelin rated restaurant: perfection. Don't let the gray, semi-formal business decor fool you, the servers are approachable, knowledgeable, attentive, and very friendly. Whether you come with a group of friends, or a special date, Michael Mina's food, atmosphere, and service are the epitome of fine dining in San Francisco."*end cheesy spokesperson voice*
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/27/2009,5/16/2009,399,555,29,30,32>My partner-in-crime and I typically go on bromantic dates to nice restaurants on a quarterly basis. Morton's was on our steakhouse target list, so their surf and turf prix fixe offer pushed them to the top. At just $99 for TWO, which included bread that was an appetizer in and of itself, choice of salads, crab or scallops, veggies + potatoes, and delicious seared flesh, this was a steal. If dessert was included (it's not), we'd have been too stuffed to enjoy it. The food was good, but the atmosphere really blows. I had this image of what it would be like inside and found it terribly disappointing. Aside from tourists who think hoodies and blazing white kicks are acceptable as business casual, the decor lacks that elegant richness one might expect. Perhaps their expansion upstairs (they've snagged half of the Disney Store's retail corpse) will address this? Anyway, I'm glad we checked it out, but my arse is still a little sore from getting reamed by a 118% markup on a bottle of Veuve Clicquot. If it weren't my favorite bubbly, I'd have raised my middle finger. But then again, Bobby and I are so used to our liquor damage exceeding the cost of our foodstuffs, we just cheers'd all the harder.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2009,5/15/2009,449,396,24,43,39>TOP FIVE REASONS WHY I LOVE SAIGON SANDWICHES5.  The two ladies manning the store.  They are really good at what they do (even if it consists of making sandwiches, wrapping them, calling out orders, and taking cash).  When lines are long (which is almost always), it's fun to watch them do their thing with such finesse and efficiency.4.  Asian snack galore!  Calbee Shrimp Flavored Chips, "yupi" peanuts, Pretz, Hi-Chew gummies, Vietnamese pandan treats, and so much more!  They really pack this little store with tons of goodies -- their snacks are piled up against the wall.3.  They sell banh lot (my favorite green worm-like and coconut dessert)!  Of all places in SF, I've only seen it sold at Little Paris in Chinatown and now here!2.  The lady who's the cashier and also wraps the sandwiches knows all about hygiene.  You'll notice her putting on her plastic gloves to wrap the banh mi and she'll take them off when ringing you up.  And repeat.1.  Their banh mi, duh.  Roast pork and combination are my favorite!
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2008,5/14/2009,2747,1075,28,46,45>A prosperous friend of ours called this a "moderately priced" rendezvous.  After our entrance through the front door and up the staircase, we proceeded through a glass-canopied grand promenade to the lounge to wait for her.  A DJ was setting up, and we found a nice couch in the middle of a large hardwood area to watch for her arrival.  She was right behind us, and we all settled down for a chat over a martini, a glass of champagne, and a cucumber vodka gimlet.  She was celebrating her best year ever, growing her company to new heights.  Think of a holiday party at the Fifth Floor, and employee gifts by Louis Vuitton, and you can understand the good fortune she enjoyed this year.  After we all celebrated our success, we proceeded to the dining room, letting the hostess know where we were, so that the bar tab could be summed into the dinner tab.  At the dining table, we were enchanted with the choices.  We decided to start with the tasting platter of appetizers for three.  Then the ladies selected the tiger prawns with day boat scallops, and "the noodles" -- thick-cut rice noodles with Dungeness crab and shrimp.  I desired beef short ribs, which they agreed probably would be all mine, because it just didn't seem to go with the seafood.  In fact, it gave our prosperous friend a tough decision to make about the wine, because the sommelier and she assumed beef would require a red, while the seafood would require a white.  This is the way, n'est-ce pas?  With a little bit of lobbying on my part, we wound up with a 2005 Josmeyer dry riesling from Alsace, called "Le Dragon."  Both the ladies agreed it was good with the seafood, and after they had a taste of my fall-off-the-bone ribs with leek and anise broth, they decided to share and share alike.  De rien, mademoiselles.  Now, what would an casually elegant dinner be without dessert?  A flourless chocolate cake, a serving of deep-fried ice cream, and a tapioca-topped banana pudding, accompanied by two coffees and a cup of tea, followed the entrees later in the evening.  The cheque added up to $284 + tip, of which about $80 was the riesling.  Comment?  So let us know that 2009 will be the best year ever for all of us, and that we will all agree Le Colonial is a "moderately priced" place to celebrate!
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2007,1/22/2008,157,129,10,26,15>This is kind of like the cooler, more ghetto version of SF's Ferry Building farmer's market. This has much of the same great heirloom produce as it's upscale cousin, but without the insane crowds, free parking and much, much lower prices. And did I mention you can buy a LIVE CHICKEN?!?! The chicken people are in the lot just west of the market, so I don't if they are legit or renegade, but damn, you can actually buy a live chicken at this market!!Also hats off to the older lady one-man-band who plays music on a old wood saw. BART'S HOT TIP: The one drawback to this market is that the parking lot entrance becomes a huge bottleneck at peak hours. If you're coming over from Bernal on Putnam (the street that borders the Farmer's Market to the west), you can completely bypass the bottleneck by taking a left onto one of the back streets, Tompkins, which drops you right into the parking lot. If you are coming from the 280 you could also drive up Putnam (bypassing the Market on your right) and then take a right into Tompkins.(Update: I had earlier thought you could get onto Tompkins from Nevada or any of the other main streets in Bernal but you can actually only reach it via Putnam - I realized the Yahoo map is wrong when I went there last week)
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2007,1/21/2008,310,324,15,17,21>Picnics at Dolores park on lazy Sundays are always so much fun in the sun! And for those who don't enjoy the sun so much, there's lots of trees that provide a good amount of shade.  The park is quite big so there's plenty of space for a crazy amount of people.  And all kinds of people at that - from hula hooperes (sadly I can't hula hoop), Capeoira class, the shirtless hot gay men, stoners, punk rockers, sexy nekkid beautiful people (j/k) to the wonderful Yelpers!I must say though, the men are a little luckier because they can relieve themselves anywhere in the park without it being a big deal, however, the womens have to wait in a long ass line just to get to a dirty smell bafroom.  Thank goodness the gorgeous Leggy Laura B. lives right along the park and was gracious and kind enough to let me tinkle in her beautiful apartment! Thanks Laura!Oooo and if you get hungry, there are plenty of places to go grab a bite within walking distance.Hurrah for Dolores park! I will be back this Sunday for a friends bday! :D
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2007,1/20/2008,143,136,21,19,17>I've had a rough go of it, dentally. I've had just about every type of dental device there is - bionators, head gear, retainers, braces...TWICE (and one of those times was during senior pictures!!!). Yes, adolescence was tough. Throw some frizzy hair and some B.U.M Equipment into the mix and just IMAGINE my school pictures...Thanks to my last set of braces, I have permanent jaw damage and will have to wear a gigantic retainer, fully equipped with cranks and wires and yucky bite plates, each night for pretty much the rest of my life. Sexy, I know. Its creator,my childhood orthodontist, has since retired and nobody makes devices like it anymore. And of course, just my luck, this archaic, stupid, ugly piece of plastic has broken several times over the course of its existence. Consequently, I've had a SLEW of dentists "ooh" and "ah" and scratch their heads at it, and me, then back at it. And each time, I shrug my shoulders, roll my eyes and say "Yes, I'm a freakshow, I know...yada yada". They pass it around the office and snicker and say "I've never seen ANYthing like THIS before". THAT'S the worst thing I can hear after enduring years and years of crooked teeth, just itching to return to their previous form without said piece of plastic. "So, I guess you can't fix it then, right?"Enter Dr. Keyser. Yes, he scratched his head and studied the "thing" like it was a 300-million-year-old fossil. But that was it. He didn't look at me like I just took a dog poo out of my pocket, like so many had in the past. He accepted my challenge with patience, professionalism...and, of course, a little humor. I've seen Dr. Keyser a total of 4 times this year, and each time I am more comfortable with him and his staff. He even said he would research other dentists who will be able to make a new "thing" for me when mine breaks...or "accidentally" gets thrown out a window.I can confidently recommend him to all my less challenged friends (Yeah, must be nice to JUST have cavities and crowns, HUH!), and I wouldn't trust anyone else in the city with my teeth OR "the thing". I can feel the emotional scars healing already. Thanks Dr. Keyser.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2007,1/19/2008,287,292,22,24,26>Damn it City Beer Store... Why do you have to have more than 99 bottles of beer on your wall? This is my 99th review and I wanted it to be cool... Well here goes my lame attempt. "A lot more than 99 bottles of beer on the wall, A lot more than 99 bottles of beer... You take.... Abbaye de Roc Grand Cru AbitaAfligem AnchorAnderson ValleyAugustiner Edelstoff Munich Beer AveryAyinger Babysham Cider Ballast PointBass Bavik Premium Pilsner Bear RepublicBelhaven Belzebuth's Strong Ale Big SkyBirra Moretti BitburgerBoddingtons Bohemia Brouwerij St. BernardusBuffalo Belgian Stout Butte Creek Manteveza ChimayCoopersDe Koninck Delirium Tremens Deschutes Hop Trip Drake'sDuchese De Bourgogne Duvel E.J. Phair Brewery Shorty's Revenge Eel River Einbecker Ur-Bock Dunkel EKUEl Toro Poppy Amber Elephant Erdinger FirestoneFox Barrel Hard Cider Franziskaner Full Sail Session Lager FullersGirardin Gueuze Green Flash Grimbergen Dubble Guinness Gulden Draak Hacker-Pschorr Hair of the DogHamm's Premium Harp He'BrewHitachinoHoegaarden HofbrauHumboldt Hemp Ale Isle of Skye Wee Beast Jerome Kasteel Triple Kona Brewing Konig Pilsner KoningshoevenKostritzer Schwarzbier Kronenbourg "1664" Kwak La Chouffe La Rulles Triple LagunitasLeffe Licher Weizen LindemansLost Abbey Lost Coast Mad RiverMagners Irish Cider MaredsousMarin Bluebeery McEwan's Scotch Ale MelbournMoyland Murphy's New Belgium North Coast Old Perculier Old Speckled Hen OmmegangOrval Trappiste Ale PaulanerPeroni Pete'sPetrus Pinkus Piraat Poerings Hommel Ale Pyramid Imperial Hefeweizen Radeberger Red Stripe Reinart Flemish Wild Ale Reissdorf Koelsch Rochefort Trappistes Russian RiverSam AdamsSam Smith's Samichlaus Ale Schlenkerla Rauchbier SchneiderScotch de Silly Sea DogShiner Bock ShipyardSierra NevadaSingha Smithwick's Spanish PeaksSt. BernardusSt. FeuillianSt. Peter'sStella Artois StieglStoneStrongbow Cider Sudwerk Pilsner Tiger Beer TraquairTriple Karmeleit Trumer Pilsner Uerige Sticke UnibroueWarsteiner Pilsner WeihenstephanerWestmalle TrappistesWolavers Organic Oatmeal Stout WychwoodXingu Black BeerYoung's Double Chocolate Stout Zatec ...down and pass it around, and now you have that many less than a lot more than 99 bottles of beer on the wall."The above mentioned are (according to their website) the brands they always have in stock. They have about 300 others that are seasonal, and a lot of the above brands have 3-5 kinds per brand. How can you not love this place?!?!?!ps- I'm not really mad at you City Beer Store for making my review not as cool, cause your beer selection beats a semi-cool review any day.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2007,1/18/2008,528,403,56,18,40>You know you're in trouble when your cat tells you to leave the house. Our dialog went a little something like this:Mr. Biscuits (the cat): "Get off the couch mom, I'm sick of your moping. If I have to watch one more hour of "Sex and the City," I'm gonna lose it." Me: "Okay Mr. Biscuits, but where should I go?"Mr. Biscuits: "I'm just a cat, how the hell should I know?" Okay, Mr. Biscuits is OBVIOUSLY not a Yelper, so I call my girl. J-Len, I need to get out of the house, out of my sweats, and interface w/the real world. I'm looking for somewhere close, should I feel the need to run home, and with kind lighting. She says, meet me at Bar 821. It's only 4 blocks from your house, Ms Lazy Bones. And they have a limited bar menu, which should keep it nice and simple as not to confuse your addled little brain. It's been awhile. Me: "Mr. Biscuits, help me find an outfit to wear." It's hard to tell from a cat's expression, but I chose black and white stripes, which he seems to only wear. (His wardrobe is rather limited.) Relieved to have the house and remote control to himself,  he blinks in my direction as I leave. Mr. Biscuits: "Pick me up some cheetos while you're out."Rrright, I set off into the strange, yet exciting world. J-Len was right -- only 4 blocks away, and the lighting kind and cozy. It's a weeknight, so not too crowded, the tempo and atmosphere just right.  I had the cab, she the champagne.  A good night, definitely worth leaving the couch for. Thanks for the push, Mr. Biscuits!
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2007,1/17/2008,72,38,27,22,24>there aren't a whole lot of people i'd let near my naughty bits with hot wax, but lonni, with her no-nonsense waxing deftness, can be fully trusted to get the job done down there with precision and artistry.i've been going to see lonni for over a year now and i have to say that her talent has kind of changed my life.  i know, i know, you're probably thinking, fur removal changing your life?  but really, it has.  or at least, it has greatly improved the quality of my life.  because lonni is so good at what she does, for just a few short minutes (under 10) of pain, i get weeks of happy fur-less brazilian comfort.  this has become an indispensible aspect of life for me, and for it i have lonni to thank.book an appointment with her at her new place:lonni's punani@ hair help1756 18th st. (@ de haro)lonnispunani.coma friend of mine once said to me, "you know, this whole time i've been talking to you, i've been naked underneath my clothes."  go see lonni and you'll be an even better kind of naked underneath your clothes.  and out of them too.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2007,1/16/2008,541,1054,15,29,29>Nothing says "I love you" like steak with morels in cream sauce.  At least, not in my book!Mr. S. and I dined at Chez Spencer last night to celebrate our 14th wedding anniversary.  It was the first time for both of us (yes, after 14 years, there are still some "first times"...believe it or not!!), and it was perfect for a romantic night out in a casually elegant setting.The neighborhood has  gone from semi-deserted industrial to become a new center of coolness with Nihon, Chez Spencer, and the Wag Hotel on the same block.  Still, you have to admire the off-the-beaten path location, where you would hardly expect to discover a fine-dining establishment.  This is what gives Chez Spencer its locals-only status and, with good reason, it continues to be a cult favorite destination among the discerning diners in this city.The atmosphere is wonderful - the interior has high, rounded ceilings and simple art on the wall - everything is natural/modern and the kitchen is in open view.  The outdoor patio is kept warm with heat lamps and filled with diners aglow in the candlelight.  Unlike many fine dining establishments, you would not feel uncomfortable in (nice) jeans here, or you could dress it up more if the mood struck you.While I was waiting for Mr. S to park the car, I enjoyed a lovely cocktail at the bar - the Charbay Blood Orange/Lillet creation.  I usually like my Charbay neat, but this was a perfect flavor combination and delicious - a good indication of what was to come.I opted for the tasting menu, as I always do if they offer one - I like to see the range of a chef's skill, and I was not disappointed.  Here, the tasting menu is $80, or $120 with a wine pairing.  Well worth it.Here is what I had:1. Champagne-Gratine Oyster with Spinach Mousse - fabulous!!!  2 tender oysters covered in foam with spinach underneath, and nestled in rock salt*Sancerre, Domaine Sylvain Bailly, Loire, France 2005 - delicious, perfect with the oysters____________________2. Foie Gras Torchon with Vanilla-Scented Blackberry, Pain de Campagne - lovely - disc of foie gras, with blackberries and blackberry sauce to spread on the toasts.  Excellent flavor pairing - love the savory and rich with the tart and sweet...mmmm.*Muscat de Saint Jean de Minervois, Languedoc, France NV - also lovely, beautiful honey aroma ____________________3. Wood Grilled Flat Iron Steak with Morels  la Crme, Truffle Butter - this is a signature dish of the restaurant, and it's easy to see why - it is outstanding.  Perfectly cooked, excellent piece of meat with the truffle butter melting on top, and a generous portion of morels underneath with a decadently delicious cream sauce.  The outside was seared, with a butter-soft rare inside.  I savored every last bite.*Cairanne, Domaine Richaud, Cotes du Rhone Villages, Rhone, France 2005 - the only disappointment, too light for this dish.  I would have preferred a hearty cab.______________________4. Dandelion Greens Salad -  Perfect - texured, crunchy and slightly bitter, with a wonderful garlic-y vinaigrette. Excellent after the hearty steak*Apologies - don't remember the wine here - it was Greek and very light and good, wakes up the palette for the final courses__________________5. Artisans Cheese - 3 delicious cheeses:  St. Agur Bleu, Petit Basque and Camembert - mmmmm*Broadbent Reserve 5 year old Madeira, Portugal NV - yummmm________________6. Warm chocolate Pudding with Flower of the Alps Tea Anglaise - warm chocolately like molten chocolate cake, feeling very warm and moony, mmmmmmmm*Broadbent Port, Porto Lot 1 Auction Reserve, Portugal - oooh good, like honey....honey?  can we go home now?And that, my friends, is how you seduce your wife after 14 years.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2007,1/15/2008,4961,1539,46,41,39>Now if I'm having a bad hair day, I only have to walk a few blocks from work to get a fabulous blowout on my lunch break. Shirin and her team are now blowing downtown! While sipping on wine, Cindy gave me some sexy big hair in an hour.  In addition to blowouts, the salon offers up-dos, deep conditioning, and clip-in extensions - no cutting or color. If you need a quick styling fix, they can give you a $15 mini "hustle & blow"out. Otherwise, they charge by the inch and by the style. My long hair was blown and put in velcro rollers, which cost $49.It's true, these women blow, and they blow really well.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2007,1/14/2008,308,1102,65,42,44>While H & M is your ca-razy aunt who you inevitably end up sitting next to at a family function and who proceeds to tell you more than you ever wanted to know about her digestive tract, deceased husband's enormous wang, and who then gives you the world's ugliest crucifix jewelry for your birthday, MNG by Mango is the cool, collected relative who shows up once a year in Armani, tells you all about her life as a CNN international correspondent and the brief love affair she had with a Dutch poet who died in a tragic motorcyle accident (the one real love of her life) and who gives you gifts like a subscription to the New Yorker and takes you out for your very first high tea. The point is MNG by Mango is better than H & M. And has dresses you may actually consider wearing seriously and not solely to embarrass your friends.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2007,1/13/2008,663,169,17,28,30>*                                      _________________________                                      [ [     o                                                   ]]      ---------------------[[[[[   o     SHOT OF PROCRIT             []==[]                                      [ [_________________________]]Renal and/or Kidneys problem?   Dr. Michael Borah is one of the leading physicians in this field and he is your man!  He is also a primary care physician at  California Pacific Medical Center on the East Campus (2100 Webster).  I was referred to Dr. Borah after I had experienced  a whole chartful of problems (later, I learned it was acute anemia from my kidneys shutting down).  He handled my care with immediate and safe attention to my ailment.  Instead of a blood transfusion for my anemia, he personally injected me with Procrit every month until my condition improved.  If you ever have a kidney problem or an urinary tract  infection (UTI) for example, check with him.  Dr. Borah has a very professional demeanor, but for some unknown reason, he reminds me of "Jack Benny" - the nuance, the stare????
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/13/2012,12/28/2012,1280,239,12,24,13>So what has changed in the past 3 years with Ikes let see...They moved from 16th street to lime on market then back to 16th(bigger spot).Been featured on man vs food. Blew my mind away the first couple of times ive been there.And open up a bunch of other locations all over the bay area. Somewhere between 3 moves or expansion - its lost its mojo.The menu seems to be more refined,  but still offers every sandwiches they have made in the past. Maybe its because its not ike making my sandwich giving it that extra kick. The sandwich i had today was not the sandwich i had 3 years ago. Not the same sandwich that made me go back the day after. The sandwich i had today was super runny - with sauce over powering everything. Although their dutch crutch still remains good and fresh. This is what i hate. When a business is a underdog they aim to please everybody, but once they blow up and become superstars they sometimes lose their way or forget where they come from.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2012,12/27/2012,2747,1075,9,16,17>Clean and airy, very tasty food, attentive waitstaff.  I met a friend here for an early dinner yesterday.  The space was light, with tasteful art hung on the walls.  Service was friendly and attentive.  She chose a plate of mani, which is like beef tortellini, and I ordered the kofti kebab, my favorite.  Kofti is ground lamb, rolled up into little meatballs, which are skewered and grilled.  The kebab (2 skewers) came with a fluffy white rice and steamed spinach.  We drank 2 glasses of Louis Latour chardonnay, and I had a glass of port for dessert.  The bill was $54.52 for all of this.  I love the complexity of middle eastern spices.  There is something in the flavors that holds my attention all the way through the meal.  Besides giving us an icebreaker topic of conversation, it gave us a naturally happy feeling for the evening.   Of course, the conversation was great, and we probably would have been happy anyway.  I recommend this restaurant to anyone who likes Mediterranean food.  This is one of the best restaurants on Clement Street.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,12/26/2012,637,316,12,18,15>I've been to the symphony 4 times during my lifetime, 3 of those visits being here within the last year! I've watched Colors of Christmas, The Legend of Zelda in Concert, and the ever popular Beatles Tribute, all of which were amazing! The venue is beautiful from the foyer to the cool hanging glass-thingies that apparently improve the acoustics, to the way that the sides of the balconies look like legos... Jokes aside, the architecture is very nice. For the most part, the acoustics are good- just make sure you select a seat that isn't too high up. (Where I usually am.) While there's a tradeoff between the aforementioned sound quality and price, I'm happy with either end of the spectrum- cheap tickets or amazing sound!
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2012,12/25/2012,671,505,10,15,12>I just celebrated by birthday here with friends on Friday. We showed up early (right at 5) for happy hour oysters.I was able to grab one of the "family-style" tables in the middle, great for larger groups. HUGE plus: the tables have hooks underneath to hang bags and coats. Service was great and seamless, my prosecco glass was never empty.Must-have on the menu:$1 Oyster Happy Hour - chef's choice, but also had the non-happy hour oysters (Kusshi, Kumamoto, Beausoleil).Fries with 1/2 Old Bay seasoning and 1/2 egg yolk glaze. I inhaled the fries, especially the egg yolk glaze ones...such an amazing combo.Jamon Serrano - Spanish ham slices, similar to prosciutto.Prosciutto - can't go wrong with this plate, accompanied by flat bread and crostini.Tuna Crudo - sashimi-style tuna served over pureed avocado and orange ice.Happy Birthday to me.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2012,12/24/2012,449,1573,27,32,32>It's a sunny weekend in the Mission, everybody (hipsters!) and their mamas are out for brunch. You don't want to wait for a table. Where do you go?Stable Cafe.It seems like this is a secret spot of sorts since it's far out on Folsom st., but only a few blocks away from the craziness that is the area around Dolores Park. M. Davis designs did a swell job on converting this former police horse stable into a fully functional cafe without sacrificing the aesthetics: sliding glass barn door, terraniums, local art, loft style seating and lots of exposed beams. The sunlit filled space is super inviting, although I wish the seating was more comfortable. My tushie can't handle hard wood for more than 2 hours. Also,something a lot of coffee shops in SF don't have: a landscaped courtyard on the adjacent lot.I love hanging out here whether I'm around the Mission or after attending dance class at ODC. Coffee beans are courtesy of Dela Paz. The cafe Americano is spot on, the watermelon agua fresca is thirst quenching and their brunch menu delivers: huevos rancheros (offered as a special on the weekends), Nona (egg in a hole with bacon and brie), bagels, etc.  The eggs are locally grown by the owner at his farm in Petaluma and you can't get any fresher than that! I've yet to try the pies from Three Babes Bakeshop, a pop-up on the weekends selling delicious pies for $5/slice. More reasons to come back! ;-)
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2012,12/23/2012,264,486,8,10,12>They had me at "sparkling" (water).  Everything was uphill from there.Duck & grits: Normally, grits are a bland and greasy concoction that doesn't impress me much, but the accompaniment of braised greens, poached egg, and "chow chow" added just enough flavor to pick up an otherwise heavy dish.Ricotta pancake:The pancake was dense (duh, ricotta), but fluffy enough that it nearly melted in my mouth.  And it was so subtly sweet, that the blueberry compote went along perfectly.  There was no scrap or crumb left behind.  Every morsel was dutifully mopped up.Burger:Burger was delicious, but the fries!  Oh, the fries.  Typically, there is *never* a surplus of ketchup/fry condiments, but the fries were so well seasoned, the ketchup was nearly untouched at the end of the meal.  Quite the achievement.Corner Store, I think I love you.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,12/22/2012,676,1583,13,22,17>Dan taats , better known as egg custard tarts, are my favorite here. That's right, I prefer the ones here over the ever so famous Golden Gate Bakery.First off, allow me to explain myself. I hate egg custard tarts. I know, who the hell am I right? The crusts are generally made with tons of shortening. Consuming flaky lard isn't really one of my favorite things to do, so uhh yeah. I tend to stay away from those bad boys whenever I have dim sum. At Bread of Life , the crust is more of a cookie consistency similar to a shortbread. I definitely prefer this. The egg custard itself is also muuuuuch smoother and silkier than the usual egg custard tarts everywhere else. Think of a sweet silken tofu. Yeap, that's the custard here. Refering back to Ken K's reviews, Bread of Life is a ministry (I think based out of Oakland?) that teaches the baking trade to Chinese immigrants. My parents told me this is true, and that this place has been getting a lot of flak from all the other Chinese bakeries in the area. Why? They're stealing all the business away.CHEAP pastries, made fairly well, and not to mention TASTY!$5 for a dozen of the mini egg custard tarts. I'm a fan for life. I've gone twice already!
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2012,12/21/2012,305,233,17,16,14>Looking up at the changed sign, I drew a tear to see that it was Lichee Garden no more.  Actually I didn't.  For a more impactful beginning I thought I would just say that.  Nonetheless, memories at the former Lichee Garden still vividly play through my mind.  The biggest for me as a child, spelling "lychee", as "lichee", and not realizing the misspelling.  Times have changed for this personal landmark.  From the creators that brought you Hong Kong Lounge, a different lounge, Lai Hong Lounge has risen.  Cue the Dark Knight Rises score.  They must like using the word "lounge".  After being flabbergasted, in the good way of course, by Hong Kong Lounge, I always wondered when Hong Kong Lounge would open a restaurant to challenge the likes of the dim sum of other SF Chinatown.  Finally, it happened.  This is it.  Let it be known.  There's a new challenger in town.  Round one: Fight!        *Siu mai - Sometimes, you can't go wrong with a classic.  Hong Kong Lounge steams up really good siu mai.  Lai Hong has good ones too.  No matter how you spell it, shu mai, siu mai, or just want to call it pork dumplings, you can't go wrong with them here.  (I have a feeling I have written that last sentence in another review)  If you didn't know already, yes, a touch of chili oil makes a siu mai 100% better.*Pan fried taro cakes - Unlike the thicker ones you'd usually see, they offer thinly layered taro cakes that are pan fried.  These come out in a form reminiscent of a green onion pancake armored with a crispy texture.  This will have anyone licking their chops for more (or licking the glistening grease from it).  I don't think they have this in HK Lounge, but I could be wrong.*Chinese tamale, "zongzi" or "ZONG!" - Yes, Chinese tamale, share it.  I doubt anyone can finish this $8 behemoth alone.  This is a special item order.  Inside the tamale is packed full of all kinds of ingredients from mung bean, Chinese sausage, and of course, that good o' slab of fat for extra flavor.  Like any Chinese tamale, it's wrapped in leaves, Lai Hong's version are made for Yao Ming sized.  It is prepared like the one at Hong Kong Lounge.  So if you tried it there, similarities between the two are fairly noticeable.           As The Dark Knight Rises is arguably the second best movie in Christopher Nolan's Batman Trilogy, Lai Hong is also the distant second to Hong Kong Lounge.  Quality levels are shades apart from HK Lounge.  As a standalone unbiased restaurant, they shovel out good dim sum.  While it has just opened not too long ago, they bring a strong competitor to the SF Chinatown options for dim sum.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,12/20/2012,3057,2814,18,27,24>Since I take the bus into work, I had never thought about shopping for produce during my lunch hour. But now that I'm trying to get a little more plant-based, I have a little more motivation these days, plus I have this neat canvas bag I got for free from the Halal Guys at 53rd and 6th in Manhattan. So now I can carry produce and compete with all those elderly Chinese women with their flimsy pink bags. Oh yes, that last Chinese eggplant is MINE, old lady! I actually come here for the produce I never see at Safeway or even Whole Foods like Romanesco zucchini. Y'know, the big gray-green ones with the prominent ribbing and nutty taste. No inappropriate jokes please.I also come here to get at least a couple of bunches of Chinese long beans and those silky-firm white peaches. I have to say I have no problem filling up my Halal Guys bag with fresh goodies because the vendors here always have quality produce (see my photo gallery). It's worth coming just for the free samples but expect to get an elbow in the face from the more aggressive cheapskates. Nothing is ever free, is it? The market fits snugly into the ground floor of the Crocker Galleria every Thursday from 11AM to 3PM (plus Tuesdays during the summer). Come early if you want your pick of the freshest produce, but get your stinking hands off my Romanesco zucchini. That's mine!
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,12/19/2012,678,318,28,32,33>Date & Time:  Wednesday August 22, 2012 @ 5:30pmDining Companion:  The HusbandScene:  Junior Leaguers in Elizabeth James Dresses or Lululemon Decor:  Adorable & Girly.  Cake Pedestals, White Shelves Filled w/ Cute Boxes, Grey + White Polka Dot Walls, Pretty Mirror, Chandelier & Pastel Colored Mid-Century Modern StoolsService:  Very SweetImbibe:  Frosting Shot & Cake Shake on The MenuDevour:  Berry Good Cheesecake, Limonatta, Pink Champagne, Battle Royale(Almond Cake w/ Blueberry Tequila Filling & Acai Berry Cream Cheese Frosting), Samoa(Coconut Cake Filled w/ Ganache & Caramel Frosting).  Will Try The Stud Muffin(Brown Sugar Beer Cake w/ Caramel Salted Frosting Cayenne Dusted Bacon on Top).  Macarons, Whoopie Cookies, Ice Cream Sammy, Cruffles & Crispy Cakes on The MenuTotal:  $16.25
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2009,6/18/2010,734,876,39,46,41>When you're waking up at different hours in the night and morning when you should be sound asleep, it's time to get a new mattress. I was tossing and turning and keeping myself awake. After doing a little bit of research, I decided that it was time to invest in memory foam or something of the Tempurpedic variety.The experience in the Keetsa store on 9th went quite smoothly. We parked on Folsom [meterless 1-hour parking most days] and spent an hour or so testing out the different mattresses. We were told to try napping on the mattresses for about fifteen minutes for the full effect. When I was set on buying something, it didn't cost the usual arm, leg, and spleen that other mattress stores usually ask for. Just an arm and a half. I also picked up a comfort layer for another uncomfortable bed at home too. While there, we also sampled the Keetsa green tea and took some to go. All the pieces purchased fit into the Prius, and I was sleeping on a new mattress in no time. Well, "in no time" means the time it takes to get all the boxes out of the car and into the elevator, down the hall and into the apartment, and then to open the box, roll out the mattress and let it air out. So far, I'm noticing the difference. I'm getting more restful sleep. I wake up feeling awake and well-rested. So my 600th review goes to you, Keetsa!I'm going through the reviews now and reading about free pillows. We didn't get free pillows. :-( In fact ,we bought the bed platform, two pillows, a mattress protector, and four pillow protectors [two come in a pack] on top of the mattress and comfort layer... [UPDATE: Andy, SF store manager, responded fairly quickly to this review. While he didn't have to send 'em, pillows are coming in the mail!] 5 stars - very happy with this mattress - STILL / this is months into 2010!
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2010,6/17/2010,631,981,27,43,40>I knew this was a must try as soon as I read some of the early reviews since I love the Green Chile Kitchen and I love pie.  I found my way there on a late Wednesday afternoon and decided to make this a very late lunch / very early dinner.  The décor hasn't changed much since its days as the Green Chile Kitchen (now located down the block) but they've added a few pieces of ice cream related artwork.There's a two page menu posted off to the side.  The prices are on the higher side but I've come to expect that from businesses marketing their foods as "organic" and / or "vegan".  From reading most of the reviews prior to my visit I had my mind set on a couple of things already, but I stopped to browse at the menu anyway since the restaurant was fairly empty during my visit.I walked up to the counter and ordered a New Mexico Frito Pie, a slice of the signature Green Chile Apple Pie and a bottle of organic Honest Tea.  They have my favorite Peach Ooh-Long flavor here.  The business takes cash only so come prepared.  I stopped to grab napkins and a fork and grabbed a window seat since I've often sat there during the Green Chile Kitchen days.  Familiarity breeds comfort.The foods are brought to you once they are prepared.  The New Mexico Frito Pie (yelp.com/biz_photos/VZA4…) was amazing!  It's not so much a pie as it is maybe better described as a form of taco salad, but for something seemingly so simple to prepare the taste was simply exciting.  Served in a bowl it's an individual sized bag of Fritos corn chips cut open on top and down one side of the bag.  Seasoned Niman Ranch ground beef flavored with robust New Mexican red chiles are scooped in along with whole pinto beans, shredded cheese, fresh lettuce, fresh tomato and onion salsa and a big dollop of sour cream.  The chiles made for a very mild heat but the combined flavors of all the ingredients were very good.  I'd say the only thing missing would probably be a bit of fresh avocado.The Green Chile Apple Pie (yelp.com/biz_photos/VZA4…) was very good too.  Totally unique the mild green chiles are mixed in with the thinly sliced apples to create a sweet filling with mild pockets of heat.  The cheddar cheese crust was very flaky and crispy, but it was also very chewy in texture.  It definitely requires extra effort to cut through with just the side of the fork.  You may need a knife for this one.  The cheese flavor in the crust was very delicate.  The pie is topped with a delicious nutty and sweet walnut struesel.  I ordered the pie unheated and without ice cream although both options are available.  There was a huge swirl of fresh unsweetened whipped cream served to the side of the pie slice.Chile Pies and Ice Cream is definitely worth a visit if you're in the area!
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2010,6/16/2010,704,190,30,18,18>Patisserie Philippe is going to make me fat and die a messy, clogged artery death.The rescue team is going to break down two walls in my house, then haul my corpse out with a crane tethered to a cement building and use a sling made for killer whales.They will read about me in a blurb next to an article about Bat Boy in Weekly World News: "WORLD'S FATTEST ASIAN MAN DIES ALONE"Strangers will assume I was lonely and weird and probably smelled bad.Neighbors will shake their heads and tsk and say "I never saw him leave the house!"The Emergency Personnel at the scene of death will report that my face was set in a disturbing grimace, most likely due to the excessive amount of flesh in my chins and cheeks.But here's the real truth: I had many friends. Macaron and Éclair and Madeleine and Quiche and Brioche and all the rest of the gang were loyal and kind and loving. Philippe introduced me to this gang of friends.  They were entertaining. They stayed with me through the good and the bad. They did not judge. They cared for me. We even played Taboo and Cranium and they helped me beat records on Minesweeper!!I did not smell bad. I smelled of passion fruit and black currant and roses and apples and lattes and cinnamon and hazelnut and bergamot and almond. I smelled of love.And what's most importantly, I did not die with a grimace on my face. I died with the biggest fat man smile ever.In my final moment of death, I thought about the Apple Brioche with its subtle essence of orange blossom, and I died happy. And fat.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2010,6/14/2010,1015,671,54,37,42>Et tu, Mission Minis?Tartine Bakery.Bi-Rite Creamery.Mission Pie.Anthony's Cookies.Dynamo Donuts.This Axis of Evil has been wreaking havoc with waistlines and waging war with the exercise regimens of Mission denizens for years.  (Well mine anyway.)The only chink in the armor was CUPCAKES.WAS.  Thanks to Mission Minis, I now have to deal with a relentless assault of nefarious mini cupcakes in an array of flavors, colors, and sprinkles.  Since these mini cupcakes are well priced at $1 apiece, before you know it, you've been lured into ordering one of each flavor, and you find yourself in the midst of a maxi cupcake tasting.  (Tip:  Sip milk in between tastings to clear your palate.)   After trying nearly all of them, the favorites are the creative and pretty pastel colored Pink Lemonade, the rich Peanut Butter Chocolate, and the awesomely flavored Pumpkin Spice with addictive Rum flavored frosting. Damn you Mission Minis.  May God have mercy on your soul.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2010,6/13/2010,1396,522,18,24,24>Now THIS is romance.Chapel setting, rustic decor, Mediterranean tones, sitting side-by-side with your S.O. at a half-moon table for two. The ironic thing is, this was the most romantic dinner of my life and I paid for it ALL. It was absolutely worth the $$$$, though, especially since my date was none other than the gun smokin' hot Dave H. (and it was his birthday).The ridged pasta with foie gras was to die for--I wanted to cry. How can penne taste that phenomenal? Because its scented with black truffles and Marsala. Doh. I have been dreaming about the ravioli with truffle sauce at Trattoria Za-Za in Florence, Italy, for about three years now, but no more--I finally met something better.Almost as tear-inducing were the lobster panzerotti and the Grimaud Farms duck. The menu changes like it does at all innovative restaurants, but I doubt you can go wrong with anything (except the scallop because you only get one!).Who needs to fly to Italy when Italian food like this exists in SF? Ok, I confess, I'm going to Milan for four months this fall. I still want to come back here before then, though--it's THAT amazing.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2009,6/12/2010,344,904,21,17,15>I think it is safe to say that when you reflect back upon the past few years and come to the following conclusions you should reevaluate your drinking habits: -A bar you didn't think you went to often showcases you in their video of their favorite customers and plays it on a loop during business hours. -The last three people you ran into on the bus were bartenders that recognized you before you recognized them. -When your coworkers asked what you did on your day off you bring up things like laundry as so not to have to admit you pretty much spent your day off drinking at a half a dozen random places. -Half of the people in the photo galleries on the websites of more than a few bars around town contain photos of events you somewhat remember being at. The last on the list is a recently discovered photo gallery of an event I helped host at 83 Proof. It was a crowded, hot, sweaty, fancy drink and fine scotch sort of event, at a bar that was able to maintain its classy Fidi ambiance by throwing us degenerates into the mezzanine upstairs (which you can reserve no matter what your drinking habits, and which comes in handy between the hours of 5-8 when this place is so packed you can hardly lift your glass to your mouth). If 83 Proof can handle us then they definitely get a thumbs up from me. Just try to show up a little later to avoid the crowds and the 20 minute wait to order a drink. THAT is what I meant by reevaluating your drinking habits, what did you think I meant??!!
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2010,6/11/2010,304,690,27,26,27>Visit #1: Heart of the City Farmers Market (Civic Center Wednesdays)Say what? No porchetta sandwich?! Got the Roli combo instead.Roli Combo (yelp.com/biz_photos/fK6Z…): $6. 1/4 chicken with rosemary potatoes. A sprinkle of sea salt and a squeeze of fresh lime juice on the chicken. Tasty! But the chicken was so tiny, about the size of one piece of KFC chicken. Not much meat. After finishing both the chicken and potatoes, I was still hungry.Visit #2: Ferry Plaza Farmers Market (Ferry Building Thursdays & Saturdays)The line was long, but once you see the porchetta, you'll know it's worth the wait. (yelp.com/biz_photos/fK6Z…)Porchetta Sandwich (yelp.com/biz_photos/fK6Z…): $8.50. 7x7 #12. Thick crunchy roll layered with porchetta, caramelized onion, arugula and a sprinkle of sea salt. Heaven! The porchetta was so so good. Crackling skin chopped into bite size pieces and juicy moist meat that was so tender. The overall sandwich was just bursting with flavors; herby roasted taste from the meat, slight bitterness from the arugula and saltiness from the salt. Amazing! Because of this sandwich, I did and will overlook the Roli combo disappointment.Was the sandwich worth standing in line for 15 minutes? Yes.Was the sandwich worth $8.50? Hell yes.Will I be coming back more sandwiches? Hell to the Y-E-S!!! =P
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2010,6/10/2010,1315,471,18,23,22>Sunday afternoon. There were about 4 couples ahead of us on the waiting list (sign-up @ the door) which took about 20 minutes to cross off. Not bad. It isn't a spacious place, but seating is comfortable. Lighting is dim, there are benches and tables along the wall, and reggae music is jammin' in the background. Today's customers included father and son, tourists, girlfriends having lunch, couples sharing sushi, and a foodie named Abby (along with fellow Yelper, Gil A.). So here's the thing; I'm knocking off one item at a time from the SF's Top 100 Things to Try Before You Die list, and Katana-Ya's "Chasu Ramen" (also written as Butter Corn Ramen on the menu) just so happens to be #5 on that list. Now, food:Chasu Ramen: Definitely worth the 20 minute wait. I've never had Japanese ramen before and there isn't anything quite like it (no, Top Ramen does not count)! The miso soup base was very flavorful and the ramen noodles itself would have made a great meal a la carte. I especially liked the thin slices of beef that came with this dish. I suggest sharing one ramen bowl and one other dish because the portions are plenty, and this way, you can try at least two different items.Beef Sukiyaki: This bowl of rice, shredded beef, veggies, tofu, and raw egg....was the SH*T! Forgive my choice of words but this Japanese version of Korean's Bi Bim Bop was WAY better than anything I've tried from any Korean restaurant I've visited. Again, huge portion and big on flavor. If it were up to me, I'd replace the Chasu Ramen with the Beef Sukiyaki on that 100 Things to Try list.Service-wise, the waitresses were prompt. Nothing stood out as far as friendliness or what-not, but nothing to complain about neither. They were fairly pleasant and brought the food out pretty quick. Lunch for two came out to about $25.Abby A. left Katana-Ya very happy and satisfied! Oh, don't forget to grab a lollipop from the counter before you leave. I grabbed a few:) Domo arigato gozaimasu!
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2009,6/9/2010,1567,497,99,57,45>My self-esteem took a big hit last week when the cashier at the soup store called me 'Sir.'   Evidently that's what short hair and a fat ass (squeezed into a beige pantsuit) gets you called these days.  I'm used to being addressed as 'B*tch,' but 'Sir' really hurt my ego.  So, now I'm on a mission to become a litte more polished for upcoming summer pool parties.  On the agenda?  Hiking up 48 flights of stairs for lunch, strength training after work... and multiple tanning sessions a week.Because, as Mom has so delicately whispered in my ear since third grade, tan fat looks better than pale fat.  Radical tan offers clean tanning beds, thumbprint recognition registration, friendly service, and a little candy bar waving to you from atop a fluffy white towel.  Sign up for their email list and wait for the special that's right for you.  I got a month of unlimited tanning (~$90) and received a bottle of tanning lotion for free.  They have always able to accommodate me, and are located right off the T & N Muni Lines.6 sessions later, I might be a dude with short hair, but at least I have a killer tan.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2009,6/8/2010,4496,332,15,18,15>After an exhausting 20mi bike ride with our arms, legs, butt and crotch about to fall off and after being pooped on by a bird, my friend, Christine, and I felt we DESERVED sushi. Not just any sushi, but the best of the best sushi. Because of your ratings, Yelpers, we chose Okoze. I don't mind driving around for parking much as long as I don't have to PAY for parking, but parking is very hard to come by around Union. Fortunately, in 10 minutes, we found parking on Lombard, which actually had a few open spots. So try that area, but BEWARE of entering this tourist trap where tourists can't seem to drive up a SF hill to save their lives. You or your car may come out of the tourist trap a little dinged up, but hey, is it worth it to find a parking spot? I would suggest going when there's not a lot of people because you get all the attention. Not only that, we got a Sushi 101 lesson on how to properly eat sushi, which was awesome! We were pretty much in an experimental mood so the chefs, Bryon and Jason, were asking us specific questions to cater to our taste buds and they created several dishes for us. All of them were unique and delicious, but I must say, you'd probably need an acquired taste for some of the sashimi, because it's not a typical, Americanized sushi restaurant. The sashimi was fresh, they were not shady on the amount of tofu in the miso though I wish they were bigger pieces because I love me some tofu, the one roll that we ordered, the tuna roll, was stuffed full with fresh tuna, and the scallop tempura was delicious too! The chefs carried great conversations and cared about us personally and they had some interesting stories themselves. The waitresses were on point, refilling our drinks and taking our dishes away in a timely manner. I would come back and I would recommend this place. Now, you'd think that because I went on and on about this place, that I'd rate it a 5 stars, but here's why I didn't: 1. The parking is a big inconvenience to most people. I say, hey, it's SF, what do you expect? But it's true, sometimes, you just want to go somewhere to eat, not make a day trip out of it. 2. The first 5-10 minutes we were there, we were a bit turned off by one of the other chefs because they asked us if we are really into sushi, we said yes so they asked what kind of sushi and instead of naming some extravagant, exotic fish, Christine said tuna because she really does love tuna. It looked like the chef was smirking at us/rolling his eyes because of her answer, but a person can be well-versed in fish and still love the most ordinary kind of fish. Then again, it could be how he acts, but that may come off another way to customers like how it came off to us. Christine, being the more blunt one, called him out. Luckily, he was a lot more social and pleasant after that though.3. $$$ For the both of us, the bill was $115. They did hook us up with free edamame and something else. Now, out of all my friends, I'm known to throw down money without even batting an eye, but I won't be making this a regular sushi spot because most of the time, I don't need to spend an arm and a leg on exotic sushi. There are plenty of great sushi restaurants around that may not have special fish flown in from a specific place, but they still get the job done for a decent price when it comes to day to day dining. Okoze is great for an occasional splurge. Overall, great business that I hope stays around for a very long time.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2012,4/23/2013,476,561,18,27,23>Nestled in the 'loin, Hai's is a source of nourishment for its denizens and workers. They are a Mom & Pop shop with heart and soul and they specialize in high numbers, including several inspection ratings of 100!Their menu offers Chinese and Thai dishes, Monday thru Friday, 9am to 8pm. To give you an idea, LUNCH includes rice plates sorted into Prawn, Beef, Chicken, Pork, Fish & Squid, Vegetables) numbered 1 to 52; fried rice #53 thru #59; and Chow Mein or Fun #60 to #67.DINNER includes appetizers #1 thru #6; soups #7 thru #16; a la cartes (beef, pork, chicken, seafood, veg) #17 thru #97; pan fried noodles #98 thru #103; and noodle soup #104 thru #109. I'm impressed that they have so many dishes on their menu! I've enjoyed their food - #91 Mixed Veg with Bean Curd and #71 Pan Fried Prawns in Shell with Salt & Hot Pepper. I've also tried their fried rice which was plentiful.Not quite a destination place, but if you find yourself in the neighborhood with an empty stomach, it's a good spot for comfort nourishment that's reasonably priced (dinner items range from $5.25 to 8.75, with most items $7.75 and $8.75. They have a couple of seafood items at $16.75.) Large dining room, nothing fancy. The couple that run it are really kind.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,4/22/2013,444,525,28,35,32>Got Lobster?Craving for some fresh lobster and forgot about the sidewalk stands on Fisherman's Wharf. Remembering as a kid strolling around bringing visitors to the historic landmark. Now that I'm older, I brought my daughter to actually get her palate ready. Walking on somewhat a sidewalk was a cluster of vendors serving similar foods such as Shrimp, Crab, Lobster, Calamari, Squid, Oysters, Scallops etc. you name it. So many options... as one specific location was calling my name. I went up to an older man and asked how much are your lobster rolls? he mentioned $14.50, I said sold!!  Walking further down I see calamari in the display, YUMMMM I asked my daughter do you want that? she says sure, I don't think I'll like the lobster. A couple of minutes later we found a spot to eat, and my daughter mentions mom the lobster is so good. 20mins later, SATISFIED!!
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,4/21/2013,130,111,8,10,9>A staple amongst the Asian culture, milk tea is synonymous with being a dessert beverage in the community, young and old. I grew up in Japan drinking Kirin Milk Tea in cans dispensed from vending machines. Now that I'm in my 30s, I can still appreciate this familiar, sugary beverage from time to time. Who am I kidding? ALL THE TIME.Purple Kow is hidden deep in the Outer Richmond, between the fog and random Viet-Italian (interesting combo) restaurants. Though past reviews have complained of T-pump-like lines, we were lucky enough to get in a short enough line that we were ordering within 10 min of arriving. Perplexed by the menu, it took me a few minutes to decide on whether I wanted grass jelly or QQ noodle. I was unfamiliar with either so I decided to choose their signature and less sweetened milk tea with tapioca and grass jelly. It was my first time slurping on grass jelly, but once I got over the hyper-sweetness of the milk, I enjoyed the gelatinous texture of the jelly and the familiarity of the tapioca.I would say that, if not only for the location, I would be a regular. Trekking past Golden Gate Park for milk tea would be left for "Just finished dinner at Burma Superstar, let's get some boba!"-occassion.Side note: The bathrooms did not have soap. I'm mildly OCD, so I had to capture the special moment on my phone camera to document this fact... because I never want this to happen at this place again. For a food establishment, having no soap worries me. I can now imagine the hundreds of grass jellies and QQ noddles being handled by dirty fingernails........... Maybe that's why they have a giant sign near the cash register forbidding picture-taking and the suspicious frosted glass that divides the kitchen and the dining area. Wait til the SF Health Dept finds out....
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/5/2013,4/20/2013,827,179,10,14,13>What there's a new tea house within acceptable driving distance?! Lets go!!Stopped by Honey B last night to sample their drinks. From reading the reviews I was dreading a long wait, but it only turned out to be a 10min wait. The selection of drinks is similar to Purple Kow, and I ended up ordering a honey milk tea with boba, and a ice milk drink with pudding and boba. Drinks were around $4 each. When it comes to my boba drinks, I actually don't mind it being on the sweeter side. I know that people sometimes complain about the lack of tea taste, but if I wanted that I'd honestly rather make myself a pot of tea at home. So that said, I found the drinks at Honey B to be decent, wasn't watered down or too powdery at all. The ice milk drink reminded me of half and half in LA. I would say that the only disappointment was the tapioca. They were too soft and had no texture. For any tea house, getting the tapioca right is a must. Overall, I do think that there will be improvement over time, since Honey B is newly open. As I've pretty much boycotted Quickly, and the ridiculously long lines at Purple Kow have prevented me from returning ever since my first few visits, I would say that Honey B Tea House is a welcomed addition.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,4/19/2013,350,253,18,13,14>In my early 20s, I was always that lazy friend.  Running late for the series finale of my favorite TV show was the "only time" my friend had ever seen me run.  I tried a spin class my friend was teaching and literally fell off the bike.  I would huff and puff walking the hill up to my apartment.  In fact, I had gained about 20lbs since college.I had to do something.  Something that wasn't scary, something that I could commit to.  I checked out pilates studios in the area and decided on a weekly mat class with Lisa at Informed Body.  The mat classes are challenging, but Lisa keeps them very upbeat (and fun, I daresay...) and makes sure you're not pushing your body too far. The group classes are very small (usually 3-4 people), and only $20 if you buy a package of ten or more.  It's a great value - with only a couple other people in the class you get a lot of personalized attention, at a small fraction of the cost of individual classes.A year later, I can reach down and touch my toes, I don't get winded walking home, and I can do pushups.  (Those may not sound like big deals to you but they are a Big Deal to me!)  More importantly, I've learned that I can take small steps towards fitness and stick to my goals.  If you had told 2010 Cathy she would be going to Pilates every week and go running on the weekends, she would laugh at you and eat some more french fries!
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,4/18/2013,363,329,24,27,27>According the menu, Pee-yah-lay -- means wine glass in Farsi.This is a great spot on Fillmore. I don't frequent this neighborhood much, but I may now with this cool, chic, low-key Marina wine bar.Met a friend there for a catch up on life and Italian travels for a weekday Happy Hour (from 5-7pm). Truthfully, I only had a few glasses of Prosecco, which was dry with a hint of fruit, and just the way I like it.  Pe Yale has a vast selection of local California, Italian, French, and even Central and South American wines. Even at non-Happy hour, the prices for the wines are quite reasonable. As for food, menu includes a cheese plate, charcuterie, and bruschetta, and even chicken and beef skewers. Thanks to J for remembering the cheese plate that consists of Idiazabal and Manchego quesos. Cheese it up, please!! It was $21 for the cheese plate, but also includes a generous serving of sliced baguette, nuts and olives. For a cool chill vibing Happy Hour, Pe Yale should be your go-to spot. So go and Pee-yah-lay now! See you there! Salud!!
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,4/17/2013,439,177,20,19,22>Yeah Fisherman's Wharf is for tourists. I don't go there unless I really really have to. In this case, I had to make an exception.Pass the overpriced raggy clothing and souvenirs.Pass the ridiculously long line to ride the $6 cable car.Pass the crowd of people surrounding street performers like they've never heard live music before.Pass the cameras and shorts and Hawaiian shirts, and fanny packs and excessive amounts of sourdough bread and Ghirardelli squares.Once you get through that, you''ll be rewarded with a sandwich that will rock your world. It's amazing how simple it is: just fish, coleslaw and buttermilk bread. But each ingredient is perfected here: the fish is so buttery and flaky I had to slap myself. The coleslaw has onions and pepperoncinis to add a zing to your sandwich. And the bread is as soft as a baby's cheek. A delicious combination. $8 for a huge dose of that.----- Distinguishing factor: A simple fish sandwich that may just make your day. Or life.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/13/2013,4/16/2013,354,419,8,14,10>I came here because my friend told me they served iced milk. Being that I'm pregnant and all, I've been trying to avoid milk tea, but I cave into my craving every once in a while. Still I feel guilty. So when I heard this place had just ice milk, I was dead set in trying it. It was also near my SF house so it was convenient.The condiments or extra things you put in your drinks (boba, pudding, lychee, etc) are all self serve. Thought that was kinda weird, but ok. I'm not sure how fresh their ingredients are because my drinks had hard chunks of jelly in it. Their drinks are huge, like the ones they serve at PurpleKow and each drink is between $3-$4. My iced milk drink with pudding and grass jelly was $3.99. It tasted OK. It wasn't too sweet but it lacked something, maybe it's the tea haha. I'd still come back if I was around the area, but I think I'm ready to find other places that serve iced milk.I also got the eggettes. I thought their eggettes were better than other places, like Eggettes. I think they add extra flavoring to it. It did become soggy within a few minutes which was a bummer. Boo!I didn't have to wait in line which was cool. The drinks and eggettes were ready in about 4 minutes or so.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,4/15/2013,181,226,11,15,14>Spontaneously came here for dinner on a Saturday night.  The place is very romantic and most of the staff seemed to have French accents, which I really enjoyed.  The French can make anything sound good with that accent.  Just the way they say "sauvignon blanc" and "filet mignon".....Anyways, our waiter was very nice, attentive, and helpful.  We started out with the brussel sprout salad, which tasted great with the goat cheese - a solid 4 stars. For my main course, I ordered the special of the night which was sea bass with quinoa and greens.  Sounds simple...but let me just tell you...it was to DIE for.   They gave a pretty generous portion of sea bass, which was so flavorful and tender.  Whatever sauce/spices they put on the greens and quinoa did wonders.  For dessert, we ordered the apricot tart (or whatever the French name for it was), which was amazing.Overall, it was a great dining experience and I'm definitely going back soon!Très bien L'ardoise, très bien.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,4/14/2013,669,1022,5,11,9>I've been here 3 times in the past 2 weeks ha!Malbec braised lengua is pretty awesome. The flank steak has been the best of the bunch in the grilled section. NY steak was underseasoned a couple times. The mixed grill plate is a good way to get a bit of variety.  Blood sausage is a bit soft in texture for me. Still need to try that ribeye. Pork belly is a pretty good dish too.Oaxacan Cross is my favorite cocktail here.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2009,2/11/2010,658,593,24,31,31>Decided to come here for Happy Hour with Vincent K. last Thursday since he had a $25 restaurant.com certificate. Parking wasn't hard to find but then again, I wasn't the one driving!  Walked in and the upstairs wasn't open so we just grabbed a seat downstairs.They were offering the regular menu and the happy hour menu which was good cuz sometimes, happy hour items just never seem to make me full, or maybe it's because I'm fat.. We started off with drinks. I ordered the Happy Hour cocktail. The Buckaroo? It's almost like a Mojito but used basil? That was OK. Nothing special and not enough alcohol for me... We chose to order the:Fried Calamari ($9 - $2 during happy hour = $7!)Jalapeno poppers ($8 - $2 = $6!)Baked Rigatoni and Cheese on reg menu ($8)They were all pretty damn good! My fav? Calamari and rigatoni and cheese. I love it when places make mac and cheese using penne or rigatoni.. The cheesey gooey goodness inside those tubes just makes the best of the dish! Calamari, piping hot, crispy, oily served with chipotle aioli. YUM! So good! The jalapeno poppers were good. REALLY hot. Vincent, I know you were trying to man up and NOT spit out that piping out jalapeno popper with SUPER HOT cream cheese filling, but it was funny seeing how it's steaming in your mouth but you still didn't spit it out. haha The popper was good, but I think it was purchased then fried.. BUT still good.The restaurant.com certificate was good if you order $45 worth but we weren't there yet! So Vincent orders a pasta dish for his lunch tomorrow.. It was the special for the night. Some kinda pasta with shrimp in a cream sauce. SMELLED SO GOOD. Vincent really wanted to just get a bite of it once it came but we were going to Humphry so he resist... until he went home atleast... Oh and thanks for saving me a bite! NOT!!Definitely would come back again and get dinner or something cuz their pasta dishes were looking really delish!THANKS VINCENT FOR HAPPY HOUR!
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2009,2/10/2010,1284,595,26,26,25>I'm pretty sure I haven't seen a man with a body better than mine until last night at Asia SF. These drag queens are out of this world! Seriously, I felt inadequate next to their long and toned legs; their thick and silky hair and killer outfits. My God are they fun to watch. These "girls" have it going on.I would imagine that people don't come here for the food but I have to say that it was actually a very good menu. I was more impressed with the first courses: the duck quesadilla, shrimp salad and chicken skewers were all top notch. The main meal wasn't as great. The lamb was too spicy for my liking and the pasta had too much garlic. The ribs were great, though.Asia SF is a great place for special event (e.g. bachelorette party, birthday celebration, etc) and it's not for the faint of heart. Not open minded? I would skip if that's the case.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2009,2/9/2010,1088,215,20,24,24>Ah oui... L'amore. And what says love more than creamy, savory or sweet soufflés? I imagine cupid would compare love to soufflés in that a soufflé does not wait for you, but you wait for the soufflé.And such is the case at the charming and oh-so-romantic Café Jacqueline. Each course takes an hour or so to be cracked, whisked, risen and served. All the better to languidly stare across tables into candlelit eyes and wine dappled lips.The charm extends beyond the rosy dining area into a kitchen swimming in eggs. Here Jacqueline herself smiles and wishes you a fair "Bonsoir."Our salad was delicate with a savory vinaigrette. The crab soufflé was a tad overdone, but utterly buttery with chunks of juicy, decadent crab.For dessert the classic chocolate soufflé offered endless delight.Unfortunately service stole Café Jacqueline's last star. We were greeted with a trite "Pick a seat, here here or here" before the waiter disappeared. And the rest of the evening service remained sporadic and disoriented - the worst being when the waiter freaked out when he thought he'd given us a lobster rather than crab soufflé.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2009,2/8/2010,591,426,42,42,43>After close to a decade of planning my birthday parties at various SF establishments, I have come up with a list of things I like and things I dislike at the venues I choose.Like:When members of Aerosmith happen to be partying there and tell you that they like your headband (this rarely happens).Dislike:Wall to wall bachelorette parties squealing and penis decorating all in your space.Like:Bartenders and Waitresses that acknowledge your birthday and treat you like you're special.  Even if it is just for the few hours you're there.Dislike:Having to collect money from 20 people to cover the bill because they won't split the check.Like:No minimums.Dislike:A $500 minimum for bottle service.Like:Sexy people.Dislike:D-Bags, A-Holes, Jerkstores and the like making unsolicited advances on my super hot and amazing friends.Like:Pisco Latin Lounge.PLL was really the perfect venue for a low-key, fun, and sexy birthday party.  I was able to reserve their pagoda that accommodates 20 people (tightly) for 2 hours with the promise of no minimums or surcharges.  In San Francisco, that in itself is a reason to go there.  When I called and asked about this they said, "As long as your party is drinking and having a good time, we're happy".  How awesome is that?The place is really lovely.  Small and intimate, yet feels big enough for a party.  Low lighting, hot Latin beats and delicious small bites make for an excellent venue.Beyond that, the service was amazing.  Our waitress let us have 15 different tabs so that there was no messy bill splitting at the end.  She was a sweetheart doll face and always made sure I had a drink and that everyone was having a blast.  And then she brought me a candle lit dessert, which I don't remember much of, but am told it was delicious.I'm damn near thirty and I don't have time for the bullshit served up on Saturday nights in San Francisco.Pisco Latin Lounge throws one hell of no strings attached party that had me feeling like it was my 21st.The next morning.In my bathroom.Which totally rocked.ugh.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2009,2/6/2010,2510,1034,21,32,32>Dailey Method Do's & Don't's:Do: Go with friends; it's fun to do crazy moves together and talk about the burn the next dayDon't: Forget socks; you are required to wear them and they are $10 to buy here!Do: Expect to be sore... in a good way!Don't: Expect this work-out to be easy; it's tough but satisfying!Do: Enjoy the super nice locker room.Don't: Wear uncomfortable clothing; you want to be comfy in spandex!Do: Take a class with Kristen; she's great!And finally, DO rush to the Dailey Method as soon as possible as it's a fun, great, full-body toning work-out! :)
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2009,2/5/2010,364,268,21,28,24>Holy Moly Guacamole and CURRY! An Irish pub with over 200 selections of beers AND an Indian restaurant??? After a long night spent at Alcatraz and being turned down by Fog City Diner because they could not accommodate a group of 20, we walked all the way from the Pier to Kennedy's for a late night dinner. May I suggest, if you ever decide go to Kennedy's, make sure you take Guri and Theron with you. Why? Guri knows his Indian food and will order the best dishes spiced to the perfect heat for the entire group. And Theron, well, he's tried over 100 beers and counting so he belongs to their elite club and gets 15% discounted automatically. For $12 each, we all went home with bellies full of curry.  I was so stuffed, I wanted someone had to roll me into the cab. My 2 favorite dishes were the Curry French Fries and Cable Car Delight. The french fries were perfectly crispy and stayed that way throughout the entire dinner--a good measure of french fry perfection. The Cable Car Delight, which is basically tandoori chicken in a creamier curry sauce was absolutely delectable... All in all...a perfect meal after an escape from Alcatraz...
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2010,2/4/2010,1289,809,27,30,29>I have this friend (you may remember him as "Norman" from the Bamboo restaurant review) who doesn't like chocolate.  I've always said that I can never date anyone who dislikes chocolate, so we're just friends.  For Christmas, I got him a few random gifts, and he said that he had a gift for me too.  Sweet.  We planned on doing the gift exchange after Christmas, when both of us were done with our holiday travels.A few days after the holidays, I got a text from Norman.  He'd eaten my present.At first, I was totally cool about it, because I figured it was probably just some baked goods (I usually bake him banana nut bread from scratch).  Then he told me that he'd gotten me the holiday pack of Ferrero Rochers (my FAVORITE chocolates EVAR), and that it was the 16- or 18-pack, in the shape of a Christmas tree.  It was just sitting there, waiting to be given to me, and he was just too tempted to eat it, so he did."I thought you didn't even like chocolate!""I don't.  But these were just sitting there.  And they were REALLY GOOD."So, I happened to be in the Inner Richmond one morning and after getting some dim sum, I decided that there was no way I could leave Clement St. without stopping by Schubert's.  I dropped in and picked out the Swedish Princess cake, butter cookies, Tiramisu and a chocolate hazelnut mousse cake (the latter are made into individual cakes rather than slices, like the SP).Oh my good glory, the chocolate hazelnut mousse cake tasted EXACTLY like a scrumptious cake-version of a Ferrero Rocher chocolate!  It was a fluffy chocolate mousse inside, with a rich chocolate ganache on the outside, and it was coated with chopped hazelnuts.  Party in my mouth.So, TAKE THAT, Norman!  I don't need your holiday gift pack of Ferrero Rochers!  I've got Schubert's now, and ohhhh it is wonderful!
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2009,2/3/2010,704,219,27,24,28>Oh man. I've been avoiding this bar for quite some time because I knew if I I ever stepped foot inside, I'd be hooked and never go to another bar in the mission. I walk by this place daily, and for months now the purple lights, the non-hipster crowd, and the hip-hop beats that bring me back to my youth (well, high school dances at least) have screamed out "KELSEY! Come inside. You'll love it here." Just like Hansel and Grettle, except inside the witch doesn't want to eat me, she wants to give me giant, strong drinks and get me wasted.Everything I thought about this place is true: it's so awesome that I'm probably not going anywhere else. Blondies is the only place I've seen that makes most (if not all) cocktails in a pint glass and, after they've poured it into a cocktail glass, give you the extra with a strainer. It's like 2 drinks in 1! I don't have to order long islands here because they do the economizing for me! Let me give you a Kelsequation to illustrate:Kelsey + 2 cosmos for the price of 1 = Drunk and happyNot only were drinks delicious, but they have a stage to dance on! And, we all know that if there is a stage in my vicinity, I have no choice but to get up there and work it. Oh yeah my friend, I've been known to bust out a mean robot on occasion, and last Friday night was no exception! Luckily the place didn't get too crowded so I had room to really get down.Blondies: my new go-to bar in the Mission.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/22/2009,2/2/2010,1382,542,60,62,53>I don't play the lady drink game. There are bars where the bartenders, generally young attractive Asian women, will sit and flirt with you for ten minutes if you buy them a drink. It's usually Patrone Tequila or Crown Royal Whiskey and sometimes from a special bottle that the customers don't get served from. They pour it into a special thick glass; if you look carefully you can see that the volume it can accommodate is a little smaller than half of a standard shot. The price for a lady drink in San Francisco in most of these bars is $10, I imagine the bartender gets a commission for every one they sell.I sit at these bars from time to time; not only are they great for general people watching but I like to see how people react when I bring them for the first time. Also I find the bartenders more friendly than average, I tip well and that may have something to do with it. I have noticed though that once you buy one of these women a lady drink you go from being a customer to a potential mark in their mind. The radar switches on and they realize you are an easy touch. Not only will they start scheming to get you to buy more lady drinks but they are likely to pull anything they think they can get away with to extract more money out of you. I've seen it happen over and overThis place is crazy, loud, and generally raucous but it's not really a dive bar.  Out of an inability to really classify this type of bar I usually call them "hostess bars" but since Club Kristi doesn't have karaoke rooms or karaoke hostesses calling it that isn't entirely accurate. It has a lot of characteristics of the bar part of a hostess bar.I'll probably be back.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2009,2/1/2010,307,514,28,33,34>Smuggle me back into Smuggler's Cove!(And believe you me, such an action may be needed to score entrance to the coveted Cove, as they are plenty, and deservedly, busy during their debut month.)No covert action was necessary on a recent Monday evening however, as we walked right in and were handed a menu by a friendly patron.  After being fairly distracted by the authentic and detailed atmosphere (anyone up for a drunken round of "I Spy Pirate Paraphernalia?"), we bellied up and fully engaged in the marvelously unique experience that is Smuggler's Cove.Folks, this is not your average Vodka-soda bar.  In fact, you may need to change your definition of "bar" after visiting the Cove.  This is an adventure in perfectly blended libations, each pains-takingly prepared with insane attention to detail, from the use of the proper glass to adding the perfect, complementary garnish.  Think of the cocktail list as more of a Chef's tasting menu of exquisite drinks, the likes of which, you've never had before, showcasing brilliant blends of juices, spices, and of course, alcohol.  However, all you veteran tiki-bar goers out there need not worry that Martin has strayed too far off the tiki trail: In addition to the stunning unique creations, you'll still find familiar favorites like the Mai Tai and the Zombie.  But you'll find these renditions made with absolutely top ingredients, so the taste is again unique, and with the added bonus that you don't wake up in a nasty fix the next morning.  My current favorites are the Pupule and the Puka Punch.On a subsequent Wednesday, there was a short line outside to get in, and I hear it's still rather crowded on the weekend nights.  So plan wisely, and if you are there on a busy night, sit back, enjoy the atmosphere and savor your cocktail for the lingual orgasm that it truly is.  (And anyway, the drinks are so strong, it's not like you need to order very many on a given night!) Of course you can still order your Vodka-soda, if you are so inclined.  But to do so is, in my opinion to miss the point of what this bar is all about; akin to ordering a side salad and a glass of water at a 4-star restaurant.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,3/2/2013,934,838,17,24,20>Ugh.  I didn't like myself for taking so long to finally try Cheeseboard in Berkeley, but I dislike myself even more for letting so much time pass between my last couple of visits to Arizmendi.  Cheeseboard was (somewhat) forgivable since it's out in the East Bay, but Arizmendi?  Inexcusable!  Same owners, same great pizza...and just a short drive away with no toll??  Man, you'd think I'd be here all the time!Although the veggie-hating child inside me still has trouble believing it, the pizzas here are awesome!  Like Cheeseboard, Arizmendi only makes one type of pizza each day (vegetarian), but they have several varieties that they rotate through.  The most recent one I tried was topped with Spinach, Red Onions, Feta Cheese, and a Balsamic Vinaigrette...YUM.  With a crispy crust, plenty of tasty vegetables, and oodles of cheese, it was so good!  I'm not sure I could go longer than a week or two on a vegetarian diet, but it helps to know I can just pig out on these babies the whole time.The pizza schedule is posted online in case you want to sneak a peek before stopping in, but there's really no need to worry - each one I've tried has been great.  Besides, what's the worst case scenario?  If you walk in and don't like the day's offering, just pick up some of their awesome pastries and baked goods instead (love their coffee cakes!).  And if your inner-carnivore starts to make some noise, shut it up with another bite of delicious pizza and tell it "you're welcome!".  That's what I do.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2012,3/1/2013,617,1242,9,12,11>At one point, with a thick-socked heel in the palm of my hand, I wonder, "What the hell did I get myself into this time?"But it feels so good.At one point, there's a foot locked under my ankle, palms pushing my shoulder in the opposite direction. At another, I have two feet firmly planted on my tailbone, taking slow, measured steps up my back like a cat delicately stepping across a backyard fence. Every minute, my body stretching like salt-water taffy, my joints crackling like a rucksack full of bolts dropping to the floor, literally from the hands on my face to the pressure on my feet, a force of nature, a pummeling of flesh, throughly raked across my body. Now that's a real massage.Coming in off the street into La Nee is like stepping into another world. It's quiet. Oil-scented. Voices whisper in hushed tones like a cathedral. Completely professional staff. I'm usually not into the whole mind-body-aroma BS (I find a lot of spas to be a little pretentious/uncomfortable at first). But over here, I actually thought it worked.There was an awkward moment when I was given my scrub pants to wear, I swear, they looked like elephant pants. I'm not a small guy, but I could have easily put both legs into one pant leg and walked around like a geisha. I let my masseuse know, and she came back with a smaller pair with an elastic waistband. That made a lot more sense.La Nee Thai is a little more expensive than the local competition. But as an experience overall, I think it's worth every penny. I'm definitely coming back.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,2/28/2013,210,136,12,17,18>With so many Chinese bakeries splashed all throughout the city like a rainy SF day... One would wonder... COULD there really be a bakery that sells "WORLD'S BEST" egg tart?  Well, like Elf the movie... [Lily walks into Golden Gate Bakery and shouts]  "YOU DID IT!!!  ...Congratulations!  ...World's BEST Egg Tart!  Great job!"  The only difference?  ...these really are World's Best Egg Tart!!!  Here's why...FOOD & TASTE:"Dan Tat" ...aka Egg Tarts ...aka The  B E S T  Egg Tarts in the city!  ...so WHY are they so delicious?  First, they are pipping hot!!!  Warning... wait a minute or two to allow cooling... I once scalded my tongue.  Second, they are fluffy!!!  Like a heaven of egg pillows... intact jiggly outside, silky soft inside.  :-9  Lastly, the crust is flaky!!!  ...crispy, buttery, gets all over the place.  Yes... egg tart get in my face!  :-9CONVENIENCE: * [Yup... that's right, just 1-star... cuz being located in CT, where it's really out of the way, where I have to deal with driving through massive amounts of people... and where I have to PAY for parking in a lot... and then, suddenly disappointed cuz I find a "CLOSED on vacation" sign taped on the door... AGAIN!AMBIANCE: *** [Crowded little hole in the wall... Take out only... No seating available.]SERVICE: **** [Fast service... but be prepared to wait 15-20 minutes in a line that wraps around the block... j/k, I mean store.]PRICE:  $  [$1.35 for a SUPER HOT egg tart.]OVERALL: **** [4-stars... cuz my chances are 3/5 on scoring an egg tart whenever I visit this tiny shop.  Please stop randomly closing... Chinatown parking really sucks.]Gung Hay Fat Choy!  ...and they're most certainly CLOSED on CNY.Nuff said.[#16 of 100 YELP CHALLENGE 2013]
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,2/27/2013,752,1357,19,23,24>(See pics) Review #1300. The #1300 review is to celebrate the 3-month milestone of Tout Sweet Patisserie.Yigit has a great last name, Pura. Pura Vida, in Costa Rica, means full of life. And it perfectly showcases his pastries, cookies and cakes. And he even makes one cake called Petit La Pura Vida that's made with coconut dacquoise, passion fruit-vanilla Bavarian, candied pineapple and coconut. It's a dream taste just like CR.Two years ago I met Yigit, one of the upcoming shining stars making all the floral pretty desserts, at a James Beard Foundation event along with other great chefs such as Gary Danko. At that time, I looked at the dessert and was thinking, "he should be having his shop and this is just too pretty to eat!" He was energetic and filled with talent.A few months later, he won the Top Chef: Just Desserts.Finally, 3 months ago, he opened up his shop. Every piece of pastry is detailed on the presentation and is satisfying your sweet palate . In addition to the playfulness, Yigit has also added a mature and articulating serious sense, an even stronger wow factor of prettiness and layers of complexity.The very pretty tube filled with all flavors of macarons is beautiful and is also quite delicious (saw them sold out 1 tray and replacing with another.) The Noel 2.0 was very rich and the full cake was like a cartoon even with the little edible pinkish white mushroom!Gougere cheese puff, financier, 3" cutie pie (Valrhona chocolate ganache with salty caramel), mudslide and Russian Tea cookies were all very tasty and adorably looking.Even the packaging is extravagant looking with purple and red theme and a red silhouette rose. This can easily be a place to get gifts too.Must try Tesla next time as this is Yigit's favorite and it's inspired by electricity.This patisserie also has a full espresso bar so you can enjoy a real cup of coffee in between shopping breaks! On top of all that, he creates wedding and other celebrating cakes, caters and delivers for special events.During this visit Yigit was at the shop sitting at the corner working on some business paperwork. People who had not met him actually thought he's a patron. Then he started getting into the kitchen as well as chatting with all the customers. Had a chance chatting and suggesting there needed to be more seats or space for people to enjoy their desserts, the most humble (and hot and spicy) Yigit said he's working with Macy's to utilize the space outside the shop and I asked whether he would get it. He replied that his father once told him, "you never get anything unless you ask for it!"Congrats on the new patisserie and hope more sweet memories to come!
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,2/26/2013,678,318,38,45,42>Date & Time:  Saturday January 12, 2013 @ 6pm for My Birthday Dining Companions:  Jeff, Dolores & HusbandScene:  Groups of Noe Valley 20-40 Somethings in Niner Jersey's Gather to Watch The Game +1 GreenBay Packer's Fan @ The BarDecor:  Cool Little Neighborhood Gastropub w/ Lively Bar, Communal Table, Recycled Wood Tables for Groups.  Paintings by Local Artists.Service:  Nice GuysImbibe:  BeerDevour:  House-Made Chips & Short-Rib SlidersTotal:  $83.38
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2012,2/25/2013,531,91,50,67,50>This is how I feel my face aged . . . Age 25: "I partied all night, I am climbing into bed wearing the same clothes I wore last night without washing my face. Just too tired." Age 30: " Why is my face so puffy? What is with this line under my eye and why are the shadows between my nose and mouth getting deeper when I smile? I have to do something about this." Age 35: "My skin looks so ...flat. There is no shine. No Glow. What's with these brown dots. Those aren't freckles! I need to go see someone about this. I don't like what my face is doing. It seems like it changes every month. I want to freeze my face at this age for as long as I can." **this was when I started going to Serenity** Age 40: "Whoa! That lady is 40. I am 40. Does my neck sag like that? What's with these "11's" in between my eyes. Look at those frown lines. I look exhausted. I better keep up with my Botox and Collagen because I am not going to get a facelift. I refuse to age without grace." I started going to Serenity Med Spa regularly when I was 35. I wasn't playing around because I notice how some people age better than others. The reality is, you cannot dictate how you age. There are so many other factors. Well, that and using sunscreen every single day. . . or not, but I digress. I decided to take matters into my own hands and use modern medicine and technology to help me fight aging. Serenity Med Spa appointments make me feel so good I sing to myself as I walk from the Union Square Garage, down Maiden Lane, to the elevator, and into the office. I sing this song skipping to the office and strutting back to my car. Sing it with me: "I feel pretty. Oh so pretty. I feel pretty and witty and bright!" Dr David and Dr Lisa have done various procedures on me. I really like them both as they are professional, skilled, and personable. The ladies who run the back are always a treat! They are thoughtful and attentive. They are like the friends you call when you want to have a fun lunch! The front desk is Grand Central Station. Sara has been in charge of the front for so long, she is amazing!  Sara is very good at getting me in for appointments  because my schedule is crazy. She also gives me the heads up on product specials, the latest and greatest procedures they offer or will be offering so I can get it scheduled and started before even my friends get it! When Sara isn't available, Kim takes great care to make sure I get an appointment that works with my schedule. She's great that way! Loves that! Over the years I've had:  - Botox - Collagen - Silk Peel - Medical Facials- Dark Spot removal (Co2 Laser) - Laser Hair Removal - Smart Lipo- Physician Supervised HCG- Thermage- Clear + Brilliant Laser - Latisse When I pop in for maintenance Botox and Collagen visits everyone here is like family. While they are professional - I always feel that warm welcome because they are also friendly and genuinely interested in how I am doing and how my girls are. This is like my second home! As my dear friend Kim D said to me one time "Skin is such a Judas."  She's absolutely right. That is why Serenity Med Spa is in my arsenal of beauty routine. I won't go down without a fight because you know what they say about the Mother of the Bride. . . I won't disappoint my girls. Dr Lisa always reassures me I look good when I see her. I am often convinced my face has collapsed, or there is a gazillion more age spots and they are super dark, or my neck looks like a turkey waddle. She is really good about reminding me that I am ahead of the curve for my age while making sure to give me what I seek ...without letting me go overboard and look overdone. Trust me, I have asked for some pretty insane amounts of things and she gently explains why what I want isn't in my best interest. It is important to me that a Dr do my injections. Dr Lisa is a board certified surgeon. so she is the one I trust and have trusted for years. I will save that overdone look for my 70's when I fight aging hardcore with a facelift ...or two. For six years I have been winning the fight against the visible undesired signs of aging with Serenity Med Spa. I trust The Dr's and the staff at Serenity Med Spa to help me keep putting my best face forward.I love Serenity Med Spa, Dr Lisa and Dr David and the great ladies who keep the treatment area on schedule. This is my beauty sanctuary. I really love it here! Sing with me to close this great review: "I feel stunning and entrancing. Feel like running and dancing for joy!"
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,2/24/2013,285,169,12,11,12>I checked out Serrano's during my lunch break from my Saturday letterpress printing class at CCSF. My classmate recommended it for their pizza by the slice option. You get your own slice, made to order. You will not find dizzy pizzas spinning around waiting for someone to stop by. You pick your toppings or go for one of the specials and they get just enough dough for one slice (big a$$ slice) and put it in the oven. Have you ever felt this special? Before you get too excited, I must tell you that this is not a fast food place. You will need to be patient because your big little custom slice is going to take a while to bake. Be ready to wait at least 15 minutes for the pizza to be ready and then maybe 5 for it to cool down enough to stuff your face with it. It is worth the wait though. Seriously. Did you hear about the hipster that burned his tongue because he ate his pizza before it was cool? You've been warned.Serrano's also bakes entire pies and you can call ahead and pick it up or get it delivered if you're in their area.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2012,2/23/2013,433,446,9,8,11>There is a lot to reflect on in life these days, and yesterday was a strange day with much reflection.  It was a major milestone birthday and we attended a funeral of a friend a colleague who passed way too young.  So after an appointment on Hayes street in the late afternoon I passed by Two Sisters.  It looked like the ideal place to relax and contemplate life for a bit.  And being a gentleman who likes to read and also enjoys an occasional adult beverage, it seemed like a good place for me.The setting is casual, slightly dark, somewhat occupied but not too crowded, and has a nice selection of music playing in the background. I seated myself at a table towards the back, across from the small bar.  The crowd was friendly, ranging from late 20's to late 40's and consisted of several couples and a group of three women at the table by the front window.  The décor is well done and there are plenty of books to pick from if you want to relax and read for a bit.Service was friendly and prompt.  I ordered their signature Two Sisters - a twist on the classic Manhattan - and the snack special - spicy kale crustini with goat cheese.  Both were tasty - though the drink was a tad bit sweeter than I prefer.As I sat there thinking of the recent life events the crowd slowly changed.  First, two women came in at the same time, but not together - they each sat at their own table along the wall.  Then as the couple started leaving, one by one, additional women came in.  Each of the earlier women had another woman join them at each of their tables, another two women came in and sat at the bar, and one more pair of friends met up and sat at yet another table.  During all this, on of the women at the front table left, leaving two.So as I sat there finishing the last bite of spicy kale and enjoying the last sip of my Two Sisters, I realized that all the other patrons were pairs of women.  So here I sat at Two Sisters, drinking a Two Sisters, surrounded by 5 pairs of two women/sisters.Just one more thing to reflect on.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,2/22/2013,2510,1034,9,15,10>In my book, the Wreck Room is a 4 on a not-crazy-busy night but just a 3 on its super busy nights. Unfortunately it seems somewhat hard to predict which Friday's and Saturday's will be okay versus crazy packed. Here's out it breaks down: + pop-a-shot, pool table, and shuffle board+ some yummy cocktails for reasonable prices such as a great $7 Moscow Mule+ several beers on tap+ not cash only- on the super busy nights, it can take 20+ minutes to get a drink and the bar turns into a mob+ there is a random side section where you can have a party and bring in outside food - think: pizza- the bar doesn't feel super clean especially on those busy busy nightsWhen this bar first opened, it was so raved about (especially because of all the games such as pop-a-shot) that I expected even more but, overall, it's a pretty good bar!
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,2/21/2013,1289,809,15,17,20>Why Gib is one of my favorite people in the world:1) He works hair magic - seriously.  When someone butchered my Asian-style reverse mohawk (yes, we make it seem cute), Gib fixed it up and gave me GLAM highlights and a pink wash.  If I wore more eyeliner, I could've easily been Avril Lavigne's doppleganger.2) His new digs, the Penthouse (literally - breathtaking views of the city and Union Square) are FAB.3) He has great taste.  I can tell him to do whatever he wants with my hair, and I know it'll look AMAZING.And this is why I love being a girl.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2010,5/14/2010,2747,1075,33,37,39>"Wouldn't it be nice if we came here every week?" -- My Lady Well, yes. Yes, it would. After watching the crowd vying for entry to this new French restaurant, we discovered the secret to walking straight in and straight to our table: go for the "brunch" on Sunday afternoon. Yes, they are open 9am to 3pm on Sundays, and at 2pm it was easy to enjoy the first-class service. First-class food, too. It appears that the owner has brought over all of his experienced and well-tuned staff, and the kitchen is in perfect condition. Not bad, for a brand-new setup, but then it was made to order for the master chef himself. We opened with 2 flutes of champagne to celebrate, and then moved to a plate of mussels, pommes frites, and a croque monsieur. Dessert was a creme brulee, and somewhere in there was a kir royale. All of this for $62.42 + tip. The french fries were perfect, and the mussels so delicious My Lady was dipping the fries in the broth. My croque monsieur had the most delightful crispy cheese edges, and sumptuous thinly-sliced ham on the inside. We had a great time in our window-side table in the bright sunshine (yes, sunshine!). Of course, some complimentary wines helped. The owner was pleased to see us, and made sure we were happy with everything. So did the rest of the staff. Further expressions of appreciation from My Lady this afternoon included "Let's learn French," and "Let's move to France." Ah, but you see, France has moved to our neighborhood already! I am eagerly looking forward to my upgrade in living standard, because what My Lady wants, My Lady gets.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2010,5/13/2010,2145,704,26,34,33>Tried the $6.75 "Pepper Steak with Bell Peppers" (yelp.com/biz_photos/IQN7…), which was filled with meats...they weren't kidding when they said "1/2 pound of meat in every roll" as this thing was huge! The meat was well-cooked without being dry, and there was no oily smell. The peppers were kind of spicy but won't hurt you. Add in an order of $2.50 onion rings (yelp.com/biz_photos/IQN7…) and a $1.50 soda at the fountain (yelp.com/biz_photos/IQN7…) to get a total of $11.67 IIRC.You can get your sandwich with or without onions, and can substitute chicken instead. This was my first time there and the experience was not bad at all...must return to try other versions of their cheesesteaks. On Thursdays, their special is $10 for a combo meal.The place has been opened for only four months so it's still clean -  the inside is brightly lit. Located in the middle of a block along a busy section of Geneva Ave (near Mission St), so it's not easy to spot (yelp.com/biz_photos/IQN7…). Heck, I noticed this place only recently, and I passed by it weekly! Parking can be tough (for meters, a quarter gets you 8 minutes) and the meter maids are always about.Milestone: the 2500th "Useful" vote's review...
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2010,5/12/2010,944,543,21,22,18>The Senorita Bread is legit. Be careful not to eat too much of if because it's buttery, sweet, succulent, rich, fatty and delicious. Damn, you can gain like 10 lbs. just eating a few of these. But there's the conundrum, you just can't eat a few....unless you have the willpower to deny yourself the pleasure it has to offer. By the way, this place is located inside Ling Nam, right next door to Toppings. Several months ago, we were in Toppings and had no idea that Starbread Bakery was located inside Ling Nam. I used the iPhone to search this place and it indicated that it was 7 miles away. I was looking at the photo on Yelp and was standing outside looking at the same thing next door. I was like...whoah....WTF?!Anyways, if you want to lose weight or on a diet, the Senorita Bread is not for you...especially if you just started your New Year's resolution. But if you wanna start your resolution next year, then grab some Senorita Bread. It's a definite guilty pleasure.You know you want some, Senoritas y Senoritas.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2010,5/10/2010,3057,2814,22,34,28>People keep wondering where my Gary Danko review is. Well, Q is really more my speed...and my price point for satisfying, Friday-night eats. Yes, I saw the prep montage of the duck confit on Guy Fieri's "Triple-D" show and was taken aback by how much effort and time it took to make. The result looked awesome enough for Jamie W. and me to take the always adventurous 38 Geary to give the place a try. Heavy with hipster vibe, it feels like the bastard love child of Brainwash and Chow - including the obligatory 15-minute wait time. A thorough glance of the menu really got my motor running. I did see the $9.50 Macaroni and Cheezy with Tater Tots pass by and was worried momentarily I was in a retro, Butter-like place. However, culinary concerns were allayed when we ordered the $8.50 Black Mussels of Love, which they steam in Pilsner and mixed abundantly with sliced garlic cloves (see photo). It was served in a spicy, buttery chipotle broth. I'd definitely rank this one higher than the pile we got at Luna Park. The other appetizer was also a winner, the $8.50 Cornmeal-Crusted Fried Green Tomatoes topped with a thick, flavorful Red Pepper Coulis and bits of Cypress Grove Goat Cheese (see photo). I've never had fried green tomatoes before, but I really liked the combination of the thick crust and unripened tomato slice with all that chunky sauce. Jamie went for the $9.75 Slammin' Wild Pacific King Salmon Burger on Focaccia with Chili-Lime Aioli and Garlic Fries (see photo). It was a nice, hearty case of the surf overtaking the turf - though it was the only part of the meal that was less than sensational. Of course, I ordered the $16.50 Duck Confit (only available after 5:30PM). It was as scrumptious as it looked on TV, as you can taste all the allspice and brown sugar mixed into the tender duck leg. It came drenched in a dried cherry pinot noir reduction sauce and with bits of the same goat cheese. It rested on a bed of fried polenta as four grilled asparagus spears stood guard over it (see photo). Extremely delicious, and my only complaint is that I wished I could have ordered two legs and a breast. The meal ended with a beaut of a dessert, the $7.50 Grilled Banana split in two with a couple of scoops of Double Rainbow Vanilla Bean Ice Cream, Caramelized Walnuts, and Chocolate and Caramel Sauce (see photo). Homespun but hip sweetness. And Jamie was especially happy that we got free Diet Coke refills. Service was excellent, no small feat given the buzz of activity in the space and the waiting throngs near the bar. The best part was the bill including tip only come to about $36 per person, and clearly this was better than 99% of the Dine About Town specials last month. The check also came with iddy-biddy Tootsie Rolls. I foresee Q receiving a whole lot of "Check-In" activity from me going forward.FOOD - 5 stars....the duck confit is a must, the fried green tomatoes and mussels are exceptional...comfort food with a major pow factor AMBIANCE - 4 stars...retro-hip is a bit "been there, done that", but it's comfortable and not as loud as you would think...the glass display cases underneath the tables probably need some dusting and Windex SERVICE - 4.5 stars...fast, efficient but never pushy...staff seems truly dedicated without any 'tude TOTAL - 5 stars...a budget-conscious gold mine of culinary comfort delight if you ask me
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2009,5/9/2010,704,219,17,19,18>I never thought what I'm about to say would ever come out of my mouth, but here we go...I think Dianda's little Italian cookies are better than Stella bakery. I know, I know it's almost blasphemous. But, after trying a large (and I mean almost embarrassingly large, as they were pretty much only for me) sample of cookies, I must say the flavors and textures of every single one were spot on. The almond cookie with pine nuts was particularly good - the texture was perfectly chewy and not too dry. It's far too hard to describe every single cookie, but I'll say this - there was not one that I didn't like, which will clearly make it impossible to get less than say, 20+ the next time I go back.Their service was a little...unapproachable I guess is a good word. But really, if they boxed up those cookies while screaming at me the entire time, I would still give it 5 stars because the food was just that good. I'm almost scared to try the pastries because if they look as good as they taste, and I'm sure they do, there's no going back. Next time there is a dinner party, a friend needs a pick me up, or I just feel the urge to gain a couple of pounds, a box of these cookies is the perfect (and affordable!) solution.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2009,5/8/2010,449,396,22,29,25>If there is one place that can make me giddy like a little school girl and infatuated like a teenager is with their middle school crush, it's Cairo Nights.  I get giddy over the delicious flavors of white peach, fuzzy navel and blackberry shisha (not all at once, mind you) that have a field day in my mouth.  Aside from the trance-like state you'll be in while blowing the hazy smoke through your mouth, the relaxed setting and upbeat music will definitely set the tone for your night.I am infatuated with their no-holds-barred policy of BYOB, BYOW, BYOHard Alcohol, and BYOFood.  This is no joke or an exaggeration.  I threw the SO a surprise birthday party here a few weeks ago, and I literally brought in party trays of food.  No questions asked.  It's also not uncommon to see pizza delivery guys throughout the night here.I am enamored with Khalid's friendliness and the fact that he called me his "sister" only after meeting him for the first time.  He is so welcoming and accommodating.  The SO's surprise party went off without a hitch, all thanks to Khalid.I wish this place were a hidden secret, but it's just inevitable to be THE place everyone wants to hang out at.  Each time I've brought a friend here, they've fallen in love with the place.  And what's not to love about $13 hookahs that will provide you with hours of entertainment?
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2010,5/7/2010,1118,942,23,36,26>As stated by others the reincarnation of SO is awesome!Excellent service and impeccable space. The new restaurant is larger and more spacious than the original place that closed 2 years ago. This remote location attracts mostly office workers coming here for drinks after work, and many fans of the old restaurant.It's a little tricky to find your way to this place because it's on a one way street. But for reference, it's located near the mall that houses Trader Joe's/ Bed Bath & Beyond on 9th street. So just park anywhere around that block and walk over. For BART riders, get off at Civic Center station and walk down 8th street until you reach Bryant street, turn around the corner to your right.You need to get your hands dirty for the popular and delicious crispy wings (don't worry, it's the only messy item) - worth 5-stars by itself. static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b… Something new in this menu are deep fried "sticks" filled with corn static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b… or edamame (and other choices), those are good too. I also liked the sauteed string beans and the potstickers. I still have more menu items to try.Note that many of the food choices are deep fried and/or VERY spicy (although you can ask for mild), so this place might not rate as highly if you dislike those types of food.If you want to order to go, their phone number is pretty easy to remember: 552-soso. Closed on Sundays.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2010,5/6/2010,427,329,26,35,26>Rule # 1, never let anyone walk all over you.......accept when here at La Biang getting a traditional Thai massage!Lately, I've been so over traditional Swedish massages.   Swedish massage is great for those seeking more of a relaxing rub down.  But for folks like me who need my meat beat down, I like a massage that can kick my ass sometimes.  I've been wanting to try La Biang for the longest time, and I finally gave myself a reason to pay a visit here after having been really stressed out lately.  My shoulders and upper back have been stiff so I was in need of a good "back-walking" massage.  Upon receiving my massage, I called around to see if they had availability for a walk in appointment, and luckily they had space.  Service starts with you filling out a little information sheet as to what parts of your body you would like to be worked on.  I was then provided with comfy slippers and leave your shoes in the lobby.  Next, my therapist Ya, guided me to the massage area which consists of serveral individual floor mats separated by curtains for privacy.  You are then provided with a loose tee shirt and pants as Thai Massage is done without oils.   La Biang specializes in traditional Thai Massage.  For those are aren't familiar with Thai Massage, it's more of a deep pressure massage using all aspects of the therapists limbs.  Rather than a Swedish massage which involves long strokes, in Thai Massage, the therapist uses more pressure point massage using various parts of their body as well.  Therpists use their hands, forearms, elbows, feet (utilizing toes and heel), knees.  My favorite part of the massage is when my therpists walks up and down my back pressing her heels into my shoulders and along my spine with her feet and her knees. Love the pain! Furthermore, Thai Massage also involves various stretching techniques, so it does help be somewhat flexible and fit to have a Thai Massage done.  I also think that this massage works best for folks who have meat on them as opposed to boney people, because the pressure of Thai Massage definitely can hurt.  I enjoyed my massage V E R Y  much.  For a little Thai lady, Ya is super strong, and definitely exceeded my expectations for a therapist.  I usually like more heavy set woman, or a man as my therapist as I like deeper pressure.  But I enjoyed Ya very much. My only complaint for my first experience here at La Biang is that can kind of get noisy as there are no walls separating the various treatment area and the lobby.  So you can hear literally everything going on.  I will defintely request to have a massage mat further back next time. La Biang definitely hit the spot for me.  The best part...a 1 Hour Massage is only $55.00.  I will definitely be back in search of my quieter 5 Star experience next time.Spas are my second home!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2010,5/5/2010,364,268,21,23,26>If you like flavor and heat, than Burma SuperStar is the place for you. Be warned though, the wait could be long and you could end up eating 2 dinners. Why 2 dinners? Well, the business saavy people at Burma SuperStar came up with the brilliant idea of opening up a "waiting station" of sorts known as B Star Bar and located just a few store fronts down. At B Star Bar, an hour goes by with a quickness. And that is because you are so busy liquoring yourself up with their delicious soju cocktails and an assortment of tasty appetizers that you don't realize how much you've eaten and how much time has passed. Half a rib in and pieces of chicken satay still dangling from your mouth your phone rings and it is the nice hostess at Burma SuperStar letting you know that your second dinner awaits...Here are the recommended dishes to get at Burma SuperStar on a nearly full stomach:Tea Leaf Salad - exploding with flavorVegetarian Samusa Soup - exploding with flavorBurmease Style Curry - exploding with flavorCoconut Rice - you'll need it for the curry Eggplant with Garlic Sauce - again...exploding with flavor
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2010,5/4/2010,363,329,31,43,40>Hip Hip Hooray for Creme Brulee! At long last, the famous Creme Brulee Cart. Creme brulee is one of my Yelp loves, and like to consider myself a connoisseur (or wanna-be). I was super jazzed to finally try the sweet goodness with my fellow Sweet toother and Yelp pal, Patty P. Of course, we are both fans of dessert for dinner OR dessert before dinner. :0 We arrived at Fabric 8 fashionably early (so non-filipino of me), and walked towards the back patio as that's where CBC chef was situated. yelp.com/biz_photos/1nAj… After perusing the 5 brulee options and a brief chat with the confident chef, we finally decided on 3 (as we didn't want to go overboard). Here he is with the infamous torch yelp.com/biz_photos/1nAj…. These flavors are also listed in my fav order: - Lavender: Not only did it smell lovely, but tasted just as divine. I agree with Patty in that this was the perfect brulee texture. Spoon tap tested and approved! Oh Mylanta! The flavor was absolutely perfect, which is great as you don't want an overpowering flavor when it comes to something so fragrant. - Ritual Coffee: This smell and tasted so good. The brulee texture was just ok and not as good as Lavender. It needed more sugar, as it was spoon tapped (and not approved). However, the coffee flavor was bursting in every delicious bite. - Meyer Lemon with Blueberry Sauce: Fragrant, but the taste was disappointing. Brulee was spoon tapped and not approved, and the blueberry sauce, while tasty, took away from the crisp brulee texture that I love. From left to right - Ritual Coffee, Meyer Lemon, and Lavender (and some gobbas) yelp.com/biz_photos/1nAj… All in all, a great first CBC experience. Look forward to trying more digalicious creme brulees in the near future. See you soon CBC man!
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2011,4/7/2012,1194,640,7,11,10>Seafood is heavenly. Seafood in an upscale SF restaurant, with an interesting atmosphere, extremely helpful servers, amazingly fresh food, potent bottles of wine, and added plates because they felt like it? Perfect. Luckily the two times I've come here I didn't have to pay, because if I had I would probably break the bank. I'm not sure if that made it even better, or if it was really that great in the first place. Either way, I love this restaurant. Last time my date (at the time) ordered tons of different dishes and bottles b/c he knew the manager. I really don't know what I consumed, except that it was delicious. This time however, we ordered two bottles of Drake Pinot Noir, half lobster with dipping sauces, squid dish, Halibut, and Red Snapper. They also gave us little spoonfuls of something that tasted like a mixture of pea soup, honey and fish. Sound gross? Definitely not, more like amazing! We also got dessert, which was delicious as well...but can you really go wrong with dessert? I think not. Each time I've been here, I can only think about how great it was. It's definitely the kind of place I would love to come back to again and again!
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2011,4/6/2012,607,331,11,18,14>Came here for girls' night out and man what a night!My friend just got married and diet was off!  Time to grub and we decided to come here.  This place has very rich flavorful food.  Everything we ordered was full of flavor and very heavy!This was our dinner:Starters:-Steak Tartare - fresh chopped filet, french mustard dressing egg yolk, garlic (great starter!)-Roasted Bone Marrow - caramelized field onions, herb breadcrumbs, veal jus ( MY FAVORITE! I think I can finish one by myself! So much flavor!)Entrees:-Organic Fried Chicken - The famous fried chicken! Buttermilk brine, roasted garlic, crisp woody herbs and lemon (if you love chunks of rosemary mixed into the batter then this would be a great dish for you.  Very large plate. Easy to share.)-Dungeness Crab Louis Salad - Crisp iceberg, soft boiled organiz eggs, avocado, smoked bacon, beets and apples ( Great salad! Very light!)-Cowgirl Ricotta Ravioli - Roasted Zucchini, sweet corn, cherry Tomato confit, fried blossoms, basil (heavy creamy vegetarian dish)-Wayfare Burger "LE GRAND" - grass-fed proprietart grind, Mt. Tam Cheese, roasted onion, smoked bacon, brioche  with a sunny side up Petaluma egg ( OMG So good and so bad for you but I don't feel bad eating something this good! hmm does that make sense? Must order!)Sides (yes we ordered sides!):-Baked Macaroni and Cheese- Jack cheese, garlic bread crumbs, chives and smoked olive oil (Delicious!!!)-Roasted Spring Mushrooms (if you love truffle and mushrooms, then you have to order this!)-French fried Kennebec Potatoes (You can never go wrong with more fries)Dessert (yes... we still had room):-Sticky Toffee Pudding - Warm toffee sauce, ginger ice cream (Yummy!)-Apple Cobbler - Oatmeal streussel, spiced cider ice cream (my favorite!)-Pineapple Upside Down Cake - Coconut ice cream, macadamia nut crumble ( Also another favorite!! very pretty presentation!)Cost of all this...PRICELESS FOOD COMA
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2011,4/5/2012,1258,548,14,14,11>Admittedly, I am not a skin care fanatic.  I'm terrible about my skin care routine, and have been lucky my skin has not drooped to my shoulders as far as wrinkles are concerned.  The sun is wonderful for so many things, but youthful skin is not one of them.  We all have sun-damaged skin, and unless you've been living in a cave your entire life or your skin care routine has been extraordinarily strict since childhood.  My skin is definitely no exception.I made an appointment with Erika for a microdermabrasion, thanks to an online coupon deal that helped ease the cost of the $145 session.  After easily parking on Shipley, an alley off of 5th Street, I rang the bell of a nondescript looking apartment house.  The studio is hidden away downstairs, past the recycling bins and PG&E meters.  Erika led the way to her small and cozy room, equipped with all the necessary tools and resources.  After 15 minutes of discussion and form-filling, she took a look at my skin to analyze what would best suit me as far as treatment.  There was a gentle lecture about skin care that felt not unlike a visit to the dentist.  Erika takes skin very seriously.  This was obviously not going to be just another facial appointment. And it's definitely not "just a facial."  This is not your usual spa treatment-type experience.  Erika is a professional in the most serious sense of the word, and she seems very dedicated to helping her clients maintain healthy, youthful skin for as long as possible.  Her approach is very friendly, but she does give you a crystal clear message with no bones about it:  Take care of your skin now.  It's never too late.The procedure was an hour, including a mask and extractions.  The mask was particularly interesting, and chocolate based.  I also asked for an additional waxing, which she gladly performed.  After sitting up and looking in the mirror, the difference was visible right away.  Although there was some redness (which disappeared within hours) my skin was soft, supple, and the lines seemed less crater-like.  I was sold.The products are mostly Rhonda Allison, a Texas-based company.  Everything is all-natural, plant and fruit based, and very gentle on the skin.  Although I purchased the mineral powder brush-on SPF 50 ($60) and the retinal lotion ($30), there was no real "hard sell" that I loathe at the popular spas.  Erika simply suggested what might be best for my lifestyle (lazy and too busy to care) and my immediate skin care needs (not getting any younger.)  The prices were not cost-prohibitive, and I felt confident that she was genuinely thinking of my best interest and knew her stuff.  As for microdermabrasion, I am hooked.  I will be on the corner begging for loose change to make my next appointment a reality.  Anyone want to babysit my two kids while I'm being pampered?  Come on, now.  Poopy diapers and baby vomit are the BEST.And by the BEST I mean GROSS.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2011,4/4/2012,531,551,12,17,15>Came here twice so far and both times were excellent!The first time I came for my birthday dinner and had a party of about 20 people. We arrived on time but our table wasnt ready yet and we ended up waiting for like 15 minutes or so, which wasnt bad. The manager was very apologetic and surprised us with some appetizers at the table on the house-  that was great! Everything that we ordered turned out delicious and there were no complaints. Some ordered pasta, some steak, some chicken- everything was perfect.The second time I came with the BF for dinner and ordered the pork chop, which was probably one of the best i've ever had. Everything went so well together that I had to savor each bite. Portions were big and I had leftovers. I'd love to come back to try their breakfast one day. They've also got a pretty long bar with TVs around- great spot to come to watch sports.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2011,4/3/2012,669,1022,12,21,20>New izakaya in the Mission with authentic flavors and menu.The daily sunomono was dungeness crab salad, which was very light and refreshing. With subtle and very clean flavors, this was a really nice dish to start off with.I loved their version of agedashi tofu, topped off with ikura and bonito flakes. Their housemade tofu came in one large piece with just a bit of dashi.Yakitori here is grilled over a gas grill, and Teba, chicken wing was our favorite. We loved the bold flavors of the Suji Nikomi, beef tendon cooked in housemade miso. The tendon was cooked perfectly, meltingly soft.Uni with chawan mushi needed a bit more umami for my taste, but the uni was a nice touch.They have a nice selection of sake and limited shochu menu. I hadn't seen the Japanese Riru beer anywhere else, which had good flavor.The Japanese staff here is very friendly and knowledgeable about their food. They have their own koji, and make marinades and miso in house from this mold.I'll be back to try more of the menu, but their enthusiasm with their food alone makes me want to return.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2011,4/2/2012,2747,1075,15,22,20>It's all about meat.  This place has been here by the West Portal since forever, and it has always been a great place for high school students, college students, and famished late-night party animals.  On a Sunday afternoon it was quiet, the service was prompt and courteous, and of course all the meat was fresh.  They display the meat in a glass refrigerator right by the front door -- you can't miss it.  My Lady and I ordered a couple of 1/3-lb. burgers, mine with pepper jack cheese.  Delicious crispy little french fries on the side, not quite shoestring but definitely easy to handle.  Hot tea and a diet Coke.  All of this for $23 + tip.  The decor was calm and cool, and it was easy to overhear nearby conversations.  If you're having a private conversation in a public space, you might want to be aware of this.  In the evening, when the sound levels are higher, you might be able to tell your beloved your life plans without involving the other patronsI know the buffalo meat here is famous, but let me go ahead and endorse the beef.  It is delicious.  5,000,000 stars to my Princess for being conscious enough to leave her hamburger bun on the plate.  I need to learn to do that.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2011,4/1/2012,492,201,31,28,27>There are many things that are bad for you, but you still do it anyway. Eating greasy pizza at 2am even though you already drank 1000 calories of alcohol that night but at the time it was a yummy idea.Watching Jersey Shore. It kills brain cells, son.Ordering TWO scorpion bowls for four people at Trad'r Sam's, after drinking two bottles of wine and three cocktails.Don't be fooled by the adornment of cute drink umbrellas and maraschino cherries surrounding the bowl. These giant vats of sugar-laden bottom-shelf liquor are a guaranteed hangover for the next morning. s3-media1.px.yelpcdn.com…For some reason, we decided to order two bowls among four people, and in less than an hour, both bowls were empty. The perimeter of the bar is lined with comfy chairs, providing semi-private seating for you and your soon-to-be-intoxicated friends. Ignore the unpleasant smell of the entire bar, and just drink your $14 scorpion bowl of tropical fun. You know you're gonna have a killer hangover the next morning, but you still keep drinking. That's the spirit! :D
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2011,3/31/2012,4636,789,12,19,13>Umami Burger has finally opened their doors in the Bay Area and being a Burger connoisseur, it didn't take me long to pay them a visit, especially considering that their Burgers are highly praised.  So are their burgers worth the hype?  I got a 5 star review here to tell you that they are! The place was packed when my friends and I got there for their first Friday night service.  They don't take reservations so it was really important to come early.  We had to wait about 90 mins to finally get seated!  They were so busy that actually had to turn down customers because they were completely booked for the rest of the night.  Definitely come early folks!!My initial choice was to try their off-the-menu Bone Marrow Burger that the early Yelp reviews were highly praising.  But the waitress told me they were sold out.  *Sad Face*  It wasn't too big of a deal really though as they've got a great list of alternatives.  I decided on their signature and highly praised Umami Burger.  And to compliment it, a side of their off-the-menu Cheesy Tots.The Umami Burger  (yelp.com/biz_photos/szH8…) - Shiitake Mushrooms, Caramelized Onions, Roasted tomato, Parmesan Crisp, Housemade Umami Ketchup.  In the pic, don't let the bun deceive you.  The burger was actually pretty thick!  This Burger really satisfied my tastebuds.  I can't remember ever taking my time to finish my Burger when I usually devour it.  All the toppings along with Burger meshed well together to create a really unique flavor.  They've definitely done a great job trying to achieve that "Fifth Taste."  It was really delicious!The Cheesy Tots were incredible and pretty plump when you look at them (yelp.com/biz_photos/szH8…).  Crispy on the outside with nice and gooey cheese in the inside.  YUM!  The complimentary Condiments further enhanced their flavor and they were presented in a very novel way (yelp.com/biz_photos/szH8…).  My favorites were the Umami Ketchup, Roasted Garlic Aioli, and Jalapeno Ranch. Sadly, after eating their perfectly portioned Burger and Cheesy Tots, there wasn't anymore room for dessert.  I'm big fan of Humphry Slocombe Ice Cream, and they offer them in a sandwich form between two cookies!  It would be a great follow up to any of their Burgers.If you prefer to have your own custom burger like at The Counter or Burger Bar, then this spot will probably not be ideal for you as each Burger is built to have their own distinct flavor.  In a way, I actually like it like that because it's the way the chef wants you to experience their food.I can't wait to go back to try their other Burgers.  In particular, the Truffle Burger, the Manly Burger, the Bacon Wrapped Scallop Burger and, if they ever do bring it back, their off-the-menu Bone Marrow Burger. I really don't see why I can't give 5 stars to this SoCal import.  They've got a tried-and-true formula that's made them very successful, otherwise they wouldn't even bother expanding out to SF.  And their Burgers from what I've seen and tasted are finely crafted and definitely have that OMGYUM factor in my book.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2012,3/30/2012,4474,1400,53,61,53>THE "LAYOVER" EFFECT...Have two celebrity chefs dine in a little known restaurant, broadcast it on a new highly syndicated show, and THEY WILL COME!I've bookmarked To Hyang for months after hearing that celebrity chef/TV personality Anthony Bourdain was in town filming his new show, "The Layover". During his Layover in SF which aired on Monday, Bourdain visited To Hyang, a little gem in the Inner Richmond where he dined with fellow celebrity chef/offal god, Chris Cosentino (Incanto). Dining regularly in the area for years and having passed by To Hyang on my way back home from work, I've NEVER seen To Hyang as packed as it was last night. Actually, before last night, I don't think I've ever seen more than 4 people dine there at a time.To Hyang is unlike any other Korean restaurant. You will find unique menu items like deboned chicken feet, goat stew and sautéed intestines. Link to menu: sanfrancisco.menupages.c…F O O DWe were given 8 complimentary Banchan items: Kimchee (spicy fermented cabbage), Sigeumchi namul (parboiled spinach), Kongnamul (bean sprout salad), Odaeng (spicy fish cake), Oijangajji (pickled cucumber), Yoengeun jorim (lotus root simmered in soy and sugar), Musaengchae (spicy julienned radish) and Hobak namul (zucchini). The standout were the divine spicy fish cakes. They had a surprisingly fluffy soft texture which was unlike anything I've tasted.*YUK HAE: Raw Beef w/ Sesame Oil Dressing, Pear & Raw Egg ($18.99): 5 STARSyelp.com/biz_photos/s72r…As a huge fan of beef tartar, this was by far the BEST tartar I've had; actually it was one the BEST things I've ever ate! A bed of freshly julienned pears were topped with ribbons of raw beef seasoned with sesame oil, garlic and ginger, then topped with a raw egg yolk. The combo of the melt-in-your-mouth tartar and the crunchy pears was a textural sensation on the palate. The sesame oil dressing nicely coated the beef giving it a savory, slightly tangy and deliciously nutty flavor. The creamy decadence from the egg yolk took this dish to epic levels. *FOODGASM* A guarantee cream in your panties/jizz in your boxers!*SAMM GYUB SAL: Spiced Boiled Sliced Pork Belly ($15.99): 4 STARSyelp.com/biz_photos/s72r…A "guilt-free" dish, the spiced pork belly was boiled, rendering the fat out. It was served with fresh shrimp paste and togarashi pepper mixture and black bean paste. The pork belly had a good ratio of fat to lean meat. The tender lean meat was a nice contrast to gelatinous yet delicate pork belly skin.*DAEGI KALBI CHIM: Boiled Spicy Pork Ribs ($17.99): 3 STARS yelp.com/biz_photos/s72r…Boiled to a medium tenderness, the pork spareribs were tossed in a savory garlicky mild chili pepper sauce. However, the spareribs needed to be boiled longer to break down the fibers creating a more "fall-of-the-bone" texture. The sauce was both lacking the familiar, bold flavor that I'm accustomed to with Korean sauces and an ooopmh factor to make it a memorable dish.Keeping with the "The Art of Getting Sloshed" theme where drunken nights are part of the Korean culture (they seal business deals drunk), we ordered the Mixed Fruit (pear, plum, pineapple) House-Infused Soju. When the small pitcher arrived, both my friend and I looked at each other and said, "THAT cost $18.99?!?!...We're going to need at least 3-4 of those to get buzzed." yelp.com/biz_photos/s72r…  OH BOY, WERE WE WRONG. SO WRONG.*~*~*~*~ WARNING ~*~*~*~*Unless you have a high alcohol tolerance, do NOT even attempt to take a shot of this house infused soju/hooch/moonshine. The fruit in the soju is fermented for 6 months - 3 years in gigantic glass jars like a science experiment. With time, the sugar from the fruits breaks down making it more potent. The taste was medicinal, the feeling surreal. With just 2 shots of the Mixed Fruit House Infused Soju, I was as high as a kite and I'm deathly afraid of heights. This stuff is NO joke. S E R V I C EFriendly and prompt, the two waitresses did a good job manning the tables for a packed house. We were lucky enough to be the first diners, so the food came out quickly.A M B I A N C E / D E C O RA small mom and pop restaurant, To Hyang had a very causal and homey feel to it with an assortment of plants and scroll in Korean calligraphy on the back wall. With a capacity for ~30 people, To Hyang is good for parties no more than 6 people.I can't believe it took the "Layover" effect to bring me to To Hyang. In Korean, To Hyang means a "smell of home" and I have Bourdain and Cosentino to thank for bringing the smell of a Korean home through the rolling fog of SF. Gamsahabnida! Now can we *GUN BAE* to that house-infused soju AGAIN?
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2012,3/29/2012,111,258,15,16,15>Still my favorite restaurant in SF!! Roland, owner and excutive chef, is pure genius! i love his food and i love his restaurant!!!!!there is nothing that i dont like on his menu... but my all time favorites... ALL TIME FAVORITES are the foie soup (which comes with a 2 ounce seared foie) and their foie (5 ounces) of PURE ORGASMIC GOODNESS!!! it was so funny that the waitress warned me that it might be too much... but you know what, i'm up for the foie challenge... it's not a challenge, i can intake all that fat... oooh yes I can!!! Other favorites:- butter poached lobster- pan seared black cod (i'm healthy too!)- roti of qual and squabif the mayans are right and the end of of the word is on dec 21,2012, i'm gonna be at la folie on dec 20th for my last meal... at least i'll be stuffed with foie on my last night on earth!
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/15/2006,2/3/2006,131,423,5,2,3>Good tea but too much of a scene for me.  Tea is supposed to be relaxing.  The energy of that room made me anxious.  Bad fung shui?  Sorry.  7 bucks for a cup of tea when I could be chilling in a dark bar sipping a glass of wine?  Next.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/1/2005,2/2/2006,10,39,28,9,4>If you go to Dolores Park Cafe and say you want to pay with a credit card, they will refuse to take it and direct you to their ATM which charges $2 for cash withdrawal. This is unacceptable for such a Yuppie place.   I went there and payed $9.70 in dimes: when they said "we do not have credit cards", I replied "this is rather inconvenient for both of us" and started counting 97 dimes.   I propose a campaign where several people in the next few days go there and pay them with small change.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2006,2/1/2006,108,292,4,3,5>Need a mission style burrito but live in the TenderNob? Taqueria Express is my hookup and the meat is waaaay less dodgy!  I asked about carnitas and my burrito artist (haha! ...sorry) said  "The Boss is Muslim, so all the meat is Halal, and no pork".  Halal is simply Arabic for "kosher".  Burritos are very savoury and a good size too ...the place is surprising clean for its Geary/Jones location and like everyone said, the folks here are mad friendly.Oh yeah, they really have awesome fruit drinks ...the Pina (pineapple) is awesome. My burrito artist (okay, i'll stop now) was giving me tips on how much pina to get and then how much tequila to add to it. Hilarious and awesome!!
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2006,1/31/2006,388,463,13,1,3>How a woman can gain 5 pounds from a 1 lb. box of chocolates is still one of the greatest phenomena that exists in the world today.But at least you can try these wonderful concoctions over a great cabernet with your girlfriend and not ever regret it one bit!!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2006,1/30/2006,278,574,9,1,8>i finally went to pink last night.  it was eurotrash heaven, packed to the gills.  they were playing craptastic progressive trance.and you know what, thats exactly what i wanted.  plus they are open til 4.dance dance dance
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2005,1/29/2006,65,93,,7,6>Went for their first official night open to the public.  All I can say is... WOW, WOW, WOW!!!  Our party of 6 was seated in a comfy bed (or would that be laid down?).  The 5-course dinner (no menu - you get what they dream up) was inventive and scrumptious (did I really just use that word?)  Pumpkin & goat cheese salad, duck & mushroom soup, tuna tatar on orange beets, halibut, and this apple/berry/whipped cream concocotion that had the table doing orgasm impersonations (or perhaps they were real).But wait, there's more!!  During dinner a DJ, set in the middle of the room, played amazing music ranging from obscure French ballads to downtempo to dub to upbeat house- all to correspond with the meal.  The lighting also randomly changed throughout the service.   The crowd was eclectic and fun - think Miami chic minus the attitude with a good dose of Burning Man thrown in.   Interesting characters in elaborate costumes floated by as performers delighted us with everything from modern dance performance art to campy drag queen numbers. In between courses, patrons (including oursleves) would get up and dance - staff too!  We passed on the face painting, but ended the meal with a 15 minute massage. What a fun, unique & highly memorable night.  After dinner, they open the bar area and the dance floor fills if you want to keep the night going.  Details:  The bill came to $100/pp.  $60 for the 5 course pre-fixe, plus cocktails of course.    Only one seating a night - get there at 7:30pm - dine at 8pm - the meal ended around 11:30pm.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2006,1/28/2006,586,1515,4,2,1>so bacar didn't work out for us for dine about town 2006, so we switched to their sister restaurant in quaint cole valley.overall, definitely above average.  i ordered a celery puree soup, korean short ribs, and we split some long beans and kabocha with banana raita.the soup was delicious.  i loved it's heartiness and truffle enhancement.  the korean short ribs were good, though very fatty; the mashed potatoes (yukon gold) were spot on though.  the long beans had great texture, but were a tad too salty for me, but the kabocha was perfection.for dessert, we had panna cotta with ginger cookies and lychee and black currant sorbet.  excellent executions, i must say.i should mention that i did very much like eos' space and service though.  airy, open and very friendly.  i will certainly come back, especially for dessert!
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2006,1/27/2006,83,240,25,5,10>After months of prodding from my sister and friends, I finally set out to have my chest waxed, and looking to Yelp for advice, I came here...Let me just say this: I now have a new profound respect for women.  How do you girls do that to your skin on a regular basis?!?  I think every man should try this at least once and he'll surely see the world in a new light.  Right now I'm at work and I'm waiting for the right time to borrow a co-worker's skin lotion so I can rub it on my chest.  Ow.(Oh yeah, and IO's a cool place.  I only wish there was soothing music playing in the background to take my mind off my manhood getting ripped away.  John Mellencamp's "Hurts So Good" comes to mind...)
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2006,1/26/2006,35,75,12,,2>This is where I go to stare at vinyl figures for hours at a time...It's like a zoo of inanimate objects. Sometimes I wish I worked here so I could stare at them for 8 hrs at a time. I once dropped a rack of Kubricks on Uma Thurman while she was holiday shopping at the NYC location. I think she was too busy checking me out though to really care.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2005,1/25/2006,0,2,16,14,51>I'll always have a fond place in my heart for this establishment. I've been going to the HOPR since I was a kid back in the '60s (the 1960s, not the 1860s.) Back then, they used to give free Sunday dinners to grandmothers if all three generations were at the table. My dad was, shall we say, thrifty, so he used to haul BOTH grandmas along every Sunday. This was a rough deal for the HOPR because one of my grandmothers was---to put it in delicate terms---a good-sized gal.In the olden times, the HOPR was a 'class' joint. Now it's not so classy, but still a great meal and a great deal. Not many restaurants left that toss your salad tableside, carve your entree from what look like Airstream trailers and serve martinis in classic glass and chrome shakers. You can buy them, BTW...I have two. The shakers, not the Airstreams.As for the food, the beef is still excellent. Slow-roasted in rock salt. Try it at home, it's a great technique. The salad is addictive, though old-school all the way: iceberg lettuce, watercress, chopped eggs, canned beets. The tangy dressing is a modified thousand island. The secret? Sherry wine vinegar. Now you know. And the creamed horseradish sauce is the best i've ever had, bar none. Think fresh grated horseradish and whipped cream.As someone mentioned, the maitre d' has been there for decades, the very definition of a gentleman. True story: about 10 years ago, my late mother and I were dining at HOPR. The place is popular with off-duty SFPD who often get boisterous (read: drunk and disorderly.) The table next to us had about 10 SF cops---loud, drunk and crude.My mother---at the time, a proper SF native in her 80s---was hard of hearing and was getting agitated. The din was so bad we ended up having them pack up our food to go before we touched it.As we were leaving, the maitre d'---who knew us---asked if something was the matter. We told him. He shook his head and said something about how times had changed and how manners were in decline.Then he said he had a similar group of SFPD a few weeks prior. Though he was a slight Jewish man in his 70s, he asked the table of drunk cops to leave the restaurant. He said they threatened him physically. "What did you do?", we asked. The maitre d' rolled up the sleeve of his starched white dress shirt to uncover a concentration camp identification tattoo. "I told them I wasn't scared of Adolph Hitler and I'm not scared of you," he said.Now that's a man.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2007,3/3/2007,371,281,37,16,27>You know you've had a great night when you inappropriately hug perfect strangers and leave the bar with the illusion of sobriety.Laying in bed at midnight, shoving handfuls of spicy Chex Mix into my mouth, watching episodes of "Undeclared," I found myself grinning like the Cheshire Cat. Internal thought process:"Wow, that was a really great night out, and I'm not even drunk.""Those Yelpers sure are friendly....I hope they didn't mind that I hung all over them drooling with admiration""mmmmm, Chex Mix is so delicious. Why don't I buy it more often? Probably because there are never enough rye chips"I "soberly" passed the eff out, woke up at 5 am with sawdust mouth and stood by the sink for an hour drinking water out of the faucet before I puked.The illusion of sobriety...It gets me every time.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2007,3/2/2007,933,691,50,35,37>My vacation home!I frequently enjoy an overnight stay here, especially on friday nights when the trek back to the East Bay in time to catch the last BART train would put a cramp in my DYL style.  My vacation home is very nice.  It's located at the end of the Embarcadero Center, has a great view of the bay and the city, and provides easy access to either cabs or public transportation, and North Beach Pizza is only a phone call away before 3am.Even when I stay in one of the regular rooms I don't feel cramped, but there is nothing like coming back to enjoy the suite and finding a bottle of champagne, strawberries, and melted chocolate waiting for you.  Sometimes I'll decide to stay on the executive floor with it's private lounge, free happy hour buffet spread and cocktails, or the free breakfast spread in the morning.The king bed has plenty of real estate for me and my guest to sprawl out or engage in a playful game of *steamroller* and is warm and comforting enough for us to go to happy sleepy land with ease.  The pillows, matress, sheets, covers...they are all top notch, high quality bed gear.  The beds are so inviting that even when the fire alarm goes off you will most likely make the decision to not put some clothes on in order to rush to safety and instead just stay in bed even at the risk of dying in a blazing inferno.My vacation home is so much better than your vacation home...oh wait, you don't have a vacation home?  sorry!
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2007,3/1/2007,728,671,27,11,17>So I'm on my way to meet friends at Wish of a Friday night--I should first of all never tell anyone I can be anywhere at 7:15 on a Friday night, it just never happens. Hadn't been to Wish in a coupla years and got all caught up in the one-way streets in SOMA. I finally see the corner and get rock-star parking in front, go flying in without noticing the smell of amyl nitrate and worse things. Then I think, "I don't recall there being leather curtains at Wish..."  OH, that's because it is Power House, a rough leather bar a BLOCK away from Wish. What can I do but gesture to the fine bears sidled up to the bar and say, "Well hello! Um, has anyone seen my Daddy?!" and run back out to the sound of their wolfish laughter. God, I am so much smarter than I act sometimes. Finally find my patient friends at the real (leather-free) Wish, drink waiting, and enjoy the OM records release party and excellent cocktails. Sunday afternoons are usu great as well, like a less-lascivious End Up, if you will.And yes, I found my Daddy!
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2007,2/28/2007,278,119,12,26,25>Real Review #100 for Jack Falstaff.Absolutely delicious, absolutely. Chef, thank you.Service wonderful. Thank you Aura.Very easy first time using Open Table.Requested warm table, and sat at the warmest table (table 1) in the house.I take off one star for this: Atmosphere.When I feel like I ought to be on my best behaviour,I feel smushed.But here's what we had (Yum!):A bottle of French white wine from the mouth of the Loire Valley,chosen by the sommelier, Matt - he was there :*) He's also the 5th or 6th Matt I've met in the past month.Foie gras with Calvaras ice cream (it's a liqueur I might have spelt wrong). Very rich.Vegetable tempura with St. something blue cheese. Too salty.White Sea Bass with root vegetables, Lemon confit. Perfect.Pan-roasted squab and Pork Belly. This was the happiest part.Oh wait. No, the dessert was pretty orgasmic, too.Upside-down banana cake and cardamom ice cream. Paired with a muscadet.Beignets and creme anglaise. Paired with an Australian reisling.The next morning I was dizzy with hangover headache. And a little bewildered still that I had had to be quiet while cardamom ice cream melted in my mouth. I scream for ice cream!
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2007,2/27/2007,1501,948,35,26,33>I am a huge Sake fan.So, I know a little bit of it.This place isn't  S.J.G.S,"Snobbish Japanese Gourmet Shit."Oh, I hate those places.They think they are the best.Fxxxx them!I think I should make a list of SJGS.But,Not here.This place is very small but they have true high end sakes.A lot of them.And their Price is right and fair.I was just look around.The young lady was very nice.She spoke to me Japanese very politly even I didn't buy anything.One of my favorite  "Kan-Chiku", $63.- at this place.That's same as Uoki Market in J-Town.$67 at Mira Market.You know,I think they should open a little Sushi Bar right next door.That'll be wonderful.That'll be my dream come true.So,I will be a dirty old drunk "Suke-Beh" J-man going die by :Kidney failure,Diabetes,Alcoholism,Having an unbalanced diet, whatelse.But, Fxxx it !I will be there for every night !P.S.,I think they should have a little tasting table at least.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2007,2/26/2007,606,410,82,58,60>Deep frying is an art that originated in Scotland. It was Scottish immigrants who introduced fried chicken to the American South, and more recently, the Scots who bestowed upon the world the fried Mars bar. So one could excuse my apprehension when finding out that the head chef at Butter is from Fulham - as everyone knows you shouldn't send an Englishman to do the job of  a Scot.However, Butter is about breaking stereotypes. The diversity represented within its concrete walls belies its image as a "White Trash" venue. Beyond its multicultural clientele, Butter boasts a menu that pulls from every corner of culture, amounting to the paragon of cuisine in the city's SOMA district.Take, for example, the Italian contributions to the menu. Try the Spaghettios ($4.00) - a tantalizing repast of pasta in warm tomato sauce - and Mozarella Sticks ($4.00) served with what the chef describes eloquently as "fresh-from-the-jar marinara sauce." Fantastico!Our taste buds are swept south of the border with the delectable Jalapeno Poppers ($5.00), and the sommelier masterfully suggests pairing this Latin treat with a tall-boy of Budweiser ($4.00), elegantly presented in its original packaging, a gorgeous white can. Ole!African heritage is represented on the menu as well. What Afro-centric diner could possibly resist the lure of fried Chicken Nuggets ($5.00), especially when paired with the "After School Special," ($6.50) a brilliant cocktail of Watermelon vodka and Grape soda? Jamba!One of the most popular dishes at Butter transports the diner to the Emerald Isle. One need not be an Irishman to know that the Tater Tots ($3.00) are not to be trifled with. These cylindrically formed nuggets of minced potato offer explosive flavor in a very small package. The culinary nuances afforded by melted yellow cheese are also available for an additional charge ($1.00).  This dish is most often accompanied by a 32 oz. Miller High Life ($5.00), a formidable beverage known to many as the "Champagne of Beers." Slainte!With such a gustatory adventure around the world, one would normally be too full to appreciate dessert. However, this is our English fry cook's specialty - the ne plus ultra of post-meal indulgence. I speak of the Deep Fried Twinkie ($3.00), an absolute marvel of a pastry. Battered, coated in pulverized Graham crackers, and deep fried to golden brown perfection, this sweet treat begs, nay, demands to be consumed, regardless of how many other courses you may have had. It is not to be missed!For all its jetsetting ways and cosmopolitan appeal, Butter has a very down-home feel. Despite its bourgeois menu, there is a welcoming, proletarian air about the space. This makes it perfect for both special occasions or simply for gathering with friends. - O.T.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2007,2/25/2007,749,974,59,29,33>Recipe for FUN:1                          Movie2 or more          Friends2 or more          Bottles of water1                         Bottle of vodka1                         Bottle of Pink Grapfruit Juice1                         Flask1                         Bag of Beef Jerky1                         Bag of Buffalo Bleu Kettle Chips1                         Bag of Gummi Bears1                         Bag of Chocolate Covered Honeycomb1                         Chocolate Carmel Pecan Clusters1                         Trader Joe's Cheese Crunchies1 or more         BIG ASS PURSES.Prep work: 10 minutesChug 3 bottles of water.  In empty bottles pour into them vodka and juice.  Fill to top. Hide in purse.Open bag of Cheese Crunchies.  This will avoid the noisy crinkly noise in the theater.  Empty into zip lock baggie. Do same with candy.Also hide in purse. Go to the movies and sit all the way in the back row in the middle.  Drink. Eat and Enjoy.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2006,2/24/2007,4961,1539,11,28,25>I love going to the spa, and Burke Williams is exactly what a spa experience should be. It is a little strange that the spa is located on the same floor as the movie theaters and that you can see the mall from the windows, but once you step inside, you are completely whisked away to a world of tranquility and relaxation. To enjoy my first visit to this new location, I asked Kristina R. to join me and indulge in a day of pampering. Like two little girls in a candy store, we were giddy over all the wonderful toiletries and beautifully appointed facilities. They have everything you need at your fingertips. I must have used every single product they had available for my pampering pleasure. Kristina and I arrived an hour before our facial appointment just so we could explore and enjoy the facilities. We were led to the women's area, where we found our lockers with a plush terry robe, towel, and slippers inside. We got into our robes and decided to use the steamroom. It was fabulous, though I think Kristina might have passed out from the steam if we stayed inside for another minute. Outside the steamroom, there was a bowl of ice cold face towels for us to cool off.  We headed over to the showers, where each stall (which is nicer than my own shower at home) was filled with wonderful smelling shampoo, conditioner and body wash. Razors and bottles of shaving cream were available as well. Now, this is what I'm talking about! BW thought of EVERY little detail to make the experience there complete. I could seriously live here.At 5 minutes till our appointment, we went out to the coed lounge area by the fireplace and relaxed on the oversized couch. We were lucky that the spa was not busy, because it felt like we had the whole spa to ourselves. Our aestheticians came out and took us to our individual treatment rooms. The room was dimly lit, with soothing music and the most comfortable bed. I was tucked into the comforter and the next 50 minutes were truly heavenly. I nearly fell asleep a few times during the facial. Once the facial was over, Kristina and I met up and decided to relax some more inside the Quiet Room. The room had about 10 lounge chairs with chenille blankets, tea, cucumber water, fruit, honey "snacks", and magazines for you to enjoy some quiet time. We happened to be the only ones in the Quiet Room, and needless to say, we turned it into a loud Laugh and Chat Room. I tried to enjoy the silence, but it's just impossible to sit in silence when I'm with Kristina. Really, I tried!We really dragged ourselves out of there at the end of the day. If I had the means, I would come here every day and have a different treatment done each day. You can't go wrong with giving your special girl or guy the gift of BW. Now who doesn't love to be pampered?
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2007,2/23/2007,440,185,47,32,34>The name Coit Liquor does not even begin to describe everything that this place is.  And while I'm going to try to do it justice in this review, I can't promise I'll be able to - just promise me you'll go in and check it out.So, I walked in Sunday afternoon and literally stumbled out Sunday night - how, you might ask, did I spend over three hours in a liquor store?!!  Here's how, as broken down by UF&C:Useful facts:-----------------Their wine tasting - yes, it's a liquor store but it has a great little area for hanging out and tasting wine - works like so: you pick any bottle from their huge selection, and you get two generous glasses for half the price of the bottle.  If you think about it, you're getting wine at retail prices, but wine bar (or better) atmospheres.  Plus, everyone on their staff KNOWS wine.  Tell them what you like, and they'll have a great recommendation.I went there on Sunday and they had me hard core craving a glass of wine last night.  Good thing it's on my bus route home!Funny digression---------------I'm the Product Manager here at Yelp.  And while Jeremy keeps me super busy, it's kinda hard explaining what exactly it is I do.  So I design stuff?  No ... I don't have the artistic talent that Michael does.  So I build stuff?  Oh hell no ... you don't want me touching code - the nerds here will attest to that (and I'm using "nerd" as an affectionate term).  Oh, and definitely don't let the word "Manager" in my "title" fool you.  I am no one's manager, and I'm lucky when they're not laughing at me.I was trying to explain this all to Tim, our wine expert, bartender, and all-around babysitter of drunks on a Sunday.  As any great wine expert does, he helped me verbalize what it is I do and gave me a new title: Tim: So what do you do?Me: I work on Internet ... stuff ... [word to the wise, this comes across wrong]Tim: Internet? What do you do on the Internet?Me: ha ha [nervous laugh] I'm an Product Manager [kinda used to people not knowing what that means]Tim: So kinda like a Web MasterMe: KindaTim: Well, really (sly smile) you'd be a Web Mistress, since you're a female Web MasterMe: Well .... I wouldn't s....Tim: [Chuckling to himself, with the telltale blue teeth of someone who spent all day already at the Zinfandel Festival.] No. I've got it.  You're a Web Dominatrix!  Me: [silent and wide-eyed]So there it is folks - what Tim thinks makes sense on my business card: Web Dominatrix.  Trust me, this is not at all due to any potential HR violating behavior in the Yelp workplace. Why Coit is Cool-----------------------Between 2 of us, which soon turned into a group of 4, then 7, then 9 - as random new friends and old friends joined us, off the street or straight from lots of wine at ZAP fest or from stalking the Bushman in Fisherman's Wharf - we polished off at least 4 bottles of great wine, What we didn't finish, they gave me in a brown bag, which I promptly took over to Golden Boy to have with my post-drinking 2 slices of pizza.Conclusion----------------I'm useful, funny AND cool, gosh darnit!  Now gimme my votes!Addendum---------------As if you can't tell, I was drunk.  And as Erica points out, we were here on Saturday, not Sunday!  But yeah, go see Tim on Saturdays!
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2007,2/22/2007,404,141,23,10,22>I'd write a lot but I'm so stuffed I'm just focusing on breathing right now.  The service was the best I've ever seen at an Arbys, the ladies working were efficient and patient.  Us Yelpers rocked the joint!  Kobayashi doesn't have anything on Ed M.  He is the Arby God, while Luis, Rick, Ciper, and Percival are Arby prophets.  I tell you what, I never thought I'd be giving a fast food joint 5 stars but hell has frozen over.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2005,3/10/2006,392,374,8,2,4>Yes, It's called Neverland. Sadly, not the MJ kind...almost as magical, but way less controversial!It's a tiny knick-knack store! They had some imported goods with cultural motifs, but I ended up looking at gigantic hoop earrings for $7.00, and my friend bought a cliche, but inspiring mini disco ball. Neverland also sold lots of (Man In The) Mirrors and Bad(ass) trinkets. After paying for our purchases (I'm no Smooth Criminal), we Beat It. Afterall, PYT's like us Wanna Be Startin' Somethin' .
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2005,3/8/2006,35,105,,7,8>My favorite SF bookstore.  Spread out over two locations on Clement Street, Green Apple has a great selection of used and new books.  Good prices, too.  The art book selection is especially good.  I usually spend half my time there perusing the staff recommendations, which are interesting and well-written.  The rest of my time is spent roaming the isles or maybe looking through children's books with one of my sons.  Highly recommended.  Tip: After you get a bundle of books, haul them down to Blue Danube, a great Clement Street coffeehouse, and dig into your find over a nice cappuccino.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2005,3/7/2006,288,155,15,3,7>Where I come from, if you're a hetrosexual male and someone finds out that you get your eyebrows professionally shaped, you can expect to be promptly ostracized. But hey, when in San Francisco, right?! So after months of jostling from various parties regarding my impending monobrow I finally did it. And who else would I trust but the highest-rated eyebrow shaper on Yelp? Cheryl deserves the accolade - great results, entirely painless, punctual, professional and personable. And, well, she's just cool. She isn't the cheapest, but I'm not about to take risks with my eyebrows. Now I just have to hope folks from home never read this! Seriously.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/30/2006,3/6/2006,861,621,45,10,13>ok. crazy story.... i met and became "friends" with a girl who worked here last year.(she has since quit and became a porn star... yes, a step up for her i guess) now, i grew up a very strict catholic girl, so i felt strangely naughty for having a friend who was a stripper. she invited me to the club a few times and i saw her dance. i have to admit she was pretty good. but then very quickly i realized she was absolutely NUTS.... she was high maintenance, insecure, needy, clingy. plus her life was high drama and out of control. which yes, intrigued me for about 5 minutes..... so 3 weeks into our "friendship" she tells me she's going to marry a guy she had just met on a movie set (yes, that kind of movie set) and she wanted me to be her maid of honor. i accepted out of sheer amazement and total confusion. 1 week later i came to my senses and told her i couldn't be her maid of honor..... well she went psycho on me calling my phone 80 times a day and threatening to show up at my house. eventually the calls stopped but to this day, just seeing the words New Century creep me out beyond words...disclaimer: BTW, i have nothing at all against strippers, just very scared of this particular one.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2006,3/4/2006,145,159,25,10,19>This is my "emotional rollercoaster" venue. Note: "Bad" feelings are denoted by "BF" and "good" feelings denoted by "GF".  Carry on.BF #1:  big, smoky outdoor crowd - no discernible lines, loud voices yelling to "clear the sidewalk".  Feeling is similar to trying to figure out where the sirens are coming from so you can pull over.BF#2:  Frisking.GF#1:  Thinking, "yeah, there ARE some people here I wouldn't want to have weapons".GF#2: ID guy always comments on how you couldn't possibly be as old as your DL proclaims, think, "i am young and dewy".BF#3:  Hear him say the exact same thing to Siliconia McWrinkle right behind you.GF#3: White haired man at the top of the steps who says, "Good evening and welcome to The Fillmore" with what seems to be genuine warmth and well-wishing.GF#4: Get drinks from veteran bartenders for fairly reasonable prices - one of them always buys me at least one drink per show.  (I like to believe it is my aforementioned youthful dewiness).GF#5: Excellent sight lines from any part of the venue and you can get really close to your artist.  Like sweaty/spittle in your (free) cocktail close.  Like "i can see your cellulite" close.  Cool.BF#4: Being constantly shuffled away from the bar, shooed from seemingly arbitrary "fire lanes" on the floor, prevented from sitting sort of anywhere (it seems to change each show) by barking bouncers. BF#5: Never quite loud enough to drown out the high pitched girls (and it's always the girls) who are finally having that slurred "catch-up" conversation they paid $37.50 to have in public, at a concert.  The blessed silences are randomly broken by sung (screeched) lyrics (usually wrong verse entirely).GF#6:  Good, balanced sound, decent lighting and how bad can a night be with great music pumping into your system?All and all though I would not recommend doing any sort of hallucinogen here.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2005,3/3/2006,8,140,61,7,18>bonafide mouth sex.  not only is the food off the heezy but they have this wicked microphone with built in reverb and fuzzpunch so that when they call out your name to come get your food it sounds like darth vader went on a coke and whiskey bender and he is all crunked out.  i'd like to sample it and overlay some sitar with slowdust beats.  rock some wacky tobaccy from the hookah and curl up with a bucket of chicken tikka masala and i'm on my way to nirvana.  $(*#HJFNOI#@*HO your food is ready.  POW!
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/4/2006,3/2/2006,0,0,,,>This store is a kill-joy! I come in here all excited - in my happy place - ready to organize the $h!# out of my apartment, and I pick everything I think would be perfect to store this and that. On my way to the cashier, I check the price, I race back to the shelves to put this and that back to where they belong and I drive down to IKEA.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2006,3/1/2006,3966,1827,25,9,15>When I die and go to heaven, I'm hoping that I get to pack up my earthly belongings in Goyard luggage and maybe a nice trunk or two. You can tell that this ultra luxury brand is based in Paris, but the new store on Union Square seems to fit in nicely into the neighborhood. Goyard's signature mark is their stencilled fabric, perfect for making that right impression amongst the jet set. I'll leave Louis Vuitton to Ludacris and Sean Combs, thanks.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2005,2/27/2006,12,111,22,3,8>I am a total applewhore.  I can't help it.  Everything is so shiny and tech and awesome.  I want it all.  I, like Steve (a.k.a. Mr Fatty) below me, visit this place just to feel like I am living in the future.  My only gripe with the future (aside from the retarded Genius Bar setup) is that the stairs are made of glass so that if you happen to be wearing a skirt you're instantly a sex worker.  God forbid you go in there with no panties.  I am surprised more dirty old men aren't loitering under those stairs just to get a glimpse of that which is most secret.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2006,2/26/2006,376,326,35,16,22>Its a good thing this place is in an alleyway, because i loved this coffee so much i wanted to get down and make sweet love to it. Ol' Socks LaPeePants didnt seems to mind..he must see this shit alot. It looks like other Yelpers complain about the time it takes to make coffee....its a single brewed cup of coffee. Lets first adress the fact that this is not fast food coffee....it would be like bitching that a burger at Absinthe "isnt ready the second you order it" and "Doesnt come in a paper wrapper". Its a different echelon. They brew the coffee FOR YOU. Like...for you. You know? Not in a fucking vat like Peets, or a bucket like Charbucks...your VERY OWN. And then some of you complain about paying $2 for it? WTF? How much are you paying for an effing small or medium at the other places? Usually $1.60-$1.70, plus the obligatory tip we leave The Baristas for working a spigot handle. "Good job, Tyler! Wee! Way to fill that cup and ask if i want room for cream!"" This place, they work for their money. The coffee is roasted BY THEM, not some warehouse in Carracas and pretty much is the closest thing to the coffee blends that i have roasted at home. Oh, and one more complaint to address, you cant find it....Google Maps.  Ill even help you...its off Gough, between McAllister and Market. There. Oh and the best part? Its a place to buy coffee and yet not one iBook or Powerbook in sight. Made me tear up for joy a little bit.Now if youll excuse me, i have some business to attend to....*Hands paycheck to Blue Bottle* "So, were good for the month, right?"
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2010,6/22/2011,541,99,18,21,22>Some of us have a 'Mr. Big'. I have mine. He was in town and he took me to Cafe Claude. Perfect 'Mr. Big' situation.Cafe Claude is a gem tucked in an alley near Union Square. I had meant to go there in a long time, and I picked the right occasion to give it a try - what a captivating place!The restaurant is relatively small, with a nice patio area. The interior looked more appealing to me, with its dimmed lighting, jazz band playing and sensual decor. We sat at the very back of the restaurant, where we could still enjoy the music, but at the same time carry a good conversation comfortably. Yes, that was the most important thing as we had a lot to catch up on.I ordered a glass of Sancerre, a French white that went really well with the special: seafood risotto. What an entrancing experience! Maybe it was the fact that I had the worst seafood risotto in my life a week before (see previous review), or maybe it was the ambiance or circumstance. But all I can say is 'wow'! The perfect texture, the perfect flavors, fabulous presentation!Big ordered the Truit Aux Amandes (pan-seared trout, almonds, white mushroom lemon sauce, fingerling potatoes, romano beans). His dish was also delish, and although he was a little hesitant about going to a French restaurant, he was really happy with my suggestion. ;-) The service was attentive, and I really appreciated that they gave us time to just enjoy our meal and conversation without interruptions. That was definitely a plus.It was one of those  nice warm week nights in SF, and the situation didn't allow me to focus 100% on the restaurant experience as I would like to. However, I am looking forward to coming back, maybe one of those cozy foggy nights, and have staples like the steak tartare and my favorite - French Onion soup. I have a feeling I will update the review and give it a 5. ;-)
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2010,6/21/2011,631,981,25,38,34>Now that I've eaten here several times I think I can honestly say that I like this new restaurant which took over the space once occupied by the Luna Taqueria.  I had a mixed opinion after dining in the first time on their second day of business, but things have improved steadily over the weeks enough to satisfy me into dropping in at least once a week.  The lady at the counter is extremely nice as is the head chef.Among the menu (yelp.com/biz_photos/qC3P…) items I've tried everything has been made with quality using generous, fresh ingredient portions.  Taste is a matter of opinion and there have been hits and misses among the things that I have tried.  They have three sides to choose from and I love both the crispy seasoned battered onion rings as well as the garlic fries (yelp.com/biz_photos/qC3P…) which are very garlicky.  I know this because my co-workers step away from me after I've had The Grill's garlic fries.  The regular fries are good too, different as they are seasoned with a bit of black pepper.So here's what I've tried so far starting with one of my favorite items:Foot Long Traditional Chicago Dog (yelp.com/biz_photos/qC3P…) - I love Chicago dogs, and this is one of the best I've had.  They use authentic Vienna Beef sausages cooked to perfection.  What surprised me was the foot long roll baked by Metropolis Baking Co. that it came on.  It was fresh and soft enough that it worked well with the hot sausage and it was sturdy enough that it didn't fall apart with all of the ingredients piled on top.California Burger! (yelp.com/biz_photos/qC3P…) - In my opinion it was better than the burger I ordered here on my first visit.  They give you a mountain of fresh alfalfa sprouts and ripe avocado.  The burger is cooked to order and cheese is your choice.  I selected provolone.  My medium burger was perfectly cooked and delicious.  A bit more juice in the burger would have made it outstanding.The Works! Burger (yelp.com/biz_photos/qC3P… and yelp.com/biz_photos/qC3P…) - This was the first thing I ever ordered at The Grill.  The third pound hand-formed burger is round, but it is served on a toasted rectangular French bread roll.  This was one busy burger with generous portions of thick bacon, ripe avocado, sauteed mushrooms and grilled onions.  Jack cheese is standard but I'm sure they wouldn't mind if you chose your own cheese.  I ordered the burger medium and it was, but the portion of the other ingredients actually masked the taste of the burger itself.  I'd be willing to order this again however.Heart Attack! Sandwich (yelp.com/biz_photos/qC3P…) - This was my least favorite of the things I have tried here.  There are lots of quality ingredients such as thick bacon, ripe avocado, pub cheese, jalapenos, lettuce, tomato, onion and The Grill's special sauce all served on sliced sourdough with a side of your choice.  The jalapenos were not fresh cut but were of the canned, jarred variety.  The special sauce didn't work either.  Instead of accentuating the flavors of the other ingredients it actually did the opposite and overpowered the other flavors.  I didn't like the pub cheese either which was much too gritty in texture.One bad sandwich won't ruin my experience though.  I just won't order that sandwich again.  The Grill is opened daily Mondays through Fridays from 7 AM until 5 PM for now.  They have a breakfast menu (yelp.com/biz_photos/qC3P…) and they serve Blue Bottle Coffee for you coffee drinkers out there.  They also serve beer.  Too bad I have to return to work after my visits so no beer for me!
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2011,6/20/2011,1385,482,37,41,38>When I die and reach the pearly gates of Mt. Olympus, Zeus, St. Peter, and Megan Fox will welcome me with open arms and hand me a plate of medium rare lamb chops from Kokkari Estiatorio (awfully presumptuous, I know, arguably I'm headed in the opposite direction).  "Heavenly" is the best way I can describe Kokkari's contemporary Greek fare.  Before I get to the food, I must say, Kokkari fires from all cylinders.  The service, decor, lighting, furniture, and ambiance are all carefully planned and coordinated to create a sophisticated, elegant, but not snobby, dining experience.  It's simply a beautiful restaurant, highlighted by large fireplace that roasts various meats and daily specials.  I think Liz T. described it best, "earthy, rustic, old world charming."  Kokkari specializes in contemporary Greek cuisine, which incorporates a medley of grilled or roasted seafood and meats.  The grilled octopus appetizer was quite good.  Though I would have enjoyed a thinner cut, I still loved the slight charred exterior taste.  The best appetizer we had was the crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber & mint-yogurt dressing, nice and crispy exterior, plus the dressing added a tangy kick.Much has been said about the lamb chops, Kokkari's signature dish.  As much as I loved the lamb chops, it was the fire roasted pig that floored me (who said you can't do family style in fine dining?).  The meat was amazingly succulent, juicy, and so tender that you can cut through it with a butter knife.  All other items we tried did not disappoint.  My wife had the sea bass, which was light and refreshing, perfect with a touch of sea salt and olive oil.  You won't get typical fine dining portions here.  Desserts are not Kokkari's strong suits, in my opinion, but I won't harp much on that.Kokkari draws comparisons with the popular Michelin rated spot in SF, Aziza.  I enjoyed Aziza as well.  They're quite similar (Aziza is more Morrocan), but in my view, Kokkari has the edge in providing a better overall better dining experience.  Overall, a stellar dining experience in almost every way (special thanks to our server Nasos).  Kokkari is easily one of my favorite spots in the city.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2010,6/19/2011,704,219,21,27,24>Philz has completely ruined me. I used to be happy with a regular grande coffee from Starbucks. I used to pay $2, $2.50 max for a cup of coffee. I used to be ignorant and happy. But now that I know how incredibly delicious coffee can be, now that I know its true potential, there's no going back to the naive bliss I once had.Now if I don't start every single morning with Philz coffee I'm a bitter, angry person. It sounds arrogant, but it's honestly become difficult to drink anything else. It's just too. damn. good.With 19 different brews, you're sure to find one that is perfectly tailored to you. My drink of choice? The silken splendor with plain soy milk. It doesn't just warm my body in the morning, it warms my heart and my soul.But be warned: this place is pretty funky. Some would call the interior eclectic, others would call it a mess, but either way it's not one of those sleek, hip spots that have been taking over the city. No no, it's way more poor, dirty hipster, which I don't mean as a, insult. Also, because this place is sorta a big deal and each cup is made to order, you may run into a bit of a wait. The baristas are fast, but give yourself at least 5-10 minutes.Finally, despite my love of their sweet, hot brews, their pastries are pretty terrible. They look tempting behind the glass, but it's just an illusion - you're best off finding sustenance elsewhere. Luckily, the best patisserie in the city, Knead, is right next door and open early. An almond twist + a pomme + a fresh cup of Silken Splendor = morning perfection.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2011,6/18/2011,1396,522,14,22,22>The only good thing about Saigon Sandwiches being closed for renovation until 4/1/11 is that I was forced to seek out other sammies in the neighborhood. I don't care much for Morty's (too meaty) or Le Petit's (too doughy), so I was excited to see a new kid on the block--even if that block is off sleazy 6th. Nevermind the addicts, prostitutes, homeless and crazies on your way here, the juice is worth the squeeze when we're talking about Taco's Sandwiches.I've been here three times this month. This is two more times than I've eaten anywhere else in the same period. In fact, I'm likely returning next week. I can't get enough of my favorite, the blackened fish po' boy--crispy fish filets (not one but two!) dusted with cajun spices and drizzled with chipotle aioli. It's large, lip-smacking delicious and only $6.25. If only Taco made a fried oyster po' boy, I would be happy as a clam... and fat as a whale. I can't believe a certain sandwich shop that I won't name charges $10 for one of their bland, uninspired slap-togethers--Taco's is better no matter how you cut the French roll.Yesterday I tried the pulled pork adobo sandwich with homemade coleslaw and chipotle aioli. The pulled pork was juicy, tender and plentiful. I brought Mengmeng Z. this time and unfortunately, I couldn't help but stare at her po' boy despite how good the pulled pork was. I imagine this is how Brad must've felt when he was happily married to Jen and filming a movie with Angelina. Good thing my friend devoured her sandwich, and my temptation, fast.I hope Taco's will be here for years to come like the institutions surrounding it (Tu Lan and Taqueria Cancun). Its sandwiches are up there--way up there--with Ike's.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2010,6/17/2011,1099,544,21,24,24>So I'm a sucker for wanting to try restaurants I've seen on Food Network.  I bookmarked this place a long time ago, and I finally made my way out to Pacifica to try it. We got there about 20 minutes before they opened, and there were already four people in line.  People weren't kidding when they said to go early.My eyes were a bit bigger than my stomach, and I ordered the pork ribs & beef brisket combo with mac & cheese and grilled zucchini.  My friend got the pulled pork and chicken combo with mac & cheese and beans over rice.  The food came out fairly quickly and we hiked up the tiny hill to the picnic area to start feasting on our food.All the food was so good.  The meats were all nice and tender and very tasty.  The chicken was ok....it just seemed a little dry after a while.  I like how they don't overdo the sauce.  Instead, they give you an extra container of sauce, so you can add as much or as little as you want.  The sides were really good, too.  The grilled zucchini made me feel a little healthier after eating all that meat.I shall return again for some yummy meaty goodness!
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2010,6/16/2011,270,234,17,19,19>Came back today to try the deconstructed samosa. The line was short close to 1pm and thank god for that because I was starving! The chicken deconstructed samosa was $6 and pretty darn fantastic. The portion filled me right up and came in one of those biodegradable to-go containers. Thumbs up for being green! The kind lady even warned me to hold it upright as to not spill anything.The chicken chunks were incredibly moist/flavorful and came apart easily. It also included pieces of bite-size samosas, curried chick peas, potatoes, and a mix of chutneys. On the bottom laid a layer of pastry normally used to wrap samosas as well to complete the "deconstruction". My only complaint was that there was quite a bit of oil that soaked the pastry from the curry. But in the end, all the salty, sweet, spicy flavors came together beautifully and I was very happy! Great value for a satisfying lunch!
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2010,6/15/2011,1792,531,22,27,23>Luck seems to not be on my side these days. Last week, and two days before a bachlorette party in Vegas, I drop and break my precious iPhone. Surprisingly I survived Sin City without my electronic crutch and without the couple extra Benjamen's to blow on male strippers and champagne. This week, and two days before the wedding, I lose my wallet. I discover it's missing shortly after I lock up my bridesmaid dress in a Laundry Locker. Retracing my steps I frantically call asking if the driver came across it. No wallet found. Cards Canceled. Momentary freak out- Laundry Locker wont return my bridesmaid dress without payment! Eeeek!!! I call back saying, "Hey this is that ditsy girl who lost her wallet again...Well I canceled all my cards, so obviously your payment won't process, is there any way you won't hold my dress hostage??"Laundry Locker was amazing- he promised me my dress the next morning if I promised to update my card when I receive it in the mail. That is some serious customer service. Six Stars.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2010,6/14/2011,1345,369,15,26,19>As the evening came to an end, with months of anticipation fulfilled, the highlight of the evening was just about to begin.After hearing about my profound and prolonged desire to dine at Benu, our server graciously asked us if we'd like to tour the kitchen and meet Chef Corey Lee.It was a remarkable way to end the night, and after meeting Lee, it is evident his modest and thorough demeanor is reflected in every dish.Cultivating embryos of meticulously fine taste, Lee crafts a meal that likens itself to sharpened platinum. Precise, refined and touched with a dose of elegant curiosity. ---Benu is a symbol of simplicity. The venue is mapped out with almost a chaotic amount of calm. The courtyard entrance is a modern tribute to serenity. Maple trees are carefully arranged around the smooth edges of wood benches. Dreams of a chilled Pinot Grigio with a late summer sun were born on this patio.---A plethora of dishes were enjoyed, and while I can go through each, I'll highlight the stand outs.* Eggplant soup, semi baked tomato, Parmesan, basilBy far my favorite dish of the night. The creamy texture of the soup was cultivated in comfort, and served with guilty pleasure. Parmesan brought the dish together giving the blend a sustained consistency and a delicate break.*Carnaroli risotto, sea urchin, corn, lovage, black truffleThis piece exemplified the fine art Lee was born to gift to the world.  The traditional risotta was topped with decadent mounds of uni that enveloped your buds. Corn drizzled throughout the dish develops a nice bite and consistency to the thick risotto.  *Beef rib cap, bluefoot mushrooms, mizuna, pine needle honeyRare, tender and flavor rich, this beef was immaculate. The honey layered on the dish was a romantic pairing with the mate deserving beef. Soft Bluefoot mushrooms were hand placed creating a scene fit for the MoMa.Every dish stood out, but for a return visit, I'd place the above request into the kitchen in a heartbeat. Service reminded you of what royalty feels like, and the complimentary chocolates cap the night in sweet fashion.From the handcrafted silverware to the military timing of dishes, Benu is on it's way to becoming the preeminent dining establishment not just of San Francisco but of the country.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2011,6/13/2011,1567,497,48,42,41>What's better than 1cent sake shots?  Well, as the inebriated lady next to me slurred last Friday, "Nah mush dis weally iz a grate del."Midori Sushi has been doing a promotion to get people in for the official grand opening of the Geary & Stanyan location and tomorrow (Friday 1/14) is the last day.  Which means if you want 1cent sake shots, you need to head down there tomorrow.  We had a great time eating & drinking with strangers last week and maturely moderated our sake consumption until someone found spare change in her purse.The staff is very nice, the fish is fresh (hallelujah) and the prices are  appropriate for the menu and the City.Plus, when you become a regular, they assign you a pair of real chopsticks and store them in a cute case with your name written on top.  I haven't been there enough to qualify for a set of my own, so I like to pretend I'm different people and use theirs. ... maybe.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2008,11/4/2008,1396,522,37,33,42>After my boyfriend and I broke up, he brought me to here to win me back--how else could a poor dental school student justify this meal? Hahaha. And what a meal it was. I can't give it five stars, but it's certainly 4.5.We began with fresh oysters on the half shell with three sauces. These were the best oysters I've devoured in my life--so big, so plump, so refreshing. Next up were the crab cakes with beurre blanc. I wasn't  impressed with them, but they weren't terrible--they could've used more seasoning. Beurre blanc just doesn't complement crab that well IMO.For the main course he had the Harris steak (thick bone-in New York) and I had the Ribeye steak. Although I'm not a big fan of New York steak--or New York for that matter--I just fell in love with this one. It was juicy, tender, had a nice crust, and tasted heavenly. Mmmmm. The ribeye was like Safeway slab next to this. My all-time favorite steakhouse, Ruth's Chris, is somewhere in between the Harris steak and the ribeye steak. To finish off our lovely date, we had the apple crumble. I'm definitely a sucker for 1) banoffee pie and 2) apple crumble. No banoffee pie here (or anywhere except England it seems), but the apple crumble was damn good. I could've eaten another one by myself. You're probably wondering if this delicious and wallet-denting meal was able to win me over (or not because you have better things to think about) but I'm not one to kiss and tell. Hahaha. Just eat and review, just eat and review.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2008,11/3/2008,226,126,31,16,27>The first one of these little devils tasted amazing.  Second and third seemed to get even better.  Then I noticed that something began to change.  By the seventh, I was deep into what one of my binge-drinking friends from college once called a "self re-evaluation period."  And speaking of devils, whats up with nine lives and only seven deadly sins!?  must be the devils equation ;)purrrrr
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2008,11/2/2008,528,403,58,28,33>You know you're living in SF when your cat can afford a condo before you can. Recently I bought my 7-year-old tabby, Mr. Biscuits, a mail-order bride, to keep him company while I'm away. He gets really cranky when left alone,  and I figured he needed some company.  We'll just call her Mrs. Biscuits. But like any married couple, they've run into a rough patch, and now require separate residences.  I should have known better; it's not like I set the best example for domestic bliss. The terms of their separation requires Mrs. B to be kept in the lifestyle she was accustomed to, which were agreed upon by Mr. B, who stated: "As long as I don't need to see that b*tch." These terms were met up with by a plush cat condo that only set him back $38, or 12 cans of Friskies in cat commerce. Great selection of food, toys, medicines, and carriers. Cat divorce lawyers? That's a different story.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2008,11/1/2008,348,319,30,36,40>When I was in high school, my family hosted an Australian exchange student for a semester.  The first time we met, she could not stop gushing about City Hall.Aussie:  I just want you to know that I have been all over the world and your town hall is the loveliest I've ever seen.  Kerry P. (Age 15):  Cool.  My parents keep vodka in the basement freezer.  Wanna make screwdrivers?I thought of her today as I walked across Carlton B. Goodlett Place, ballot in hand.  This magnificent structure really IS remarkable, topped with the one of the largest domes outside of Europe and beautiful detailing which will stun onlookers during the day or night hours. I came to City Hall today for early voting, just so I could feel amongst 'em and not have my ballot sit in a room somewhere until votes get close.  People, things are getting EXCITING!  You can feel the energy and power among everyone in attendance.  Two voters skipped away from the polls giggling and exclaimed, "I just voted for the first time!"  A scene like that might even melt the cold, impotent heart of Karl Rove.  Or not.  After my voting adventure I watched two men wed atop the grand staircase.  Anyone who claims marrying at City Hall is boring or tacky clearly hasn't been inside.  Today civic duty could not have seemed or felt more wonderful.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2008,10/31/2008,432,215,30,40,42>i would like to start off by pointing out that pacific catch is not the big bad wolf responsible for the closing of canvas gallery.  this is an untruth, and in fact, canvas gallery originally opened to showcase the artwork of the owner's wife.  guess whose paintings now hang on the walls of this renovated space?  that's right.  the wife of the owner of canvas gallery.  interesting, hmmn?  yeah, i thought so too.the space here is incredible.  from the pretty long bar with original and unique cocktails (lemongrass mojito, anyone?) to the vaulted celings with beautiful fixtures, this place has a truly modern and sassy yet comforting feel to it. beware that if you are coming in on a friday or saturday night, you might want to make a reservation or be prepared to wait for 45-1 hour at the bar if you don't.  there are additions to the menu here different from the chestnut street and corte madera locations, and all of them looked wonderful, but my friend and i decided to stick with the basics as we have been to the other locations countless times and have our favorites.  these are as follows: poke appetizer - if you have not had this dish you are seriously missing out on some wonderful flavor / fish tacos - i usually get a 'catch of the day', a mahi-mahi and one chicken taco to mix it up, all with the famous sweet potato fries / dulche de leche spring rolls - i have no words for how addictive and delicious this little dessert is... you MUST TRY IT:/service ran smooth, our wine pours were generous, and in all i was really impressed that PC  has managed to make a nice changeover from the fast sit down/take-out marina locale to a more traditional style of dining.  i definitely want to come back with a larger party and try some more of the new cocktails and maybe even be adventurous enough to order something new...
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2008,10/30/2008,525,127,21,27,33>I'm really glad I found McKenzie's. Up to this weekend, I never had a reason to hang out in the Outer Richmond at night.  I was looking for a spot to watch a fight and I sort of stumbled on to it. Earlier in the week, Kezar Pub said they were hosting it. Great, but when I called back on Saturday they said they were not. So after a search, I found McKenzie's.It was quiet with just a few dudes hanging out watching the fights. It did not have that sports bar feel which I hate. At the same time, the fight fans were on point. It was just a good hole in wall bar for that unknown towny scene in the outer Richmond. The service was great and the bartender was cool letting us bring take-out in there.  Also, they have a little fireplace to warm your heart on cold nights....that's right, lovers go to McKenzies'.Great for a small group without having to yell to talk.  Cheap suds and a pool table. You have to have some soaker if you're gonna have be drinking tons of cheap liquor so they have free wings and PBn'J sandwiches on special occasions.Plus one of the regulars I think has some form of tourettes and one tooth. If that doesn't say "there be regulars here", I don't know.go
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/5/2008,10/29/2008,331,322,26,24,23>"Orgasmica" is perhaps not the best word, though "Good Foreplay-ica" doesn't quite have the same ring.I probably wouldn't have liked it as much if we didn't have the floor-pillow seating, allowing for maximum intimacy and maximum views of fellow diners enjoying the intimacy too much.Petty trash-talking opportunities aside, the place reminds me of my childhood Round Table (which I loved) when it was still actually medieval-themed.$5 will get you a beer with a complimentary Pizza Orgasmica pint glass. A pint of peach pale ale (why not), one of PO's own beers, went well with my pepperoni and mushroom pizza. And about that pizza - it's just kind of OK. Salad was OK, too. It wasn't exactly cheap, but it didn't break the bank either.Food definitely takes a back seat to the atmosphere, which is probably best for groups.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2008,10/28/2008,333,230,20,22,27>Oh yes,I loooove earrings.Grandmama taught me a long time ago that the right accessories compliment and complete any ensemble. (that and how to make hot-water cornbread) I just scored a fab pair of laser cut resin shoulder grazers.I looked at a similar pair that was on display at the RenegadeCraft Faire for $55. These babies only set me back $5.They will be making their debut on the Mezzanine dance-floorat the Soul Slam party this weekend. Grandmama would be oh-so proud. . .
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2008,10/27/2008,193,301,16,27,30>Fine dining is centered around the food, but the very concept of being centered means that it must be surrounded by something. In the case of fine dining the surrounding is in fact your surroundings. The setting, the other people, these all contribute to the experience. Some of the people you are in control of (such as who you chose to go with - I chose to go with someone very dear to me, My mother, who was visiting this weekend).The experience begins as soon as you enter the door. If you arrive a few minutes early for your reservation you might be waiting for your table. This is OK, because you will be offered a cocktail while you wait, and a Hendrick's and tonic is a delightful way to pass the time while you wait. Once the Maitre d'  seats you, he will go over some highlights of the evening's menu. He implored at least one of us to order the Chocolate Souffle (which was not very hard to talk my mother in to), and gave some other highlights from the menu. While talking to us, it turned out that he was from a town just over from where my parents live. So after talking about the delightful things on the menu, he laments on not being able to get a quality hot dog, or an italian beef sandwich. Sometimes you just crave comfort food. Our server was also fantastic, as was all the staff a the restaurant. Now, I think, it is due time for me to discuss the food. Almost everything we ordered was exquisite - the oysters with caviar, the seared foie gras (ordered because soon it will be illegal - but also because it is delicious), seared scallops, roast duck and seared filet of beef were each impeccable. You might have noticed an odd number of dished above, and that was because I thought that the roast lobster my mother ordered, while good, was not quite up to the level of everything else. Or maybe it was because I was eating scallops at the time, which I much prefer. We also got a cheese course, since I saw the cheese tray with 18 or 20 choices and knew that I needed some cheese. My mother took a bit of convincing, but I told her we were sure to find some mild cheese for her, and of course they were able to deliver. The dessert we chose, the aforementioned souffle and a roast pear with with nutmeg ice cream and gingerbread were a fine way to end the meal. Because I had to drive us home, I had but the single cocktail and a glass of Rioja, but the paired wines (which they will customize to whatever you order) option seems like something I'd like to try if I should go again. The list of wines by the glass is quite decent, but the actual wine list is voluminous and there has to be something for everyone contained within it.As we were getting ready to leave the service excelled itself again. My mother was presented with a blueberry breakfast cake (I ended up eating most of it the next day, it was moist and full of delicious fruit), as well as more friendly discussion with the Maitre d', who I think my mom would adopt if she could! In general the service was remarkably friendly. They are wickedly competent but also warm and full of personality.  And that's how it should be when you are spending what you do at a place like this. The service is part of the surroundings, and in the case of Gary Danko it is truly luxurious, and worthy of my 200th review!
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2008,10/26/2008,117,342,13,14,16>I live across the street from a building where a guy in a fedora has stood outside every night between 10pm and 1am for 14 years, quietly smoking and watching the neighborhood. We call him The Sentinel.Whatever.Today one of my coworkers pulled up the Sentinel sandwich shop's Web site and recommended it. We strolled over at about 1:30. We take rather late lunches and are always hungry like dogs when we finally head out.The Sentinel is a counter, fundamentally - it offers no seating and they are in a very urban SOMA area on New Montgomery across from The Palace, in a nicely-transitioned old cigar store. I'm sure our late arrival was good because the service was super quick, nevertheless they were out of what is probably some of their best stuff at that  point in time  (the pork sandwich). Dennis Leary himself was there filling the bags - I wonder if he closes that place up and heads for Canteen on Sutter?We contemplated heading over to the Palace lobby to see if we could snag some seats and nosh there, actually. But the weather was stellar, and the line was short, and we eventually retired to some stone benches over behind that little brick church by Yerba Buena and the Jewish museum. The sandwiches were truly unique. I had one on a homemade yellow cornmeal roll. Its dense but tender crumb was lightly sweet yet robust enough for a sandwich. It was turkey meatloaf with cranberry sauce and chipotle. Where the tartness of the sweet, hugely plump cranberries ended, the warmth of the chopitle started, and all was well. The moist meatloaf was truly delicious and my tummy was happy and not disgustingly full. A generous cup of not-too-sweet lemonade rounded the meal off perfectly. I didn't crave potato chips or any other snacks and I didn't feel like passing out at my desk.We toured the little brick church afterward, noting that the first prize in their recent raffle was a 2008 mercedes benz. The second prize was a round trip ticket to the Philipines.I'd go back to the Sentinel for sure.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2005,11/19/2005,4999,1226,3,15,7>I am kicking myself for letting Canteen sit in my bookmarks for so long, we have a serious Yelp hit on our hands! I can't thank you all enough (ok specifically Patrick and Stellah, but also all the other great reviewers that got me in the door!).  The food was absolutely impeccable. I started with a delicious "lamb salad" which was really perfectly cooked slices of rare lamb with legumes and raisins. My main course was the rockfish which was perfectly cooked and spectacularly flavored (a spicy apple based sauce I believe).   The service was fantastic. I asked for a dry wine and the waiter suggested a white Rioja, this region is typically for reds so I was a bit skeptical. The wine turned out to be fabulous, better than so many french whites I've had over the years.   For dessert I went with the chocolate selection. It was stellar, served with a yummy raspberry sorbet.   The prices are a bargain for this level of service and cusine. I think it is only a matter of time before it is impossible to get in. We didn't have a reservation, but only lucked out because of a no show.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,6/24/2005,11/18/2005,22,85,13,12,6>umm...worst sex club ever! There was no one having sex. It was like 11 or something on a Saturday night. Maybe we went at the wrong time. But there were only fat dudes walking around naked with lube holsters on masturbating and following me from room to room. And respect?!?! seriously? I think all of the 12 guys there asked me to have sex repeatedly, one even followed us out! not worth the cover,  what a disappointment, and we thought we were being so naughty! Not worth the cab fair.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2005,11/17/2005,174,576,6,3,4>You have to be totally European skinny to shop here...No big McDonalds american fat asses here (ahem, like mine).  That being said, the clothes are funky fun and at times a bit 80's and the staff is fun and the racks are all appealing.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2005,11/16/2005,2,0,12,,1>I think this place is built on an ancient Indian keg party or something.  You can get loaded just by breathing the air around the joint
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2005,11/15/2005,426,592,15,3,3>Mediocre burritos are best concealed with STRAWBERRY MANGO SALSA!  3 stars...E for effort, S for salsa...I don't know what that means, but hey, no body reads my reviews anyways...who cares!
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2005,11/14/2005,103,2108,8,7,6>A word of advice - don't ever order a pie with extra cheese, because the standard amount they use is about a pound and a half more than anywhere else. This is pizza you need to eat with a knife and fork, because they're very generous with the toppings, and the crust is on the thick side to provide them with ample support. Those in the know get on line while their driver seeks street parking in an area where it's nearly impossible to find. By the time he or she joins you, your table should be ready.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2005,11/13/2005,188,404,4,5,3>Management at this particular location allows me to do my occasional shopping here through the aisles in my rollerblades and cape. What's not to like about a tolerant Food and Drug store? The location and parking make this very convenient for many.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,7/8/2005,11/12/2005,45,28,20,13,7>My friend once suggested we eat at Kitaro and I quickly punched him in the throat and set his car on  fire.  There's a reason the sushi there is so "affordable."  Good fish is not cheap.  This isn't a very difficult concept to grasp.  No restaurant can stay open long if they lose money on each piece of sushi they sell.   I understand if you like to eat there because it's inexpensive, just don't tell me that the fish is good.  There's a reason the "sushi" mentioned here are mostly rolls that mask the taste of the fish with cream cheese or hot sauce.If you want some reasonable sushi made by chinese folk, you might want to try walking a couple blocks to Blue Fin on Clement.  It's not the best in the city, but at least the fish doesn't taste a few days old.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2005,11/11/2005,84,2,6,3,3>soooooooo yummy!! you won't find any nasty orange grease at the bottom of your take-out carton. I'm very impressed. Really good & inexpensive... if there is a line, you can totally go shopping for used, tiny, 1980's-era ski jackets at a shop nearby, and once you find the perfect one, you can go right back to citrus club and they will seat you right away!should i have just stopped my review after "really good & inexpensive"?
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2005,11/10/2005,16,36,14,6,7>Looking for a view to die for? Believe it or not, the UCSF Anatomy Lab has the finest views of the Golden Gate Bridge and Golden Gate Park in San Francisco. The lab, which is on the thirteenth floor of the Medical Sciences building (no joke), runs most of the length of the building and the entire north wall is covered with giant plate glass windows. If the space wasn't an anatomy lab it would be a great place for a restaurant. If your tastes run more toward the macabre than the scenic, this is also a great place to see human skeletons, bisected heads, and amputated limbs. Just be forewarned that the odor is unlike anything you have ever smelled before and will probably leave you unable to use your nasal passages for several days afterwards.Unfortunately, admission to the anatomy lab is a bit exclusive. You must either be a UCSF student or faculty member, be the guest of a UCSF student or faculty member, or be dead.  I recommend trying the first two routes, but if you really want to donate your body to science, here's how:  anatomy.ucsf.edu/pages/w….
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2014,4/22/2014,372,233,9,20,13>For a regular cook and baker, this place is heaven sent! They say, "Never judge a book by its cover" and this totally applies to Kamei. I walked in thinking the selection was minimal and relegated to just cooking supplies. Nope! They have pretty much every utensil, gadget, and tool an everyday or professional cook needs. From general things like can openers, sifters, and whisks to specific things like brulee torches, slow cookers, and heart-shaped molds, Kamei has it. They also carry some items of interest to Asian households like red envelopes (for Chinese New Year!) or plush home slippers. (If you were raised like me, there are NO SHOES allowed in the house! *shakes head* I jest. Not really.) Nearly everything I looked at was significantly cheaper than at a big box store/chain (i.e. Target, Macy's, Williams-Sonoma, Sur La Table) or an online merchant (i.e. Amazon). As a result, I found myself in utter joy, but I also wanted to kick myself for not having visited this place sooner. To think, allll the money I could've saved had I stocked up here than accumulating through "sales" or "clearances" at Sur La Table or Target. Now, this place is definitely "no frills" and the items are totally affordable... but you know what? I don't ask questions of its affordability! Just relish in it and hope that Kamei stays thriving for years to come. One can totally spend hours here perusing through every aisle.To give you some examples of deals, I found a Fox Run six-cup mini bundt pan at Kamei for $11.99. For the same brand and product at Target and Amazon online, it was going for $16.99. A basic martini shaker that usually runs between $9-$14 at a regular department store is $5-$6 at Kamei. A food mill (for grinding thick soups, mashed potatoes, or baby food) which usually runs in the $30-$40 price range was $27 at Kamei. While they carry a lot of relatively unknown brands, they also carry a number of very popular names like Bodum. One thing I noticed about a few of their items, however, was that some packaging looked old and worn... so some things didn't look completely "fresh" from the conveyer belt. If aesthetics don't matter to you, then you're good here. If you want everything to come in a shiny and bright box, then spend that extra few bucks at Macy's. Bottom line: Kamei has affordable hardware and is a one-stop shop for the casual *or* professional cook/baker.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2014,4/21/2014,350,1062,12,19,18>2014.We start together, we finish together. - organized- hardest course (eat hills for breakfast)- awesome medal- bridge.. Nice view bad idea2:35 with injury. Had I not got injured I would have hit 2:20. Had I trained I would have hit 2:10. Overall, it was great!That course was BONKERS!!! It was tough, many hills. But a good butt kicker. The bridge was annoying... The path was too small and walkers affected people's time. It was one of my close friends first time running and damn proud of her. She has come a long ass way. She trained and dieted very well and I admire her for that. I wish I had done the same. I didn't train for anything, I didn't dedicate any train time or good diet habits (my fault), and at the end my latae muscle wasn't being nice to me.GIVE US CREDIT!!! We are proud. She, who could barely run a mile over a year ago ran 13.1 and beat her predicted time by 25 minutes on the toughest course with major hills. I, who does run but didn't train and was sick days before the race was minutes shy from my hill prediction time. At 11.2 my latae muscle was shooting pain to my right hip. Gimp-running the last couple miles... But with encouragement from her we finished... Holding hands like lesbians!! Lol. That's what good friends do!! Start together, lose each other in the middle, finish together. Be there for each other and finish strong.Impossible is possible. I'm possible.FYI, I promise myself to NEVER run a race I never trained for ever again in my life. Especially a tough course like this. I am tripping... but we finished at 2:35!!!! Pretty good for both our stories. WE ARE WINNERS!
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2014,4/20/2014,593,425,40,33,26>My hips don't lie. They're ridiculously wide and accurately depict someone who loves carbs. I clearly shouldn't be eating pasta, so if if I'm going to have some, then it'd better be worth splitting my pants over.Luckily, the spaghetti and papardelle with duck sugo were good enough to justify corpulent deformity. And I only say good enough because I have found slightly better versions of both elsewhere - Scarpetta for the former and Cotogna for the latter (with lamb ragu). Nonetheless, these were solid dishes that I'd order again.If you're not in a pasta mood, you can do what all the reviews suggest and order the octopus. However, if you want a truly memorable meal, then try the quail and Brussels sprouts. The former was the juiciest I've ever had and the latter was cooked with hazelnuts, rosemary and honey for the most flavorful explosions in my mouth. I kept on eating this despite knowing that my hips were expanding with each mouthful. By the end of my meal, I was looking pretty obese and busted. I'll probably never get laid again but I don't mind because I can always come back to allow my lips to fornicate with al dente noodles and juicy meat.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,4/19/2014,944,543,30,26,25>Home of the $5 sandwich. Forget Subway. Forget Arby's. Forget all those chain stores that serve similar sandwiches. If you're broke. Go here.If you're hungry. Go here.If you're on a budget. Go here.If you want something tasty. Go here.If you want Filipino sandwiches. Go here. If you want any kind of sandwich. Go here. If you're a cheap bastard and want to take your date to eat out. Go here. If you can't cook. Go here. If you're too lazy to cook. Go here. If you want a meal to go. Go here. If you got the flu. Don't go here. I don't want your sick ass spreading your germs all over the place. But seriously, folks. Get the Tapa and Sisig sandwiches. You can thank me later.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2013,4/18/2014,552,567,16,16,18>Four absolute stars for Saru, from a New York sushi S-N-O-B --Saru serves, unfortunately (because they frequently run out of certain seafoods), the only palatable nigiri I've found in San Francisco - where, despite an abundance of ocean, the roe is woe and the tacos easily trump the tako. The petite, reservationless counter DOES dole out the overstylized, obligatory West Coast bête noires - bbq-sauce-slathered, mango-decked rolls, as well as fusion-friendly apps (still; my turned-up-nose can't turn down the truffle-glazed hamachi crudo). But if you're looking for a proof of concept for SF nipponese, come for the stuff that Jiro dreams about ($8-$10 per pair on the otoro index; market prices and availability rule). No upsets and no regrets.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2013,4/17/2014,935,1053,13,13,14>I love tacos. In fact, I just completed my first Tacotober and am proud/ashamed to admit that I consumed 66 tacos in October. So when I saw Uno Dos Tacos open up in my hood I couldn't help but try them out. The pedigree is there (opened by the Beretta/Super Duper Burger/Delarosa folks) and while this is considered a pop up, the quick remodel of the old Pesce space is vibrant and bright. But enough about that, on to the tacos! I had one fish, one carnitas. Both extremely tasty though pretty small - think 2-3 bites per taco, and if my taconomics are correct that makes them cost about $1.50/$2.00 a bite. While not cheap, I'm ok paying a bit more for fancy pants meat and tortillas made in house.So I'm a fan, though now that Tacotober is over I might have to lay low on the taco consumption for a few weeks.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,4/16/2014,468,847,11,15,13>This might have been my first food truck experience in San Francisco!  Hard to believe when food trucks are everywhere now.  (Or maybe, I'm just old!)  But it does speak to the longevity and consistency of El Tonayense.  They serve up the best tacos with a variety of meats:Asada - BeefEl Pastor - Marinated porkPollo - ChickenPollo Asada - Grilled chickenCarnitas - Fried porkLengua - TongueCabeza - Head and cheekTripitas - TripeBuche - NeckVegetariano - VegetarianTacos are $2 each and so worth it!  And their salsa has just the right amount of spicy kick.  After all these years, El Tonayense remains as one of my favorite food trucks.  It's no frills and all about the food!  Can't ask for more than that!
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,4/15/2014,312,224,23,27,16>I live a block away from Tempest so this always ends up being my go to bar because I can easily stumble home (of course, only after getting a burger from Box Kitchen). It's a dive bar with the eclectic crowd you'll find in SOMA. This is the perfect place to come on a week night and enjoy a couple drinks with some friends. I always walk out with AT LEAST a good buzz and it's because of the following:1.)  I never have cash2.) $10 minimum on credit cards3.) Tempest's (very strong) well drinks are only $44.) Do the math, I need to get at least 3 drinks5.) After 3 drinks, I somehow end up buying shots (of course, at least $10 worth)6.) Get burger7.) Stumble homeTempest, you get me EVERY TIME.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,4/14/2014,1125,189,12,20,15>I dined at Lai Hong Lounge for dinner this past weekend, and I'm going to give it 3.5 stars. I'm going to break all of my rules when it comes to rating Chinese restaurants, but yah, I'm going to dock for oiliness and service. Maybe I'm getting grumpy and particular in my old age :]. However, the flavors, menu choices, and ingredients were all quite good.I love love love the dim sum at Hong Kong Lounge, the sister restaurant of Lai Hong Lounge, and I know that Lai Hong's high marks are from its dim sum. But, I went for dinner because sometimes you want to eat Chinese food in the morning and at night!I think the first thing that you should know about their dinner menu is that they offer a set prix fixe for parties of 4 which comes with soup, PEKING DUCK, and FOUR choices of dishes for $70. That's a pretty amazing deal, but my party of three decided to do things a la carte. They also offer yummy sounding entrees like Clay Pot Rice, which apparently takes 30 minutes to prepare, so we decided not to get it. But, if I had more time to dine, I'd definitely check that out next time. We had (see pictures):Mixed Mushroom w/ Tomago Tofu Chow Fun ($14) - Thick flour noodles served with large pieces of king mushroom and my absolute favorite kind of tofu. I've never heard it referred to as Tomago Tofu, but it is silky and eggy and braised and SO good. I really liked the flavors and concept of this dish, but it was just too oily :[. Sauteed Garlic Pea Shoots ($14) - Dou miao is always delicious, especially over rice. The veggies were fresh and sufficiently garlicky. However, again, it was just too oily for my taste.Sautéed Rex Sole Fish with Greens ($14) - Sauteed white fish tossed with leeks and peapods. I liked this dish quite a bit. It was very light, except a little too oily.Pork Potsticker ($6) - These were pretty tasty, which wasn't surprising since it is in the same category as dim sum. I'd definitely order these again. :]
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,4/13/2014,1120,159,8,16,17>Love this newspaper themed bar which pays homage to its location at the former Examiner printing room in the basement of the Hearst Building and the 50s and 60s, with its decor and music selection. Vintage typewriters can be found displayed throughout the huge, dimly lit open space with red booths lining the walls. There's a stage area in one corner where live performances happen on Saturday nights so the space is also great for events. I love the whole vibe of the place. Fun cocktails like Fidel & Che, The Chief, The Eagle...I particularly liked the Local Edition Cocktail their house drink and The Madison, forgot what was in it but it was good. It's a hidden gem right in the heart of downtown. There is a small door on the street that's easy to miss if you're not looking for it. It is right next to the T Mobile store.I like that when you come here, you forget what time it is since there are no windows. It's big and cavernous and fun. It's not stuffy and people are fun and friendly. Great ambiance!
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2011,1/15/2012,497,338,17,21,17>Pump it up- a cool place for kids of all ages!Enjoy an easy (on you, as a parent) two-hour fun-filled birthday party for your child at Pump It Up.. and why??Well, you have up to 40 minutes of fun in 3 different rooms of:*jumpy, bouncy fun*rock climbing structure*small/big slides*soccer area*basketball area*air hockeyPerks:*adults can join in on the jumpy fun, too*they take care of everything, especially the clean up *customizable package (ie opt to have food, cake, drinks, & party bags included)*a big "royal" chair is available for the birthday kid*a big bottle of hand sanitizer is available- a drop-dead serious must, especially when kids are involvedTips:*socks must be worn*other locations available (ie belmont, fremont, etc.)*cheaper if parties are held during the weekdays or weekends after 5:30pmBottom line: great place to have your kid's next birthday party!
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2011,1/14/2012,476,561,12,13,12>I love the design of this coffee shop ~ modern, clean lines, high ceiling, wide wooden chairs al fresco. (It's like being in a hip magazine.) Convenient location, near Montgomery BART.They serve beautifully tempting pastries, and other to go items, including: Strauss organic yogurt (choose two toppings) ~ my favorite to jump start the day.Until the person behind me ordered, I didn't realize that there are two kinds of mochas. One made of Guittard chocolate and the other, listed under their Specialty coffees, made of Recchiuti. I had their standard Guittard  ~ a nice, mellow flavor. (Although my favorite is the one I had for my 500th review; I prefer bittersweet.)Coffee Bar is also a place to find gifts ~ they sell Five Mountains Tea (known for their 'heirloom organic' quality), Three Spoons Bakery brownies (I got this for my friend whom I found out doesn't like brownies. I'm not sure if he was just being kind, but he said he liked them for being more chocolatey than brownie-like).A great place to treat yourself for all the hard work you do. Go on, you deserve it :)
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2011,1/13/2012,888,264,24,27,23>5 Reasons WHY HOPR remains a winner in my book[marks].I. COST of QUALITYIts affordable, not your cheapest steak dinner, but well worth for the quality of prime rib you get. Depending on your cut, $35-40 gets you a mouth watering slab of well-marbled, fine aged, melt in your mouth dripping with au jous, succulent cut of damn good prime rib!II. GLUTTONYou won't leave hungry, or for that matter get hungry for the next 24 hours if you get seconds, and yes, they're seconds. Furthermore, it's complimentary! Who wants fatty desserts when you can another helping of fine prime rib? P.S. - Oh, there's desserts too. III. TRIMMINGSI love the sides: loaded baked potato, mashed tatters, creamed spinach, corn, yorkshire pudding, and even their beet salad, and I hate greens, rawr!IV. ATTIREHOPR is definitely a causal-wear restaurant, despite the fine medieval atmosphere. And yeah.. your wondering, "I want fancy this" and "look sexy that". Well, there's a time and place for that, like at a cozy french restaurant sampling foie gras and caviar with a tiny spoon, but your here to feed your inner CARNIVORE, so get that s#$t outta here! A fine meal without the fine class.P.S. - You can order fish too.. but don't be a pansy! V. PATIENCEDuring my most recent visit to HOPR:(5:19PM, Friday)OpenTable available reservations for 3: 5:30PM | 8:30PM | 9:00PMI was looking for the earliest so I took the 5:30PM, but found out a buddy wanted to join us.(5:21PM)Searched OpenTable for available reservations for 4:8:30PM | 9:00PM | 10:00PM err.. I'll call them instead.(5:24PM)Called HOPR, adjusted to a table for 4, told them we were going to be running late (obviously) -- all done without any problems whatsoever.(5:36PM)3 of the 4 of our party arrived but since it was so last minute, our 4th was definitely going to be late. HOPR staff was attentive and just asked us to relax and wait in the lounge and it wouldn't be a problem.(6:18PM) yep.. 42 minutes later.Our 4th finally arrived and after notifying the gentlemen in front, we were escorted to our seats not a minute later. So yup, all you gotta do is make a reservation, it's not hard., and they'll hold your table for you, even when your running [very] late! CINCO  REASONS CINCO STARS!P.S. - Go King's Cut or Go Home!
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2011,1/12/2012,301,325,13,19,16>ahn sushi & soju has their customer service on LOCK. nobody does it better than these kids. they've only got five yelp reviews so far, but ALL of them are 5-star and ALL of them mention the great service. clearly, despite having only been open for three weeks, AS&S already has their ish together. and despite being located in the heart of the 'loin, this is somewhere i plan to frequent. fiending for some kimchi fried rice, i stopped in for an early dinner. as i said, i was early, and the rice not yet cooked, so i was told i could order something else if i preferred not to wait. but i opted to stay and check it out, and was rewarded with on-the-house green tea and edamame for my downtime.the kimchi fried rice was perfectly spicy, flecked with flavorful, diced pork, and as many of my dinners are these days, topped with an egg. i prefer a runny yolk, and while this egg was well-done, i'm sure that had i specified, that the kitchen would be happy to oblige. from my place at the bar, i had a pleasant view of the sushi chefs preparing their mise en place and some very fresh looking fish. chatting briefly with the very pretty proprietor (so should've asked your name - sorry!), she informed me that they are working on extending their hours until 2am, and will soon start delivery services until midnight. i look forward to returning to try some of their delicious-sounding rolls and korean bbq very soon!
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2011,1/11/2012,975,3275,19,20,25>Super charming. Perfect for a super mom.I'll forever be paying my mom back. She somehow had the patience to raise what I'd consider a good person despite once being a petulant teenager. For putting up with my rule breaking. The fights over staying out late. Demanding the latest video game. General disregard for her authority. I could go on and on.She's the best mom ever. And it was a pleasure to take her to tea. Especially at Rose.You could mistake it for a flower shop. They are everywhere, especially roses. One of the most unexpected places was the petals in our excellent Chamomile Celebration tea. It was a very nice touch.Mom and I disagreed on which full sized sandwiches to get. But instead of yelling at one another like it was 1994, we agreed to get both the smoked salmon and the roasted eggplant. We loved both. Where was this spirit of compromise back in the day?We finished with the an upside-down cake featuring pears. We almost fought again. This time for the last bite.All of it was reasonably priced. Service was super friendly. Surroundings are full of flowers.I let mom decide the final rating of four or five stars. She enthusiastically said five. That makes Rose kid tested, mother very much approved.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2011,1/10/2012,969,380,42,53,48>A small piece of New Orleans right here in San Francisco, Boxing Room comes from the family of Absinthe and Comstock. There is no bluegrass playing or banjo jamming but flows of bluesy jazz fills the dining room. It's one part minimalistic and one part rustic.The menu was filled with creole favorites using California ingredients and our table overflowed with Crispy Boudin Balls Deep-Fried Alligator, Crawfish Étouffée, and Fried Shrimp Seafood Po'Boy with Hushpuppies. The addictive little Crispy Boudin Balls were filled with dirty rice and bits of sausage then fried to a golden brown and dipped in a remoulade. (yelp.com/biz_photos/bgop…) Deep-Fried Alligator, battered quite thick, was a bit dry and had only touches of gaminess. I prefer fried alligator to use the fattier tail meat that a bit more moist. (yelp.com/biz_photos/bgop…) The Crawfish Étouffée was a bowl of comfort food heaven. Chunks of crawfish swam in a spicy, savory broth and topped with steaming brown rice. (yelp.com/biz_photos/bgop…)The Fried Shrimp Po'Boy was my favorite of the night. Cornmeal battered shrimp piled high on a chewy, crackly French bread with all of your New Orleans po'boy fixings. (yelp.com/biz_photos/bgop…) I love the crispy, light texture of cornmeal batter. The shrimps were cooked to a perfect medium/medium well and lent this fresh crunch to every bite. I must say this po'boy is even better than Brenda's famous version. The po'boy was served with hushpuppies and our sweet waitress took the liberty to split the dish for us. (yelp.com/biz_photos/bgop…)A dinner is amazing when you are planning multiple returns and deciding what to order on the next visits while you are still enjoying your meal. (And it's Hog's Head Cheese, Fried-Pacific-Oyster Salad, Smoked Chicken & Andouille Gumbo, Smothered Okra and Gulf Shrimp, Southern Fried Chicken, Green Tomato Ratatoulle, Red Beans & Sausage, Corn Bread Muffins and Beignets on our next visits by the way.)
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,1/8/2012,168,259,14,18,20>Holyjesusmeat this place is a carnivores dream!  Now me, I've only been eating meat for a short time, maybe about a year or less, and I'm also pretty petite, so the odds were stacked against me.  Definitely good to have a big meat eater with you.We were seated right away and right next to the salad/side bar.  Score.  There was no way I would have been able to walk back & forth from table to bar without tripping and falling making an ass out of myself (yay for being an accident prone pro).  I went light with the salad, as advised by our waiter, and only had a small amount of rice as my continuous hot side.  After getting situated our waiter went over how everything works including the little red/green flipper for meat.  Careful with that thing.  As soon as we flipped it to green we were getting meat dropped on us left and right - we had to take breaks in between.The filet was good, as was the beef ribs, flap steak and the chicken wrapped in bacon.  All had incredible flavor and was seasoned so well, I got seconds of the ones I favored the most.  The grilled shrimp was also good but too salty for my taste.  After those four, I had to pass on the other meats, I was stuffed.  I mean happily STUFFED.  ......but not too stuffed for dessert.  The dulche de leche ice cream was liplicking delicious - like moan a little delicious.  And it came in this fantastic thin cookie cup that went perfect with it.  Great food, rockstar waiter, fun experience.  It's not cheap but I thought it was worth the price.  And if you know someone who is a big meat eater, this place is perfect.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2011,1/7/2012,1141,417,15,19,18>i've been to shabu house multiple times but i've never written a review, so i guess it's about that time!  i had my birthday dinner here and they were able to accommodate a large group of 20 people.  it's hard to find places in the city that are able to hold so many people for one party while taking on other patrons.  everyone in your party has to do all you can eat if one person in your party does.  it's actually a better value considering one large plate of kobe beef is $18.99, so you might as well eat to your heart's content.  if you have vegetarians in your group (which i had about 5 of them that night) they are able to do an all you can eat menu for them as well.  they include additional veggies such as kamboucha squash and cucumbers to this plate.  this option also is priced $10.00 less than the carnivore option of all you can eat.you can choose from spicy miso or chicken ginger (why get boiling water?)  you can mix your own sauce with the garlic, daikon, and green onions they give you on the side.the all-you-can-drink option is always a plus considering a large sapporo/kirin/asahi cost $5.00-$6.00 by itself.  our servers were very patient and accommodating and we always had food and drinks at our table at all times!
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2011,1/6/2012,585,268,13,19,15>I'm down for dim sum any day.There are no carts here but the ladies walk around with trays of food. I usually try to arrive after 1:00 PM to avoid the rush but I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes for a table. I like the dim sum here. It tastes fresh and it's pretty inexpensive. It's kind of small, but like I mentioned, I've never had to wait too long. The servers are not overly pushy and  you can order from the dim sum menu, if you don't see anything you want coming around. We had a number of different items during our last visit, all were good but I highly recommend the roasted duck and the scallop dumplings, super yum!I'm grateful that I work close to Hung To and that they have a private parking lot, which is FREE.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2011,1/5/2012,224,231,14,17,16>Lisa W. and I came here to nosh and drink before heading to catch a show at the Fillmore. Luckily for her, she lives about a block or two away.It's super cozy and warm here. I liked the chill vibe and instantly thought this is a spot you can bring anyone for any occasion. For $35, we split:3 sliders - melt-in-your-mouth good and they came with a small cup of jalapenos Mac n' cheese - some of the best I've had. We asked for a refill on the jalapenos to add some heat to the mac. Yes, that's how we roll. 2 Deschutes pale ales on tapThey have quite the extensive beer list as well so thumbs up to that. I can't wait to come back!
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2009,8/1/2009,399,555,28,26,29>I'm following a rather protein-heavy diet of late and today's menu called for cattle, so I decided to finally give L&L a try. First off, it's a good value. My order of top-quality beef was BBQ'd to perfection, and the mini-size was not only generous enough for lunch, but only set me back $6. It came with sides of chilled macaroni salad and steamed rice ... but I passed those blasted carbs to my colleague. Anyway, it was a satisfying meal and I'll be back. Mahalo! Or for you Hawaiian thugs out there -- Ma-HOLLA!
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2008,7/31/2009,636,190,33,28,27>Gold Dust Lounge is more dust than gold....and for that, I'm a fan!Now don't get me wrong....the place is an absolute must in the Union Square area. I'm just saying its totally unpretentious, cheap, and divey which is just what that foofy/over priced area needs. Come for the cheap booze and stay for the sassy bartenders:"I cought him looking at threee women. I wouldn't have minded but they were some ugly bitches." "Bye, thanks for leaving! *whew* I love a (semi) empty bar." Me: I'll have the corn beef sandwitch on sour dough and a margarita. Bartender: Can't do it, I'm way too busy. Go around the corner to Lefty O'Douls for that. They have a huge selection of sandwitches and you can bring it in here. So besides the $2.95 Irish Coffees, $2.95 Margaritas, the joint is just a great place to take in the quirky and funny bartenders. Most people would call them too snarky for their taste, but this former New Jerseyean appreciates that good old piss and vinegar of a real dive bar. Decor reminds me a old plush strip club. Along the wall is a long red couch w/ several small tables next to it. Intimate seating for a chill 3rd date. The place is very well lit; chandeliers and wall mounted lamps add to that feeling of faded glam/glitz, as does the several oil paintings haning on the walls. I have probably come here 3 times and the place never gets over packed. I have never come here on a weekday lunchtime date, but I heard the "talent" level is truly something to behold....some day...some day.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2009,7/30/2009,1315,471,30,30,32>One, two--chachacha!Three, four--chachacha!Five, six--chachacha!Seven, eight--chachacha!Eight glasses.  That's about how much Sangria one will consume if you split a pitcher between two people, and yes, it is MORE than enough to give you a good, long-lasting buzz!  Their Sangria is tangy, yet oh-so-sweet, and you can really taste the fresh fruit juices inside.  Even though it tastes like a light red wine, don't be fooled; its a creeper!If you're a lightweight when it comes to alcohol, you're given plenty of bread and butter to soak it up.  However, there's nothing along the Mission that's better in dipping that bread in, than the CAJUN SHRIMP!  Juicy, tender shrimps marinating in a creamy, lightly spiced dipping sauce; heaven on Mission Street!Their food portions are decent, considering the $8-$11 price tags.  Here are the items I've tried so far:BBQ CHICKEN OR PORK QUESADILLA with salsa, guacamole, & sour cream ($8.25): Tasted good and was fulfilling, however I'd rather order the Cajun Shrimp dip and bread.  LECHON ASADO roast leg of pork seasoned in adobe criollo; with Spanish rice, black beans, & fried sweet plantain ($14.25): Good portion, meat was a bit bland, but the rice and beans were delicious, and the fried sweet plantain was a sweet ending.I came here on a slow day, a Sunday, for lunch, and it was chill, laid back atmosphere.  The bartender doubled as our waitress and she was very pleasant.  I came here on a busy night, a Friday, for appetizers and drinks, and the wait for only 2 people was already an hour long!  The best alternative to waiting in line, other than waiting to snatch a bar stool, is heading back towards the kitchen and grabbing a seat at the counter where its 1st come, 1st served, and these usually become available faster than the tables.  Another bonus for sitting here, is that you're right where all the action is, and ALL the servers are at your service making sure to keep bread on the table and you don't have to wait for whatever else you need!  Not to mention you get to see the cooks take tequila shots. The one thing that I like most about Cha Cha Cha's, is that its a great place to celebrate any occasion, whether it be casual business, birthdays or before a big night in town.  You will see both young and old, gay and straight, and folks dressed from sexy, little black dresses to flip-flops and a t-shirt.  Everyone comes to Cha Cha Cha, and so should you!Nine, ten--chachacha!
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2009,7/29/2009,3057,2814,26,40,35>I'm not sure what took me so long to try this place since I loves me an overflowing lobster roll with plenty of mayo. Anchor & Hope has one, and of course, there's always the Old Port Lobster Shack. But I have to tell you the best one in the Bay Area is to be had right here at the Woodhouse Fish Company. For those unacquainted with prices for fresh lobster, you may suffer a bit of sticker shock. A three-ounce one costs $16.95. Double the volume and you pay $24.95 (see my photo). Do it. You're worth it. Succulent pieces of lobster are yours for the taking. Here's a thought...when you go with a good friend like Maggie, decide on a game plan to have one order the three-ounce and the other the MEGA-Lobster Roll. That way, you can scoop the goodness in a MEGA into the smaller roll. Everyone wins. They all come in toasted top-loading buns with a pile of hot fries and fresh slaw. Ambrosia from the bottom of the sea. Please don't tell me lobsters are bottom feeders...that would break my heart and rip my stomach apart. Add a third good friend, Sherry, and now you have an opportunity to order the $15.50 platter of Fried Whole-Belly Ipswich Clams (see my photo). Succulent...oh, I said that already. Sherry went off the beaten track and ordered the more reasonably priced Bay Shrimp and Avocado Roll at $9.95 (see my photo). It was tasty in a fresh Califonia way, but I just needed me the lobster, y'know.If you are dining alone, no need to fret. You can do what I did and order a $4.95 cup of Clam Chowder....buttery but not overly creamy and chock full of clams, potatoes and other goodies (see my photo). The place is small and rather cramped, but arriving there at 6:30 on a Wednesday evening, we had no trouble getting a table. FOOD - 5 stars...fresh lobster roll...no need for me to go further AMBIANCE - 4 stars...clean and white like Edelweiss but also compact and cramped...you may be waiting on a weekend SERVICE - 4.5 stars...friendly and fast TOTAL - 5 stars...did I mention the fresh lobster roll?
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2009,7/28/2009,679,81,22,27,28>I am not much of a bar fly. In fact, I am not really much a fan of anything that doesn't involve me in my pajamas and my bed watching It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. However, there are those rare special occasions when I am willing to replace the slippers with 5 inch stripper heels and grace SF's nightlife with my presence. As the special-est of all occasions, my birthday definitely qualified as a leave-the-house night, so I decided to throw myself a little "P" Party at 83 Proof. I reserved the mezzanine for my party, though we ended up taking over the entire bar. The Event Coordinator Nika was friendly, quick to respond to all of my questions, and very easy to work with. When deciding on my "P" Party venue, I had a few requirements:1. Ample Seating (bar stools, tables and chairs, and couches and chairs in the mezzanine area upstairs, check!)2. Delicious, and affordable drinks ($5 for a Greyhound? Yes, please! Thank you to the bartenders for indulging my demands for something delicious with vodka that starts with P, and making a different P drink each time)3. Hot Bartenders (check and check!)4. Spacious and clean bathrooms (my friends and I have an affinity for scandalous bathroom photo shoots, check!)5. A separate area available for reserving, without having to reserve the entire bar (mezzanine, check!)83 Proof fit the bill for all my criteria, and I liked it so much I might be inclined to turn off Sunny and break out the stripper heels more often. Thank you to Nika, Marc and Sky for a fantastically amazing birthday! And of course, thank you to all my wonderful "P" clad friends for helping me celebrate!
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2009,7/26/2009,449,396,39,31,35>The handsome young man who helps Anthony out at the cash register made me blush this weekend.  His eyes were so intense and his smile was so charming, I couldn't help but get flushed in the face...all the while the SO was standing next to me!  Even though the SO was totally oblivious to the entire situation, I felt guilty...Sorta.But I felt even more guilty for devouring the three cookies I bought in a matter of seconds.  Cookies and cream, banana walnut, and semi-sweet chocolate chip (listed in order of preference).  The cookies and cream cookie was by far my favorite of the three.  The banana walnut was a fun cakey cookie to eat, and I've had better chocolate chip cookies in my days.  The cookies were warm and fresh out of the oven, it was hard to resist from eating them all in one sitting.I also loved how they enthusiastically greeted each customer who entered the store.  I'd definitely be back, just without the SO next time.  Just kidding...Sorta.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2009,7/25/2009,2747,1075,68,42,47>Oh Sabine, why do you do this to me?  I know, I cooperated willingly.  No sooner had we met than you showed me your toys and props.  You sweet-talked me into putting myself into an awkward position.  You urged me on as I pushed my body to its limits.  You stayed with me as I reached dizzying new heights.  At one point, you even had me hanging on ropes off the wall!  When it was all over, I was completely exhausted.  You did all of this in plain sight of my wife, and then you had the nerve to ask me if you would see me again.  And so help me, something deep inside me says, "Yes."
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2008,7/24/2009,567,250,41,46,51>I'm sitting at one of the communal tables along side Peet's and Book Passage. I'm munching on chips and guacamole from Mijita while leafing through my National Geographic Adventure Travel Mag.I get that prickly feeling that I'm being stared at, so I look up and around. A young businessman has his eyes glued on me. His bluetooth is hooked into his ear and he is talking to someone in mobile space, but staring straight at me.I look around for another seat, but it's lunch time and all the seats are snatched up.I decided to give him a palms up hand gesture that really means "WTF are you looking at?" The freakin' guy doesn't flinch and keeps staring at me like a zombie.Then, I realize. He's staring at me, but he really doesn't see me. He's seeing right through me like I am an inanimate object. Ugghhh...flashback to highschool of that one guy I had a crush on. He would borrow my homework all the time and say thanks, but looked right through me. *sigh*Anyways, I'd be a freakin' liar if I said the Ferry Building was less than 5 stars. Yeah, yeah, I know, everything is expensive and it's a so-called tourist trap. But, tourists are the funniest people to watch. It's like Chevy Chase's family in Vacation.If you are a true food aficionado, you gotta love this place. There's Sur La Table that offers wonderful products and food demonstrations. You also have Boccalone for flavorful salami, Mastrelli's Delicatessen for Italian imported goods, and I Preferiti D Boriana for imported goods from Tuscany. You can cook up a gourmet Italian meal with all this good stuff!Lets not forget the delicious "Gourmet" snack food from places like Recchiuti Confections where you can buy hand made in SF artisan chocolates, Miette for the moist cupcakes, Ciao Bella Gelato for well...gelato, and Frog Hollow Farms for their pastries, fruit, and cherry chocolate walnut cookies. YUM!There's a bunch of restaurants to enjoy from a variety of cuisines. Then of course the Farmer's Market. Support your local growers!Overall: If you are a foodie, you won't be able to deny that you love this place. This is a wonderful place to gallivant or a great hang out to relax and people watch during lunch. Don't forget to indulge on some of the delicious bites that the Ferry Building has to offer.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2009,7/23/2009,814,137,26,32,37>This past weekend, I fell in love with an older woman twice my age.  But wait, before you start calling me a "man whore," alert the AARP, or start throwing fresh vine ripen tomatoes at me, let me defend myself - or at least try.After scouring the Yelp boards, I had come across a sandwich shop.  Hip hoping through the North Beach district, I had finally arrived.  With an elegant signage, I was excited to finally encounter this sandwich shop that had gained so much hype.  Growing up in Brooklyn delis, I expected a broad shouldered Italian butcher waiting to take my order.Instead, a bright smiley faced petite Asian woman greeted me.  Despite being around my mother's age, her gentle smile and tender tone of voice reminded me of someone with a child-like heart.  Perhaps, her smirk gave me hope that she had not been jaded by failure or broken relationships in this so ever complex world. Nevertheless, she introduced her menu.  "I'll have the turkey with Swiss on ciabatta."  Arriving warm, the bread started the symphony.  Nutty notes from melted Swiss cheese paired well with the turkey slices.  Minor notes that amplified the experience included a dressing with tartness and sweetness, all from the mix of mustard and honey.  My stomach was filled, but my questions in regards to the popularity of this place left unanswered.  As I dug deeper, I found more treasures.  Arriving from Korean in the seventies, Young started working in corporate America.  Trying to adjust to a foreign culture and not being confident since she did not speak English well, she recalls the few nights she stayed up crying.  Instead of keeping her face down against the pillow, she took English courses.  After a corporate lay off, she decided to start her sandwich store around fifteen years ago.As each and every sentence she uttered linked into a triumphant story, I want to give her a vibrant hi-five.  All the while, I saw repeat customers come and go.  Young knew each person's name and greeted them with a constant smile. Perhaps in this climate of layoffs and uncertainty, a gesture of respect, acknowledgement and comfort food comes a long way. Despite having offers to expand, Young wanted to keep this place to herself. In short, Young had provided "soul food" sandwiches.  Not only did she serve good food, she was my comfort food provider, unofficial shrink, and a constant giver of radiant energy.  Much more, Young's story is more about an immigrant who went through hurdles but never stopped trying.As an immigrant from Hong Kong, I gained a new spot for sandwich but more importantly, a new perspective on life.  Slowly with my head up, I exited as if the world was still ahead of me.  P.S.: My next stop is Ike's for sammies.  The last time I saw Ike, we were playing kick ball in middle school.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2009,7/22/2009,137,415,57,64,40>There aren't a lot of affordable hot tub experiences where a couple like my partner and I can go and luxuriate in a clean, private bath and avoid reality for an hour of our day.I know what you're thinking:  Yup, people have sex here.  There.  I've said it.  Let's move on.  After all, some of us go here for other reasons besides sex.The entry is pleasant, with a water feature that immediately soothes you.  The women behind the front desk are friendly, attentive, and polite.  BRING CASH, since they don't accept credit card or personal checks.  And unless you want to shell out $2.50 for a plastic bottle of water, bring your own in your bag.After you pay, they'll escort you to a room, hand you a key and towels, turn on the sauna if you'd like to use it, and leave you to your hot tub experience.  There are radios in each of the rooms, which is nice, since you can pick out whatever music you'd prefer to listen to while soaking and relaxing.  We always go for the classical music station, 102.1.There's a couple of hangers with which to hang up your clothing and a bed to lay everything else down on.  I'm sure people use the bed for all sorts of things, but we basically  put our bags down so they don't get wet on the floor.The tubs are just big enough to be comfortable for two people.  The rooms are WHEELCHAIR ACCESSIBLE, as is the public bathroom in the entry lobby of this business (there aren't individual bathrooms in the rooms).I'm sure some prostitutes come here with their clients, but I mostly see normal-looking couples who don't look as though they are exchanging money for the pleasure of one another's company.Be warned that while each room has a shower that you can use after your soak to rinse off the chlorine, using it can make the floor super-slippery (I once slipped and fell here...don't worry, partner was there to catch me!).  I'd recommend reserving the showering off thing for when you get back to your home!Since this is less expensive than Kabuki for two people, doesn't generally have a long waiting list to get in, and allows a co-ed couple to be in a hot tub together without the annoyance of bathing suits, I highly recommend this incredibly relaxing experience!Although I'm quite sure many of you will go here for sex anyway.  Ahh, well, I tried :)
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/24/2013,6/12/2013,935,1053,11,24,13>It was the best of times, it was the worst of times...ok, sorry to go all Dickens on you but felt that was a proper way to start a review of a very uneven meal at Coqueta.First off, the good:-I love the space, it feels both brand new and lived in for years at the same time.-My Barca Gintonic had a refreshing, floral/herbal flavor.-The chef's selection of meats and cheeses was top notch.-The Grilled berico Secreto was melt in your mouth piggy goodness.- The Grilled Razor Clams were pretty much perfect.And now, the bad:-We waited 45 minutes past our 8:30pm reservation time. I know you're a new restaurant and there might be people camping out but when you keep someone waiting that long who has a reservation it might be a nice gesture to offer a cocktail or appetizer, anything actually to acknowledge the wait. One of the hostesses seemed very sympathetic but the rest of the staff came across very nonplussed.-The restaurant had a serious wind tunnel going on, every time the door opened up there was a freezing breeze felt from the hostess stand throughout the restaurant.-We tried ordering a number of items that they ended up being out of. I get the fact that you run out of something but tell us as we're looking over the menu so we don't get our hearts set on something that you no longer have.-Some of the food items were laughably small when it came to portion size. I'm looking at you calamari and you baby beets pintxos.Overall, I was pleased that I was able to try Coqueta so soon after opening but I won't be rushing back until the buzz has died down and the restaurant finds itself in a better groove.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,6/11/2013,202,391,5,13,11>There's only a small handful of Philz Coffee shops in the city. I don't see why the Civic Center/ Tenderloin/ Van Ness Ave area needs another one. There's already one on Van Ness and Eddy, just a mere three blocks away. However, what I particularly like about this Philz location is the design. It's more spacious. There's more waiting room for your drink. There's plenty of tables and a few couches. And most importantly, it's not as crowded. The only downside is that it's close to the Tenderloin, so walking here from downtown is a stink-fest.The difference between the small and large mint mojito ice coffee is only 50 cents, so it's worth the upgrade. The drink has a plethora of yummy flavors and textures -- slightly sweet, minty from a generous handful of fresh mint leaves, and creaminess that isn't watered-down from too much ice. Once I get bored of the mint mojito, I'll try their other specialties... but honestly, does anyone get tired of this popular Philz drink?Service is very friendly and welcoming, as always. Baristas take a while to make the drinks; however, the reason they take 10+ minutes for just one drink is because the quality is top-notch. They make it right in front of you, one cup at a time.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,6/10/2013,183,169,10,16,12>Lets be honest, cheap shoes aren't good and good shoes aren't cheap!I love Gallettis as much as I love my shoes...they have a perfect relationship, my shoes and Gallettis...I have been coming for two years and they do an excellent job repairing shoes and purses that you might think un-repairable. I have taken Louboutin's to Steve Madden's here and they have always taken great care to fix the shoe better than when I had first bought them.  They work quickly and usually complete work within a day with shoes carefully wrapped in tissue paper.I have been told that the head cobbler (this is a family business) would like to retire and I worry for the day that happens.About $22 for full repair on a pair of shoes.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,6/9/2013,215,135,10,14,13>For the past few weeks I've tried to figure out what place I'd like to dedicate my 100th review to. Last night it hit me: BISOU!!!I've been here a handful of times for brunch, and every visit has always been a memorable one with friends. I first came here to celebrate my birthday two years ago, and I found myself here again as part of this year's birthday weekend itinerary. In my opinion, it is the perfect place to experience "Sunday Funday w/ bottomless mimosas & brunch" in the city - you're visiting from out of town? It's your birthday? Oh, you want to catch up over drinks? Let me take you here! (I'm definitely guilty of it all...)----Brunch Highlights-----Service: always friendly, always timely. Making reservations online and over the phone with them has never been problematic for me. I made reservations for 9 last Sunday and I thought I had to put down a credit card but the gentleman politely refused, just asked us to get to the restaurant on time.-Ambiance: dance music in the background with a similar feel like Lime (R.I.P.), but not as wild. One bar area, main floor that accommodates for seating big groups, and a second floor upstairs where you can see the action going on below. I prefer sitting on the main floor since it seems roomier.-Food: My brunch faves are the crab benedict, croque veggie or madame, bisou burger (all come with sauteed potatoes and salad), and the french toast if you want something sweet. I see other reviews complaining about portions - you're in a french restaurant so I think you shouldn't expect heaps of food like in american restaurants. Eat beforehand or have a drunken binge after your stop here then.-Drinks: $12 bottomless mimosa or bloody mary. Servers constantly brought out new pitchers to our table. If you're on a mission to get drunk, it will be accomplished.Overall: A great place for Sunday brunch & daytime drinking if you want that kind of atmosphere. I heard dinner at Bisou is pretty delicious, so I'll need to try that sometime as well! Enjoy!
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,6/8/2013,655,244,9,12,9>Something about the cold weather makes me crave ice cream. Maybe because it's something that's colder than me, thus making me think I'm actually warmer than I am. Enter Smitten. On the particular night we went, there were three flavors: Mint Chip with Tcho Chocolate, Vanilla and Sticky Toffee Pudding. I usually go for the most unique and sweet sounding choice so the last one was my pick. After our individual batch was made and all the smoke subsided, I took to the spoon and was delighted that this ice cream was the smoothest I've ever had and it wasn't super sweet. It was a perfect combo of dates and toffee swirled in some of the most delicious vanilla. After experiencing and being spoiled by so many wonderful ice cream shops around the bay area (and being Bi-Rite's neighbor!), it was refreshing to still be able to be surprised by this dessert.Happy 2013 everyone!
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,6/7/2013,1284,595,9,15,12>Bluestem Brasserie is located in Union Square and like most restaurants in Union Square, I was expecting it to be overpriced with mediocre food. My parents were in town for New Year's Day and they wanted to do brunch with the kids. Given that it was NYD and we were making plans the week before, there weren't a whole lot of options, Bluestem Brasserie being one of the few. We decided to snatch the reservation up but again, my expectations were pretty low.When we arrived around 11AM, the place was not very crowded. There were a lot of empty tables, which I was surprised by. I was sure it was going to be packed with hoards of hungover bridge and tunnels. We were sat upstairs by pleasant service staff and that's when my preconceived notions took a drastic turn towards love and obsession.The menu is small but packs a powerful punch. I ordered the brussel sprouts and sweet potato salad with pork belly and we ordered their pancake breakfast for the table. My salad was fresh, unique, with great flavor and texture. The buttermilk pancakes were some of the best I've had in a restaurant, ever. They even rival Dotti's which if you've had Dotti's pancakes, know that a statement like that speaks VOLUMES. After we finished I continued to be baffled that people weren't lining out the door for this place but this time for different reasons. I think it's relatively unknown that this could be a brunch hot-spot, which is good for someone like me who will be back and probably won't have to wait.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/5/2013,6/6/2013,210,136,10,15,12>Sure, there are quite a few Shanghai noodle and dumpling shops that reside on Taraval street... but what makes this place different from the rest?  Oodles & oodles of hand-pulled noodles... and when I say oodles & oodles of noodles... I mean it... like long, long strands of never-ending noodles... so many noodles that by the time you get midway... u'll notice that there are still HELLAEVA bunch left! FOOD & TASTE:"Spicy Pork Noodle" ...comes with ground pork, bean sprouts, spicy chilies, and choice of white or green noodles.  Taste?  Not bad... flavor kind of dissipates... I've had better in Vegas.  Wow, did I just say that?  :-/"Pork & Vegetable Wonton w/ Noodle" ...is just what it is, wontons in noodle soup with bok choy, and choice of white or green noodles.  I mistakenly ordered this... thinking it would be Pork & Vegetable Noodle soup, which I later found out (by reading the Chinese) that I should have ordered the "Muster Pork Noodle" instead.  :-/  Taste?  Well, I really enjoyed the chewiness of the noodles!  Hand pulled noodles... can't beat that!"Shanghai Steam Pao" ...funny, I've never seen "STEAM PAO" for XLB.  Apparently, they even have a sign on the wall too, haha!  So as for taste... Kingdom of Dumpling still tops the winner of XLB on Taraval st.  The steam pao here were pipping hot, full of flavor, but what happened to my soup?  :-/CONVENIENCE: *** [CASH only... sucks, for Wells Fargo customers, but BofA & Chase are just up the block.  Parking can be easy... metered or 2hr. residential spots.]AMBIANCE: **** [Small resto, open space, high ceilings... my sis mentioned that it looks just like the ramen place, only thing different is the food.]SERVICE: **** [They must have read the previous Yelp reviews, cuz the gal was consistently checking up on us... ready to order, any questions, refill on tea, and boxes to go.]PRICE:  $  [$4.95 for (6) XLB, $5.95-$6.95 for noodle soups.]OVERALL: ***/* [3.5-stars... Not bad... not great... but does the job.]NOTE: Ask for some scissors to cut the never-ending noodles... cuz slurping ain't gonna cut them for u!  Nuff said.[#14 of 100 YELP CHALLENGE 2013]
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2013,6/5/2013,676,1583,22,21,16>I wasn't really a fan of fake meat until the last couple of years. I developed a food allergy (to shrimp so sad) so some fake meat is okay. I've been eating vegetarian more often than I realized. I don't do it on purpose, it just happens. I'm still an omnivore (first love will always be bacon) but I love a good vegetarian meal.Fast forward to my gays taking me here. One is a vegetarian while the rest of us are omnivores. Source does the fake meat thing, and they actually do it well.I was pleasantly surprised by how amazing that Shepherds pie was! SO FLAVORFUL AND TASTY. Not to mention that it actually tasted like meat! Pizza was a big hit with our group as well.Drinks are a bit pricey, and I was not a fan of the weird hippie art crap looping on the walls. Kind of out of place... I came to eat, not experience a faux acid trip?Anyway, I still like it.If you were here recently and a bunch of Asians were disturbing your peace because 3 loud Asians boys and a loud ass Asian chick were talking about sausages (and you know what kind I am talking about) well , SORRY but I am not sorry. Enjoy! Give this place a shot.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,6/4/2013,2534,499,20,25,31>Been coming here on and off over the years for as long as I can remember.  Megan behind the bar here has always been my favorite...she totally rocks and makes a good place even better.  She has a sweet personality and a wonderful rapport with all her patrons...regardless of whether you are a first-timer or a crusty old regular, she always makes everyone feel welcome and comfortable.  Naturally, there is a full bar, but in addition, there are also three kinds of house punch here...House, Go Go, and Victorian.  Surprisingly, all three are good and way better than you might expect for any pre-made punch.  Victorian is my favorite with House a close second, followed by the Go Go.  Way stronger than you might expect and if you come during happy hour, only $3.50...what a deal!A corner bar with plenty of glass area for people watching, Hobson's Choice has always retained a fun, lively vibe.  An ecelectic crowd hangs in this haunt...a little of everything in here with locals rubbing elbows with tourists and everything else in-between.   A nice cross-section of humanity with whom to interact and imbibe. I was going to make this review a four, but because of Megan and the outstanding service from all the staff, reasonable Happy Hour pricing, plus all the fun times I always seem to have in here, I'll bump it up a star.  Definitely in the top three of my favorite bars to drink at in the upper Haight.Enjoying a rum punch and engaging in lively banter is a decades old tradition here at Hobson's in the Haight...long may it last so that future generations can enjoy it for decades to come!
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,6/3/2013,631,981,27,35,33>There's something really cool about the jury selection process at the California Superior Court facility at 850 Bryant ... 2-1/2 hour lunch breaks!  Okay, it's true that I work a mere half block from there, but at least for this instance I didn't go back to work.  Instead I made the 3-1/2 block trek down to Garaje to check the new place out.It's a huge space inside with tons of seating options whether you feel like sitting at a table, a booth, a stool or whether you're up for meeting new friends at the communal table.  There are lots of TV monitors tuned into lots of sports programming.  Think March Madness or the upcoming baseball season.  They have beer and it's very cold.In fact, let's talk about the beer here.  Garaje offers 7 to 8 beers on tap and about a dozen or so bottled beers (yelp.com/biz_photos/gara…).  They offer sample shots of the different drafts just in case you're not sure of what you want.  I'd never heard of Green Flash IPA, but at least I can make claim that I've tasted it before.  If beer isn't your thing there's also wine, Mexican Coke, Mexican Pepsi, Jarritos and other tamer beverages.  Now I'm not suggesting that you go back to the courtroom intoxicated, but it is 2-1/2 hours.Now let's talk about the food.  For me the excitement here is all about the seafood tacos.  They have a lot of them, generously portioned and relatively inexpensive.Seared Tuna + Avo (yelp.com/biz_photos/gara…) - Wild Ahi seared just right with a tasty chipotle aioli base and a mound of fresh avocado.  Big in terms of barely fitting on the corn tortillas and big on taste.Thai Prawn (yelp.com/biz_photos/gara…) - A quartet of big, firm, crunchy, butterflied prawn in a sweet and mildly spicy Thai sauce with crunchy cabbage, fragrant cilantro and crunchy, salty peanuts.Beer Battered Tilapia (yelp.com/biz_photos/gara…) - The fish filet is so big that they give you a larger tortilla just so that it'll fit.  This was easily a dinner sized piece of fish fried up nice and crispy on the outside and hot and flaky on the inside.Grilled Fish + Guac (yelp.com/biz_photos/gara…) - The best of both worlds.  A generous piece of tilapia grilled crispy on the outside paired with a huge mound of fresh avocado.Street Tacos - You get 2 for 5 bucks and these are piled high in ingredients.  I had one with Mojo Chicken and one with Carnitas (yelp.com/biz_photos/gara…).  I liked the chicken one better based on taste, but it's drippy and messy so grab some extra napkins.  The carnitas was very good too; I just wished there were some crispy parts instead of having just a mound of lean, tender pork.Recommended by the gentleman who takes your orders I tried a Zapato also.  It's like a burrito minus the rice and it's wrapped in a flour tortilla then grilled crispy on a sandwich press.  I chose the skirt steak (yelp.com/biz_photos/gara…) which was nicely seasoned and all, but having all the soft textures of the cheese, the refritos, the avocado and the pico inside didn't do it for me.  While the Zapato was tasty and filling the super soft center made me yearn for something with a bit more texture.Also on the menu is a third pound burger that looked great on another person's table, but I'll try that the next time I visit.Full and satisfied on both of my visits I returned to the courthouse ready for the judge's decision.  He must've known I had beer for lunch because I was the first one dismissed.  Oh well, back to work.  Open from 11:30 AM to closing.  I was told 10 PM on some nights and 9 PM on others so it's probably best to call ahead. Garaje is cash only so bring the green stuff and tip generously because the portions are big, the staff are friendly and the service is awesome!Finally, the menu (yelp.com/biz_photos/gara…)!  Enjoy!
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2010,4/11/2010,1661,660,30,26,30>It's Tuesday night and I wanna go out. "But Justin" you might interject, "Tuesdays suck ass for party times, plus you're hella broke right now."HA! You'd be wrong!! Wrong about there not being parties, not the hella broke part though.. Lucky for me The Ambassador kills both of those birds with one stone. Ehh I hate that saying, why do I need to kill any bird let alone two? Anyway.. no cover, $2 tap beers, and when you roll in at midnight or so there is no way you'd guess it wasn't a Friday or Saturday night. Packed. A small line outside if you get there in the thick of it.In philanthropist mode I observe the crowd, Ambassador attracts all breeds. I've seen roaming herds of hipsters along side those that prefer hip-hop swagger. Obviously the ever present douche bags, they do seem to end up everywhere don't they? Maybe it's the Vegas strip club-esque atmosphere that entrances all these different party types. Outside painted completely black, inside a dozen or so shining chandeliers, plush booths.Yea you heard me but I'll repeat it, $2 tap beers! Next time you want to get out for a Tuesday night and your friends say "Waaah, waaaah, there's nothing to DO and I ain't got no loot" tell them to stfu, put on some decent clothes, and get their ass to The Ambassador.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2010,4/10/2010,541,99,23,25,26>UYE at Mi Lindo Peru last night! Fabulous event hosted by Daniel L and Marti L (Thank you guys!). I hadn't ventured on Peruvian cuisine before, to many of my friends' surprise. Maybe we Brazilians look at our neighbors fare with snotty eyes. Or maybe there are so many similarities  between us that I never felt a need to eat exclusive Peruvian food. But last night I had a great opportunity to fall in love with it!Although the place was relatively small, the 30+ party was comfortably accommodated. The service was very friendly, attentive and fast. Now to the food: the arroz con pollo was great, with rich cilantro flavor. Amazing fried snapper covered with fried minced garlic. Lomo saltado: beef strips with French fries, rice and a lot of onions. Fried chicken with lemon flavor. A very rich paella. And, of course, delish  fried plantains for the final kick! For such an affordable price, it was definitely a great treat!I got  a great introduction to Peruvian cuisine, met some of my already Yelp friends, made more friends and had a fabulous time! Fabulous way to kick off the Spring! :-)
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2010,4/9/2010,339,257,17,25,27>The RAMEN alone is 5 stars.....wats HOT ON YELP......IZAKAYA SOZAI is!!!I came here last Thursday with a good buddy of mine, we always treat each other to grub before the other goes on a trip. Being that we both are in long distance relationships. its become like tradition!  We came for the Ritsu tonkotsu ramen! a nice hot bowl of ramen with a med rich and hot broth, half an egg, pork and Pork belly!! The pork belly was amazing, it melts in your mouth and it was very well seasoned! We also got the tsukune (chicken meatballs) and tonkatsu on a stick. I thought those were ok but it reallie is all about the ramen here!The space inside is a bit cramped, loved tat they had FOOD NETWORK on the tv!!! It can get a bit warm wit so many bodies in one room. To me it felt more of like a date place.I will be back to try the Chicken Wings, Takoyaki and many more things! :D
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2010,4/8/2010,3451,1617,16,19,24>This is more of a shout out to my favorite cupcakes and the Noe Valley Bakery, as this place is slowly becoming my favorite cupcake place. Cupcakes are so wildly popular these days, but kids it's not a new concept. I love cupcakes and wish I could eat one everyday of my life, but that's just not going to happen.After walking around 24th Street, we decide to stop for cupcakes. Then she says "maybe we should get some food first", but all that's on my mind is "I wonder what the cupcakes taste like". The whole time we are eating, I'm thinking about the cupcakes. Are they getting squished in the box, maybe I should peek.So far I've had the:Lemon Drop cupcakeChocolate Fudge cupcakeRed Velvet cupcakeChocolate Cream Filled Hostess Cupcake Look-alikeAfter reading some other reviews, I can't wait to try the rest....
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2010,4/7/2010,752,1357,19,23,23>(See pics)For my 700th review, I'd love to dedicate this to the special someone, once again, who has nurtured me not only on so many levels of food and music, books and life philosophy, but has made my heart dance and sing, and that life is really not just about career, it's about celebrating what we have, how lucky we are and everything we have, a life that is filled with surprises and laughs.So we had a special evening and I made a reservation at one of the raw seafood places that is French style and not Japanese.After a play, we were rushing over as while they said they close at 10:30pm, I felt bad of having to be there around 10:15pm.They were so nice to call and check in earlier in the afternoon about the time as well as around 10pm trying to confirm our reservation.Onto the cuisine. Every dish was phenomenal. Fresh and crisp refreshing. We had spicy tuna tartare, ceviche, uni, Kampchi Sashi, scallops, mackerel bruschetta and bouillabaisse. All with the perfect pairing of the mineral and crisp Sancerre (something I learned from this dinner too!) Every bite was divine. It woke me up and showed me what raw food is all about all over again. Simple and elegant, love and reunion of food and wine, and everything in life.We left well beyond 11pm. Their service was impeccable. Not only were they friendly and never rushed us (fortunately they had a few friends hanging around.) This makes you feel its intimacy of the place, that it's not just about food, it's about people, about experience, about who you are with, about a spectacular evening to remember.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2009,4/6/2010,734,876,22,32,32>A secret I don't really want to share, but I want very much for them to do well... Jean-luc and company have created such an intimate space where you can have a few drinks and pretty much peek over and see what the chef is whipping up. It can be the venue for quite the romantic meal!A delicious brunch menu, including the delectable Kobe beef + foie gras burger [very reasonably priced too!], a perfectly spiced Monte Cristo [jalapeno spread = mmm!], and yummy quiche! Absolutely fantastic homemade vanilla bean ice cream that even the boyfriend was impressed with. He's convinced that the best vanilla bean ice cream he's ever had was in Philly, but Moussy's may be a contender!Excellent happy hour specials and a Sunday movie, which I am very much looking forward to checking out. Shhh, don't pass it along!
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2010,4/5/2010,631,981,28,39,43>I had not visited the Japanese Tea Garden since my days of grade school in San Francisco.  That was many decades ago so when one of the tea garden's chief gardeners offered us the opportunity to walk through the gardens last Sunday many of us were happy to oblige.I was among a group of nearly 30 One Brick volunteers who cleaned up an overgrown area of weeds and blackberry behind the Japanese Tea Garden.  Working side by side with three gardeners from the San Francisco Recreation and Parks Department we dug out a huge section of assorted weeds, non native plants and overgrown grass exposing the dark, moist soil underneath where some volunteers replanted new plants and trees.  Once replanted we covered up the newly exposed soil with fresh bark brought down from a huge mulch pile nearby while those same volunteers created a fence line using discarded twigs from some of the nearby elm and sycamore trees.Since I rarely back down from an aerobic challenge I, along with a few other hearty volunteers took on the task of pushing the pulled foliage up a hill via wheelbarrow to a compost pile, discarding our plants and refilling our wheelbarrows with mulch to take back down the hill.  It was a great workout and for over two hours I felt the incredible burn on my arms and my legs.  As is usually the case with One Brick work parties we finished our project in record time.The gardens were fairly empty that afternoon.  I think several days of rainfall played a role in keeping many park visitors away, but the sun came out in full bloom that morning / afternoon, and I really enjoyed my time inside the tea garden.Despite the presence of a few small groups of visitors the garden was relatively quiet while I was there.  I enjoyed the peace so much that when a core group of our volunteers walked away to grab some lunch nearby I stayed behind in the tea garden.  The hot sun felt good on my tired muscles, and I loved the sound created by the two little waterfalls inside along with the chirping birds and the occasional rush of wind.Most of the visitors seemed respectful of each other by speaking softly and moving around slowly.  During my visit, I took a load of photos entirely without the presence of other visitors in my compositions.  Some things like the Japanese Tea Garden I take for granted having lived in San Francisco all my life, but it's times like I experienced last Sunday that helps me realize what a special city I live in.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2010,4/4/2010,832,255,24,21,20>You know you've been to Bullitt when you wake up with a condom in your purse (unused) and you have a fatty headache from drinking 40's out of a paper bag all night. ....bullitt serves 40's, in a paper bag, with a condom....if you don't knoooowww, now ya know!This is a super chill cozy little bar that serves pretty decent bar food (go for the wings or the burger), the bartenders are attentive and friendly and the vibe is hip, fun and non pretentious like it's sister bar (Tonic). Win for Russian Hill! p.s. they have Fernet on tap!!!!!
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2009,4/2/2010,1315,471,17,25,21>Oh, what a pleasant surprise!  How many times have I passed you by?  I pass you on the way to the mall, on the way to work, on the way home, and on the way to school.  Had I only known earlier that you're just right there, on Fifth street, past Latte Express, I would have sat with you much, much earlier.  On a warm, sunny day, I would have settled into one of your outdoor tables and enjoyed a glass of red wine while soaking in the warmth of the sun and breeze of the wind.  Oh who am I fooling?  I'd visit you even if it rained and poured, and opt for a table inside so that I could take in the sleek, dark, modern decor.  Well I'm better late than never, Papa.  I'm glad that today, finally, we have been united.  Thank you, Papa: for everything.  The entire experience was a pleasure.Your Snake River Kobe Beef Tartare was very tasty, with just the right amount of saltiness which was balanced out by the Toast Points.  Your Grilled Prawns Brochettes were plump and juicy, and the Shaved Fennel, Artichoke, Frisée and Rosemary Vinaigrette surprised my palate with its delicate sourness; a perfect touch!  In every bite of the Grilled Loch Duart Salmon, the buttery/citrus flavors melted in my mouth.  I couldn't have chosen a sweeter way to end my meal, with none other than two Cocoa Nib Profiteroles with French Vanilla Gelato, Toasted Almonds and the best Warm Chocolate Sauce I have tasted thus far.Fret not, Papa, for we will be together again soon, some day...
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2009,4/1/2010,1567,497,48,53,55>Inserts 'First To Review' button next to avatar, since Blue Bottle opened today, 4/2/09, which makes me a winner. The Blue Bottle in the Ferry Building is fiiiinally open and I am so excited I knew this day would come kind of like when I used to unwrap my presents before Christmas and hide them back under the tree. *Switches to Decaf* The puzzle piece counters are cool to look at and there's coffee to buy if you're a smart cookie and know how to brew it at home. Plus, the staff is so top notch and friendly that I almost feel bad they'll have to see my grumpy face each morning. But in the afternoons, after the caffeine has kicked in, I'll return for another cup and hope that they choose to serve me. The windows on the side allow you to see what's going on in the back, which makes my stomach queasy-free. It's kind of like when you Google prospective suitors or follow them around in a trench coat and hat... maybe not completely necessary, but a good way to know what you're getting into.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2009,6/2/2009,263,287,60,48,48>Tightwad Tip # 27: Sometimes YOU don't find the bargain...the bargain finds YOU.Tightwad Tip # 62: Make sure everyone you know knows what you're looking for...the more eyes out there working for you, the better.I had been looking for a solid-wood armoire for over a year but couldn't bring myself to go too far into the triple digits. Several times a month I would poke around the internet hoping for a miracle, to no avail.Then, a few weeks ago, my ex called and announced "I'm at the Goodwill on South Van Ness and there's something here I think you will be very interested in."I got there as soon as I could and what did I see? A solid wood armoire...for $85!!! I ordered my ex to stand guard against interlopers as I ran to the cash register to stake my claim. Somehow, he and I managed to get it onto the roof of his van so I didn't have to pay to have it delivered, although the store has the name and number of a guy who will deliver stuff at very reasonable rates.  Once I got home, I dismantled my existing particle board piece of crap and put my new treasure in its place:yelp.com/biz_photos/-3XT…My parents happened to be visiting at the time, so my dad helped the ex and me get the armoire up the elevator and into my apartment. During the bustle a neighbor walked by and complimented me on the piece. I proudly related the story of my lucky find, after which my dad got a pained look on his face and whispered "Do you HAVE to tell everyone you buy your furniture at the Goodwill?!"Why, yes. Yes, I do. Hey, everyone...I buy my furniture at the Goodwill!
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2009,6/1/2009,418,463,12,21,21>My desire to try Spruce was sparked by a recent ROTD.  Odd I know, from Suan's sensual review, that I would want my parents to take me here, but I only know a few gents that would take me here without expectations!  From the moment I walked in I knew it was going to be a very pleasant experience.  My father on the other hand, probably was thinking "how much is this going to cost me?!" A common gripe of his, but as soon as he gets a beer or scotch he forgets about cost, thank goodness.Calling the space aesthetically pleasing would be an understatement to me.  I loved the aesthetics!  If was to hire a decorator for my place I would say, "Please be inspired by the décor of Spruce".  The masculinity of the dining room with its classic leather chairs with nail head trim, crystal candle holders and expressive art was *definitely* sexy.  I digress...We arrived late, around 6:20pm, for our 5:45pm reservation (which I made over a month ago and was the only option) and the hostess, a fellow So Cal native, was super friendly and not at all perturbed by our late arrival.  We took our time settling in and perused the drink list, and at 65+ pages, it took some time.  We paused at the Domaine de la Romanée from Montrachet, and were tempted, but at $4950 a bottle we decide to keep our selection in the more economic price range.  I started off the evening with a glass of Delamotte Champagne ($15), my mother enjoyed a glass of Heron Merlot ($9), and my father enjoyed a foreign draft beer selection, his selection escapees me, but he said it was similar to Shimay.  He was happy, so all was right in the world.Bread circled, I passed, then an expeditor delivered Gruyere puffs, and I couldn't say no.  A few minutes after enjoying those, our appetizer, Dayboat Scallops with braised artichokes, arrived.  They were perfectly split in three separate bowls and were amazing!  With in minutes of finishing our scallops the consommé arrived, fantastic!  For dinner we ordered a bottle of Provenance Merlot from Napa ($42).  I really had my eye on the Caymus Special Selection, but my mom has never been one to really sip wine so, I let it go.  It was a good thing because we ended up having more than just a bottle.  For our entrees I talked my mom into sharing the Tomahawk bone-in Rib eye and I was a bit disappointed.  I was expecting more flavor from a bone-in steak and I felt this one was a bit under par.  We decided on the smaller portion ($75) which was sized perfectly for the two of us.  The accompaniments were delicious, fingerling potatoes lightly salted and sautéed chard.  My father enjoyed the Charred Berkshire Pork Tenderloin ($28).  It was fantastic!  I also really enjoyed the crispy pork belly; there is a first time for everything.   After dinner I enjoyed a glass of Fonseca's 20 year Tawny ($16) and an espresso with my birthday dessert, the Piedmont Hazelnut Chocolate Mousse with Manjari ice cream ($10).  I was a decent dessert but I really had my heart set on something tart.  I should have gone with my gut and ordered the Meyer Lemon Tart, next time.Over all, it was a fabulous experience from beginning to end.  I love multiple course meals that take hours upon hours to complete.  I've dined at many high-end restaurants around the world and Spruce is definitely in my top five.  The service was impeccable without being overbearing!  Something I do not find too often. With that being said...visiting again is a non negotiable...I *will* be back, it's just a matter of when!
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2009,5/31/2009,992,1060,43,49,53>"I think there's a difference between just getting by and being content..."she says."For me, it's how close it is to Friday ;-)"I reply.It's a subtle difference, and I don't think I thought about it until she said it... You can just get by with the bare minimum but contentment implies a feeling of gratefulness. It helps you get out of bed. It makes the sun brighter and the air taste sweet.("Me la cavo," one might say in Italian - I'm taking Italian right now - "I get by...")Tropisueño, with its intimate and cozy ambiance, elicits more of the latter feeling. You get a wonderful assortment of delicious dishes for a reasonable price. The service is great, combining hints of upscale restaurant formalities with the humility of the small. The Chicken Mole Poblano was savory and satisfying. The Tres Leches cake was a flavor explosion of both fruits and colors.("Te la cavi bene," one might reply back - I know Tropisueño isn't an Italian restaurant but I don't know any Spanish - "You get by just fine...")An impulse pick, but a good (and affordable) pick nonetheless. Sometimes it's better to just choose with your feelings... and, I don't know, I felt pretty content right then and there...
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2008,5/30/2009,902,420,18,19,21>hooray!!!that is what i scream out whenever we come here.  same old routine...drink, eat, drink, sing, eat, drink, sing, drink...(word to the wise- keep hydrated with water not just soju)on this particular evening received extra warm k-love from jin (coolest dood evar) and janet (hawtest mama-sita) cause we had one of those inner circle seoul-peeps with us..come on you know the difference peoples!!  (hint: if you don't get a grand serving of incredible fresh fruit delivered during ur karaoke session that makes you think you are royalty of zamunda, well you are not soo kewl)as usual noticed a young couple making out downstairs on a bench, then a moment later dan pointed out how she was puking and then a few moments after that they were making out again...and yes you guessed it, another round of spewage.i felt guilty from all the laughter and tears and well maybe a bit of fear, cause i saw the young cat looking up at us and well you know most of the peeps come here packin' so i took a shot of liquid courage and walked down with a glass of water in hand.made the peace offering and almost a show of pearly offwhites from our young, new friend. check this out...janet said they got their own froyo machine!!  hhhwwwat?!  gonna try it next time.we actually didn't end up singing cause i was swayed across the street to the good ole snaku..and yeah, hooray!!!!
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2009,5/29/2009,117,138,17,24,23>'Bob Marley is to Reggae' as 'amazing food is to Burma Superstar'. We called 30 minutes prior to arrival. As we walked up to the door, our names where being called and my heart started to beat with excitement like a drum. This adorable tiny restaurant was welcoming and calm. The waiters  were very kind, patient and never rushed us out, knowing that their was 15 people waiting in the rain to eat next. The tea leaf salad made it's way to our table. My original thoughts of "that's it?" quickly changed into "wow, that looks amazing" as  the waiter mixed the ingredients to create a master piece for us to indulge. The Basil Chicken dish was more then breath taking as I pured it all over my coconut rice and devoured the love with my taste buds. When listening to Reggea sometimes you want to change up the tune from Marley to Peter Tosh... for me, Tosh was waiting across the street in a little crepe factory. And that's why the only reason I am giving this Super Star a 4 star is because their desert WAS amazing, BUT not as incredible as the $3 Nutella crepe that is made fresh from a different resturant across the way.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2009,5/28/2009,473,189,37,38,39>True Religion. Seven, Diesel, Levi's, Lucky 13, D&G, Stussy, Old Navy. There's space for all type of jeans at this hip church located two blocks from Dolores Park in the Mission District. Cornerstone pleasantly surprised me in that it wasn't anything like the stuffy church I remember when I was a kid. Instead of hearing obscure echoes bouncing off cathedral walls, Pastor Terry's sermons at Cornerstone aided by a fantastic contemporary worship band, lights, media, video and drama presents "church" in a vibrant manner.  The worship band is real good and it's okay to clap along. However sometimes I'm next to someone that doesn't got any rhythm. I annoyingly think "why is this guy next to me clapping off beat?" Then I realize--whoops--"I'm that guy" that's clapping off beat!They stage a few dramas around Thanksgiving, Christmas, Mother's Day and Easter. Their drama often adds some creative liberty to re-imagine familiar biblical stories in a compelling way. The last play I saw there, their stage crew surprisingly put a beat-up Volkswagen on the small stage for their road trip Christmas play. Even though the building is small and intimate, attendance is bustling with 4 services scattered over the weekend. Cornerstone is a friendly place for those with a budding curiousity in Christianity, as well as a good place for people to sink roots. I've made some awesome friends there to grow in faith with. It's a good place to invite family, co-workers and friends. ******************* Here's a video clip I like from Cornerstone's YouTube page: youtube.com/watch?v=4EDQ…
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2009,5/27/2009,1030,1074,19,24,21>Um Ma Son is a hidden gem in the outer Richmond.  Friendly service, nice and quiet atmosphere, and excellent Korean food for a reasonable price.The four of us ordered four dishes, in addition to all the small apps given.  And yes, we asked for seconds because we are fatties.Seafood pancake - the dipping sauce that it came with meshed with the dish perfectly.  I wish there were more, though. yelp.com/biz_photos/NcwP…Jap chae - I don't know why, but jap chae is my weak spot.  I never find many good ones, because they're usually too oily to the point where oil drips down your chin.  This one is no exception, but it was still mighty tasty.  yelp.com/biz_photos/NcwP…Soft tofu soup with beef, extra spicy.  But, not spicy enough in my mind.  Got a nice heat to it, and goes great with your bowl of rice. yelp.com/biz_photos/NcwP…Spicy pork bulgogi - I'm not a big pork fan, but when it's cooked right, like this, I'll have a heaping plate! yelp.com/biz_photos/NcwP…The restaurant was empty (besides our table) on a Friday night at 7:00.  Not sure why, maybe because the word hasn't gotten out yet?  Though I wouldn't want to wait in line like My Tofu House, either.  Is there no happy medium?
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2009,5/26/2009,665,259,31,27,29>I hate pretzels. I think they waste the flour, yeast, egg, water, and kosher salt they are made with. It doesn't matter if they're Rold Gold, from Southwest Airlines, the big soft ones at the ballparks/amusement parks, or in my chex mix, I hate em all. Acutally, I used to pick out the dang things out of my Cheddar Chex Mix. Then I saw an episode of Good Eats where Alton Brown lamented the downfall of the pretzel as a true culinary treat. And of course he showed how pretzels are really.. well.. you know... "Good Eats." Fast forward to my third visit to Monk's Kettle. The three of us to sat down to have a drink. JUST a drink. We ended up having a rather large meal in which the bartender proclaimed us as "champions." She then promptly gave us coupons to Jenny Craig. But I digress. Anyhow, somewhere in the beginning my buddy ordered one of their Giant Pretzels with Stone Ground Mustard and Cheddar Ale Sauce. I reluctantly ripped a small portion and bit into what turned out to be the most flavorful preztel that was soft on the inside, chewy good on the outside, and perfectly adorned with kosher salt. The cheddar ale sauce almost made me tear. The stone ground mustard wasn't too shabby either.Although I won't be reaching for Rold Gold anytime soon and I still hate pretzels in my Cheddar Chex Mix, I do have a new found respect for pretzels. If made the right way, they truly can be...  "Good Eats." (Que Theme Music)
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2009,5/25/2009,331,322,13,26,26>This is the best place in the world. This is also a really long review for the best place in the world.Like all best-places-in-the-world, this one comes at somewhat of a premium ($25 each, or $22 with your AAA discount), but that should be really (really) easily overlooked IF:-you avoid this place like the plague on weekends or holidays, unless you enjoy crowds of children and adults who don't behave much better. Use a sick day if you have to.-you get there early. Like, before it opens. We got there five minutes after its 9:30 a.m. opening on a Monday, and there was a healthy crowd of people already waiting.-you buy tickets early. It wasn't a big deal to queue up on a Monday, but buying beforehand will probably make your life a lot easier. You can't buy them LESS than 24 hours ahead of time online, so keep that in mind.-you get your passes to the Planetarium, 3D Bug Show and other special, timed events as soon as you're inside. They'll run out quick, and you'll be bummed if you don't see at least one of these things during your visit.-you spend no less than 4 hours here.-you get in line before the recommended 15-minutes-before-showtime queue-up for timed shows, because loads of people will already be waiting to get in.With that out of the way...*The Building*Architect Renzo Piano's design lived up to the hype. Open, glass-heavy design is industrial, but sophisticated, I thought. It's not cozy or anything (I wouldn't want to live in it, for example), but it feels like a place where science would thrive. The "living" rooftop garden (filled with native plants on rolling hills and valleys that are supposed to mimic SF topography) provides a great view of the park and the deYoung next door.Speaking of topography, a Maya Lin sculpture downstairs shows her interpretation of SF Bay Area topography. It's simple and beautiful, and it's fun to figure out where certain landmarks are supposed to be.The greenest museum in the world (recycling, composting, energy-efficient, LEED Platinum design) would make Al Gore proud.*Exhibits*Morrison Planetarium. Steinhart Aquarium. I knew these names as a kid, and came here with my parents and on field trips, in buildings I barely remember. The planetarium show is crazy good, including up-to-date astronomical findings and jaw-dropping satellite images and panoramas. Little kids and the motion-sick-prone might be unhappy in here, though. provided you don't barf in the aisle. The aquarium exhibits were organized and set up really well, almost like a more intimate version of the Monterey Bay Aquarium. The rainforest globe thingy was humid (duh), and featured frogs, plants, lizards and butterflies galore. It'll make you want to jump on a plane straight to Madagascar.The whole building is a photographers dream, so bring your cameras and all your lenses, and take note of when you can't take pictures. This includes in the planetarium (don't be that guy), and in front of certain sensitive animals. The little leafy seahorses were pretty, but are very delicate and very camera shy, even if you turn your flash off.*Food*The Moss Room (owned by chef daughter of Alice Waters, methinks) is supposed to be good. We, however, just had a banana and some coffee from the kiosk.So.It's still a bit overwhelming, but five shiny stars all the way.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2008,5/24/2009,429,327,20,25,29>Warmth has no edge.  It is not:on the cuspforward thinkinginnovativenon conformistindependentconfrontationalavant gardesingle minded.Warmth ushers in familiars:  soothing, sharing, nestling.For warmth, you come back.  For that hearty Onion Soup, or that hefty wedge of creamy Sauterne Mousse, and irreproachably for that warm Chocolate Cake cushioning one muthaf'in sweet molten chocolate inside.Seek warmth; find it at Cafe Claude.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2009,8/23/2009,1251,575,19,44,37>I used to basically live at this place when it was Frisson.  I host many happy hours, and 2/3 of the time, I would opt for Frisson's lounge area.  So it was a sad day for me when I found out they had died.Some time later, I noticed all of the birthday parties and events I was being invited to were being held at some place called "A5"... or sometimes "5A5" - and without a sign on the  front door, I still have no idea which is the real name but I have been here 3 times now.  New party venue?  The first two times, it was for parties, and I was impressed in that the lounge area was just as inviting as it used to be when it was Frisson. The problem w/ Frisson, though, was the food.  I ate there often but the food was mediocre - but when you call yourself a "steakhouse" - I'm enough of a fool to try it once before ripping on it.Let's be clear - I am extremely picky about my steak.  I am the diva of meats.  I will take down any kind of meat and give it a shot.  I will take a chunk out of a newly slaughtered animal if someone says it tastes  good.  Be it grass or corn-fed, be it in Australia or Argentina - I have eaten there, and I know my meat - and more importantly, I love and respect meat.Meat is my friend.Well, folks - A5 does NOT disappoint.The decor here is, thankfully, not as orange as Frisson was, but light neutral colors and absolutely romantic and intimate with a lot of booth seating.  It has a patio out back, and a back section reserved for large groups.  You have a partial view into the large kitchen.  The lighting, the layout and the general aura of A5 is stunning.Before getting into the food, let's just touch on service.  The owners/managers were very courteous.  The few servers we encountered over the course of the evening were outstanding.  Some tried a bit too hard - and it seemed like a fake smile was glued to their face - but I'm not one to dock for trying.  Keep trying... and hopefully one day it will be more natural.  I never lacked for wine or water in my glass, and people came by just enough to make sure the dining experience exceeded our expectations.My friend JH and I were at dinner - and Archie R. joined us later.  We all had hamachi shooters at $4 a pop, and it's a nice start to a meal.  You can definitely taste the hamachi, soy sauce, and caviar put into this little concoction - it's delightful.  They offered us complimentary glasses of champagne on the house, and that was quite nice.  JH and I also ordered two glasses of Riesling to drink with the shooters and the shrimp cocktail appetizer that we shared.  The shrimp, I would skip next time.  While good, it wasn't special.My friend had the filet mignon - I was ecstatic to find the buffalo steak on the menu and opted for that - though we shared a bite of each other's for Yelp's sake.  The filet mignon was seasoned beautifully - not an ounce of salt or pepper needed on that type of perfection.  My buffalo steak, however, stole the show.  At $47 for a 10 oz. cut - I never saw a more gorgeous sight in my whole life as I cut into this chunk of meat - - perfectly cooked to a nice, medium-rare, and juicy to the last bite.  My friend Archie showed up mid-dinner and though the steak was cold, even he confirmed that this was one fine steak.Buffalo Steak... Just when I thought it couldn't get better, I took a bite of the potato-croquette type of concoction that accompanied my steak - and was immediately taken to another realm.  I do not know exactly what was in this - but between the cheesiness and crispness on the outside, gooey goodness on the inside - with a mouthful of buffalo - - the only thing that made it better was the sip of wine I took to wash it down.Speaking of wine - I brought a bottle of my own Turnbull wine that I had been saving in my cellar to dinner.  Corkage fee at the restaurant was $20, which is in my opinion, the fair cost for a meal of this caliber.  I can't stand it when restaurants gouge you on corkage - some of us have nice wines at home that we are willing to pay extra to drink there, but charging more than $20 to provide us w/ glasses during a meal we are opting to have at your establishment is not just ridiculous -  but rude.   A5's corkage is fair, and they provided good service to go along with it.  I should also note that their wine list is superb - in my opinion, since they seem to have many of the wines that I enjoy the most!After dinner, there was an event going on at the lounge, and we opted to stay on in the dining section, enjoying the house music while having more wine, dessert and coffee.  The dinner portion, bearing in mind I brought my own wine, was $146, not including tip.  The after-portion, not including tip was $56 for coffee, a bottle of wine, and one outstanding cheesecake that was tart, slightly sweet, creamy but not heavy at all.  I will be back to A5 time and again, not only for their events but dinner.  It borders on perfection.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2008,8/22/2009,902,420,18,19,24>harry is the new king of the richmond!!!previously i gave that crown to Hidei-san of Oyaji, but let me tell ya why we have new royalty in the rich:* the place is sexy (which is sayin a lot fer a fondue spot)* not stinky (tho i recommend to still throw ur clothes in the wash)* nomi-tabehoudai = $40...need i say more??they can definitely work on their sake offerings tho i think this is more of a reflection of customer preference since i still see a lot of sake-bombin going on here...probably due to most kids trying to pretend they are euge...the lamb is alright, a bit too game-y but their slicing skills are on point to keep the cuts thin and beautiful.  pass on ordering vegetables cause they already come with any meat dish you order and come on...if you are an herbivore you came to the wrong place silly goose!!!!i prefer the basic over spicy broth...stick with the beef, throw together some of the spicy daikon oroshi, a sh*t load of onegi, garlic and the ponzu..don't over cook the meat!!!!!!!!  unless you are a fraidy-cat round eye.please don't come here on Sundays, that is when we come and don't want to share harry with you...LOL!
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2008,8/21/2009,935,1053,25,32,30>People often ask me what my favorite cuisine is and I go back and forth between French and Italian. After my meal at Farina last night the Italians have definitely taken the lead.We pop in a little after 9pm and were quoted a 15-20 minute wait. After waiting less than 10 minutes we are lead to two seats at the counter right in front of the pizza oven. This my friends is prime real estate. Throughout the evening we watched the pizzaiolo churn out mouthwatering focaccia and pizzata.We end up with the Focaccia Di Recco Con Prosciutto which was one of the most incredible dishes I've ever had in my life. Gooey cheese melted between two layers of pizza dough, topped with fresh ham and arugula. And yes, it was as good as it sounds. We also split the Pansotti Al Sugo Di Noci -hand made tortelli filled with ricotta cheese, spinach, chard and borage in walnut pesto. These were so rich, so delicate, so incredibly delicious.So this sounds like a sure fire five star review, right? Well there were a couple of issues. First off, they were out of 5-6 menu items including my beloved burrata. And our waiter was, how do I say this delicately, a total jerk. I really want to use another four letter word but need to keep this clean for the children. I'm not sure what his problem was but he was totally sour the entire evening...well, at least for the first half of our meal - he disappeared midway though which was actually fine by us. Everyone else we dealt with - the busboy, the pizza guy, the waitress who brought our food, were fantastic.That being said, one sour puss waiter will not keep me from returning to Farina. But he did keep Farina from getting five stars.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2008,8/20/2009,566,414,35,33,34>5 stars.. yes. you heard me. I think Katana-ya won me over. They don't have the stewed pork that I love so much from Santa Ramen, but the location is everything. (Especially after drinking..)N took me here a few months back for date numero uno. I was nervous and barely finished my ramen. Say what? Yeah, I could not finish my bowl of ramen.. That never happens... It was pretty awkward. Is he staring at the waitress?! (not funny!)Anyways, I came back recently and ordered the same thing. Miso Chicken Karaage Ramen. So delicious. Don't forget to tell them to put the chicken on the side to minimize the chances of the crispy chicken from getting soggy. So, why the five stars? Four syllables. Kaedama. After scarfing down my ramen this time around, I was told about this wonderful new word. For $2, they would add extra noodles to your broth. The waitress paused for a couple of seconds in surprise after our request. Then, they accidentally tossed out the broth, so I got piping hot miso soup with ramen noodles.. SOOOO good. I ate half of my noodles and couldn't do it anymore. My ramen baby made it difficult to function afterwards. Delicious soup. Kaedama!! (useful and cool!) Why did no one tell me about this before??! (also not funny!)
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2009,8/19/2009,311,173,19,31,27>If I could give more than 5 stars to Casey, Nilu, and the Bodywork SF team I would! I started my sessions with Casey 3 weeks ago and not only has my body changed... but my life as well. When I was first searching for a personal trainer it was out of frustration. I was frustrated with past personal training experiences and fitness programs. Furthermore I was frustrated and upset with myself for gaining weight.  My pants no longer fit, my shirts were getting tight, my motivation for trying was gone, and worst of all my self esteem was at an all time low. I googled and yelped to no avail to find a great trainer. Maybe if I say Best personal trainers over and over someone else searching will find bodywork sf. Best personal trainers Best personal trainers Best personal trainers Best personal trainers Best personal trainers Best personal trainers I posted a thread on yelp and was able to find Nilu who is the co owner. She was very helpful in hearing what I was looking for and directed me to Casey. I met with Casey for my first session and was thrilled! He was extremely knowledgeable about physical fitness and nutrition. He listened to my goals and was able to explain to me how I could achieve them. He is continuously helping me to push myself beyond what I thought possible. He never once criticizes or judges me for my own fitness level. Instead he directs me, guides me, and congratulates me... all with a smile. So far I have LOST 9lbs and dropped a pant size in just 3 weeks!!! I am aslo stronger and leaner than ever before. I would highly recommend anyone searching for the best personal trainers should come here. You will get results!
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2009,8/18/2009,1798,1373,24,34,34>Fantastic brunch space!And with the weather the way it has been treating us lately, take your appetite outside, under the umbrellas and the bright gorgeous sun.My good friend was visiting so we decided to have brunch in Hayes Valley.  She's not much of a brunch person but since it was her itinerary of fun out here, in addition to listening to the dating woes of my being single in SF, I wanted to make sure we made the most of precious morning time.  Flipper's was chosen because I wanted something low key and casual (we had done the fancy dinner thing the night before) and the line was nonexistent compared to the other spots around the corner.What a great little space.  Lots of room outside and inside.  Most of the tables were already filled with other like-minded people enjoying the morning sun.  The menu here is varied and offer lot of choices to someone still somewhat befuddled from too many glasses of Pinot Grigio the night before at Luna Park.I ordered a coffee and the Eggs Blackstone: a hearty dish of grilled tomato, bacon and poached eggs on an english muffin, dressed with hollandaise sauce.  I had been craving this dish since I had something similar several days before.  My friend ordered the similar item, except with chicken.  Both of our plates came loaded with their house potatoes and a side of toast.  It was amazingly good.  The issue I have with hollandaise sauce is that some places prepare it too heavy handed with the vinegar.  Here, it was creamy perfection all the way.  The bacon added a little more oomph to the dish and the grilled tomato softened the rest of the savory way.  One of the best versions of an old favorite ever sampled.  Gourmand bliss.Know that feeling when you are dating someone and feel as if you are way out of their league, hence the mental misgivings?  Such is the feeling I had when it came to service this day.  Whatever my premonitions, the wait staff dashed all insecurities and on a busy day, just needed a little reassurance but in all, we were most pleased with everything.  The gentleman serving us was full of comical quips and phrases lightening the mood and going forward, I would welcome his presence the next time we are in the neighborhood.  Decent prices, good brunch and friendly people.  I'd even feel comfortable here with a book to loll the day away and ponder on the finer aspects of how not to date " workoholics, alcoholics, sexaholics, commitment-phobics, peeping toms, megalomaniacs, emotional fuckwits, or perverts" regards to Bridget Jone's Diary.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2009,8/16/2009,491,297,33,32,36>Real girls:1) drive stick2) shoot gunsUp until today, I did the number 2. Okay not THE number two, but I shot two guns - a 9 mm and a .40 S&W.Since I've always wanted to be a wannabe bounty hunter, a friend decided to invite me and a couple of other shootin' dudes to JASR&G. I'm glad I was accompanied by 3 other guys who knew what they were doing because I sure didn't.Girls:1) Don't wear heels. Just don't. You need to balance. Don't try and be cute and wear 4 inch heels just so your legs look a little longer. It ain't worth it. Take it from me.2) Don't wear low cut shirts. The remnants of the bullets will go down your shirt and having to dig for them is NOT fun.3) Tie your hair back. Hair in your face while you're trying to aim at your target is not effective.4) When you are done, point the gun down range and put it down on its side VERY slowly on the ledge in front of you. My friends jumped about 20 feet in the air when I turned around very quickly to smile and the gun was to my side (the magazine was still half full).5) Do arm / hand exercises. The guns are powerful. You feel it even after you shoot. It's serious.6) After you shoot, remember to take a breather.My hands and body were shaking after I shot my first round. It was intense.There's also a bunch of targets to choose from. We got a standard one and then one target with a gunman pointing his gun at a girl. I shot at the girl.This place was great. Plenty of parking. The staff was really helpful and informative. I felt safe with the other shooters. For one lane, one hour, a .40 S&W rental, ear/eye protection, and a lot of bullets, the total came out to $135 - and we split it among 5 people. I'll be back again. Bam Bam.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2008,8/15/2009,344,904,32,31,33>Carbs, carbs, carbs, carbs, carbs. I usually limit myself to one carb when indulging in breakfast out. If I have potatoes I tend not to touch my toast. When I decide to eat my english muffin I ignore my hash browns to the point that they get a complex. I just don't need that many carbs. I have eggs and bacon and other distractions on my plate. I am convinced I could eat a meal comprised entirely of carbs here. Dare I say I would push my beloved bacon to the side of my plate to get my fill of beignets, grits, potatoes and the only biscuits in town that warm the cockles of my heart. However, the cockles of my heart are only warmed here on a weekday. I pity the fool who would wait in line for any meal that is so incredibly unhealthy. Even if it is in a cute little place that puts chicory in their coffee, has a deep red brink wall, Etta James playing far too quietly in the background and homemade jam the wait on weekends is insane.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2009,8/14/2009,1030,1074,18,25,23>I am in love.  This bar is awesome.  We didn't have trouble securing the big table in the back.  The chairs are comfy.  We don't have to scream in each other's ears to have a pleasant conversation.Mon-Fri, 5-7:$3 for champagne and specialty cocktails?  I'm sold.$3 draft beer.  Booyah.All the other times the drinks are around $6, which still beats some SOMA happy hour deals.  :) all around.Yes, the bar closes at 11 every day.  Yes, it's cash only, so come prepared (they have an ATM in the front).Try the wannabe bloody mary cocktail.  It's effing delicious!
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2009,8/13/2009,1792,531,23,25,26>Why Kabuki is the best theater EVER: 1. You can drink wine here! And not out of paper cups or straight from the bottle you snuck in, they actually give you wine glasses!! 2. You can preselect your seats, brilliant! If you are hell bent on getting the best seat in the house, come early to buy your ticket. 3. It's clean and comfortable considering all the people that booze it up in the theater every day. 4. Parking, and because I hate the price gouging at the 4th and Mission garage. Plus the Metreon is over run with bridge and tunnel people. I live close enough to the Kabouki that I can walk or cab it. Major bonus. 5. Did I mention you can drink here? I'm sorry, I can't get over how awesome that is.....
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2007,8/28/2007,368,167,23,25,28>I've frequented this establishment a disproportionate number of times considering its distance from my home.  That alone speaks volumes of this cozy neighborhood pub.The front patio often becomes very crowded with people who enjoy both smoking and drinking and laughing and carousing and generally misbehaving.  (On the record, I do not condone any of those practices.  Please drink responsibly.)What really makes this place truly memorable are the special events.  The annual Catholic School Girl Karaoke night should not be missed by anyone.  Ever.  (On the record, I fully endorse themed events at bars and restaurants.)
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2007,8/27/2007,602,200,45,47,42>This place is a madhouse. Crazier and louder than all the voices (6) in my head, screaming at once. To top it off, there was a particularly annoying guy this past hon saun (bi-yearly cemetery visit) Sunday.The poor hostesses at the hostess stand have to deal with at least 15 people screaming in their faces for numbers. A newbie, boc gwai, Koi Palacer decided to step it up a notch:Annoying guy: Hi- what's your nameSoft Spoken Hostess: AliceAG: How long is the wait going to be for 2?SSH: About 30-45 minutes.AG (turning on the charm) *SMILES*: C'mon, Alice, you can help me out a little can't you?SSH *Giggles*: Oh, no- I can't. Sorry!AG: But ALICE!!SSH *turns bright red*: Sorry, it's very busyAG *SMILES* *Screaming at the top of his lungs*: C'MON ALICE!SSH *SMILES and tries to hide embarrassment*AG: OH ALICE!SSH *tries to say something* I'm...AG: ALICE! ALICE! ALICE! ALICE! C'MON ALICE! OH ALICE!After 5 minutes of trying to flirt (at the top of his lungs, mind you) his way to a table, he stops and accepts defeat.40 mins after we are seated, we see "Oh Alice" walk by. Sorry, chump- wait your turn. Or be smart like my family and get a number BEFORE you go run your errands.Whenever we go hon saun, we always make it a point to grab a number. By the time we get back, about 45 mins. later, we have a table waiting for us.  This is a hon saun staple- and we've been doing it for at least 5+ years. Once we get our table, the 2 hour lunch begins! Our favorites include:* Egg donuts (must be eaten hot or warm)* Ha gow* Sui mai* Ja lurng (Chinese donut, wrapped in chow fun noodle)* Low boc gow (daikon cake w/ pork)* Woo gok (fried taro dumpling, stuffed with pork)* Hom soi guc (fried glutinous dumpling, stuffed with pork)* Low soi tofu (tofu w/ special sauce)* Foor yuk (suckling pig)* Ngow yuk and ha churng (chow fun noodle, stuffed with either beef or shrimp)* Pi gwat (pork spareribs)* See yow wong mein (soy sauce noodles)* Ngow pack eep (tripe and innards- YUM!)* Foong jow (chicken feet- another YUM!)* Ja ha gok (fried shrimp dumpling)* Ngow yuk yoon (meatballs)* Sesame filled mochi* Tofu fa (sweet tofu)* Don tot (egg custard tart)* Ni wong bao (egg custard bun)All this food fed 5 adults and 3 kids. As you can tell, my family loves to eat! I have been trained well by my family, so I know exactly what to order.  2 Honorable mentions in Koi Palace reviews- Bella ordered, Yelpers approved!yelp.com/biz/kn2iEL0S3UO…yelp.com/biz/kn2iEL0S3UO…Btw, they aren't known for this, but they have hot pot. It's good but expect to pay an arm and a leg (this may also be on the menu, but I can't guarantee that it comes from an animal).
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2007,8/26/2007,333,39,55,26,35>An impersonation of a typical pour at the Latin American Club, in real time...- ahem -Ice....Ice....VodkaVodkaVodkaVodkaVodkaVodkaVodkaVodkaVodkatonicVodkaVodkaVodka....Lime.Thank you, thank you very much.(and thank YOU, bartender at Latin American Club!)
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2007,8/25/2007,704,190,34,15,32>Otis is like the second album from the best selling female trio of all time: CrazySexyCool.The crazy peacock motifs, the sexy bartenders and drinks, the cool ambiance oozing from the paisley flooring and plush leather furniture.This place is 11x platinum.In fact, I think I may not be CrazySexyCool enough for Otis, so I believe I'll be sticking to the rivers and the lakes that I'm used to.And that is Ooooooohhh... On The TLC Tip.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/20/2007,8/23/2007,0,0,39,21,24>I've got about 15 medications to keep track of every day (each taken at a different hour and with or without food or with or without any wheat products or with or without sitting down for 15 minutes before or after oh AND NO NO NO BOOZE). So much to keep track of- my 93 year old self gets confused.So I thought it'd be a GREAT idea to get a lift with my brother on VALENTINES day to T-Mobile to get a new snazzy cell phone. During one of my 5 minute intervals where I don't take any meds. Just to be safe, I brought my grocery bag of orange bottles with me. You never know, you might get caught in traffic.So Margaret wheezes into T-Mobile, appropriates the first chair in sight and waves her arms about to get some salesclerk attention. I know exactly what I want. And I'm currently a gimp. You'd think that a cell phone store could muster some sympathy. And T-Mobile did, sort of, I mean kind of, at least more so than Cingular, my former reliable rapist.  And because they thought my brother and I were a very cute couple, we got a special v-day package. And they showed me how to work my new fangled phone. Unfortunately- forgetting a grocery bag full of meds in a cell phone store is extremely difficult to reclaim.  YO! My name is on every bottle! And so I give T-Mobile minus 2 stars.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2007,8/22/2007,854,590,116,67,68>So I walk by this place on my way back from the Mission often because the hill from Church st. to Dolores st. is the least steep at 22nd street.  So even though I live at 24th st. and Church st., I will actually go TWO WHOLE FLAT BLOCKS out of my way to endure a less dramatic hill.  I am that lazy.  I have taken the time to actually research and confirm that this is in fact, the easiest route to Noe Valley from the Mission so lazy asses everywhere, please take note.  I am your Queen.  You can thank me with baked goods and possibly a segway human transporter (tm).Anyway, one day as I am walking home, I notice some ROCKING music coming from the school at 22nd and Chattanooga and I decide to investigate...what I walk into is a large group of sassy gay men doing their thing to the sweet sounds of Destiny's Child.  The group is being led by an enthusiastic but not obnoxious woman who is singing along to the music and leading the group through simple* dance steps.  I learn that this is JAZZERCISE!  oh man alive!  i think i have found my calling!I attended my first JAZZERCISE! class tonight and let me tell you, I am in terrible shape.  I mean, I thought JAZZERCISE! was for 300 pounds grandmas and folks in wheelchairs.  WRONG!  This is a helluva workout to the most diverse collection of music I've ever heard.  I mean, we went from The Smiths to Frank Sinatra to the Scissor Sisters to like, Merle Haggard.  It was almost schizophrenic but I loved it!  After the class, the awesome instructor, Amanda, introduced me to all the regulars and everyone clapped for me.  I love gratuitous excitement at my presence (hence, my obsession with Yelp) and so naturally, I was pleased.  The class was $12 but they offer all sorts of deals, like $44/month unlimited if you sign up for automatic deduction from your bank account and I'm thinking about doing that because I like not thinking about money, it's less painful that way.  More info about other deals and such is on their website and you can find out more about this specific FABULOUS class here:  jes.jazzercise.com/jes.d…Needless to say, I will be jazzercising my ass into a size 00.  78 pounds or BUST!  I'll know I have succeeded when you have to hook me up to an IV to feed me life sustaining liquid.*Simple is key for me because I basically go retarded when i'm dancing...i look like i'm ghost riding the whip.  but on accident.  and there ain't no whip.JAZZERCISE!Update:  I've been going to Jazzercise regularly for about a month and I can honestly say, it's the only workout I look forward to.  ALL of the instructors are awesome in their own crazy way and the people who work out there.  Man, they are the best.  It's this awesome community of folks and they are SO FREAKIN' NICE.  Anyway, I'm loving it more and more every day! JAZZERCISE!Update August 2007:  It's been almost 8 months now and I am a full fledged Jazzerholic.  I grapevine to the copy machine, I sashay into staff meetings, I SINGLE SINGLE DOUBLE AT THE WATER COOLER.  Jazzercise might have to file a restraining order against me because I love it so much, I might kill it.  JAZZERCISE!!!
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2007,8/21/2007,255,60,109,117,148>At the tender age of thirteen, I asked my mother one of those questions that only a thirteen year old girl would ask:Hannala:  "Mom, am I pretty?"Ma M.: "Well, sweetheart, you're not really pretty - you have a classic look."Hannala: "Uh, ok."  :-/So I've gone through life with the understanding that I was NOT pretty. * When the cheerleaders invited me to their slumber parties, I assumed it was only because they thought my jokes about the football players were funny.  * When I was crowned prom queen, I assumed it was only because I was nice to the underclassmen.  * When boys told me I was pretty and asked me out, I assumed it was only because they thought the pretty girls wouldn't talk to them.* When my friends told me that my assumptions were crazy, I assumed that their love blinded them to the truth.Boy, this is a sad story so far.  Thankfully, I've got a happy(ish) ending for you.I fell.  I broke my face in THREE places.  One of those places was my cheekbone (known inside hospitals and anatomy classes as the zygomatic arch).  My face was DENTED.  The ER doctor said I'd need surgery.  I assumed I needed surgery because my face would not work properly without surgery.Dr. Bast said I needed surgery because I was pretty.  Huh? Yep, apparently, according to Dr. Bast, I AM pretty and NOT fixing such a pretty face would be awful - tantamount to negligence.  Where the hell was this man when I was thirteen?!Not only does he think I'm pretty, but he's also very empathetic, gentle AND the man knows his stuff about fixing faces. (He specializes in facial reconstructive surgery and is a graduate of UCSF Medical School and Harvard Dental School)When I went in for my surgical evaluation, I was scared and close to tears.  I'd never had surgery before.  He led me into the exam room and, after looking over my CT scans and x-rays, clearly and carefully explained to me what would need to be done to fix my face.  He invited questions and carefully answered each one.  His demeanor made me feel calmer and safe.  He promised to carefully return my face "back to its pretty self."  He gave me his cell number, his pager number, his office number AND his email - just in case I needed to reach him before the surgery with ANY questions or concerns.The day of my surgery, he was at my bedside pre-surgery asking if I was ok.  Was I warm enough?  Did I have any other questions?  He introduced the other surgeons who would be operating on me.  He asked my mom if she had any questions.  Post-surgery, Dr. Bast was back at my bedside asking if I was ok.  Did I have enough pain medication?  Was I warm enough?  How did I feel?  Would I like my mom to come sit with me in recovery?  He seemed genuinely happy when he told me that the surgery went really well and apologized about me having to have x-rays taken almost immediately after I came out of the anesthesia.  (The x-rays, which the technician showed to me, displayed two perfectly symmetrical cheekbones - one with titanium and one without.)    The next evening at 7:30ish, which happened to be a SATURDAY, my cell phone rang.  It was Dr. Bast - wanting to know how I was doing.  Were the pain meds enough?  Was I able to sleep ok?  How did I feel?Seriously, this man has ruined, RUINED me for other surgeons (if not other men in general!). He's like some sort of medical super hero (did I mention that as an oral and maxillofacial surgeon he's a doctor AND a dentist?) who is capable of doing great surgical work while also maintaining an amazingly caring and compassionate bedside manner.  Important and VERY USEFUL note: he specializes in minimally invasive surgery meaning I have ZERO external scars.  My surgery has traditionally been done with three incisions - one of which is external - but Dr. Bast managed to fix me up with only ONE incision inside my mouth.  Hooray to NO SCARS!And finally, the most wonderful thing Dr. Bast did was this: he told my mom that her daughter was pretty. My mother, who takes EVERYTHING doctors say as GOSPEL, said "Yes, yes she is."
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2007,8/20/2007,222,202,7,15,15>I had first heard Two mentioned by resident Yelper and foodie extraordinaire Lady J (she commented about their fantastic pre-opening test menus), and made reservations to take my buddy and his girlfriend here for his birthday.The staff was very understanding when I mentioned that my friends were running a bit late, and while I was waiting I ran into the always amazing Liz S and her husband, Mr. S (who's name is being withheld to protect his anonymity). After my friends arrived we were promptly seated and ordered cocktails.I had a raspberry lemon drop to start, because every once in a while you need to enjoy a shi-shi drink...plus, the buzz I got from the booze took the edge off of the compound fracture that was protruding from my non-drinking arm (whew, hope I recovered some 'man points' there)...the next drink I had was a custom cocktail that is a specialty of my buddy's friend (and contains at least four alcohols), and he said that the bartender nailed it!Okay, on to the food...the bread that they serve up was excellent, but you only get the first loaf for free...what's up with that?For appetizers, we had the crispy calamari with tartare sauce and the house-smoked salmon with rosti potatoes and crme fraiche...both were quite good, but I remember the salmon being especially tender and tasty.For dinner I enjoyed the grilled swordfish with braised escarole in a garlic herb sauce and a side of caramelized broccoli seasoned with garlic, chili and lemon...damn, that broccoli was amazing! I love broccoli, and could easily eat something like twelve plates of what they serve up at Two. Oh, and the swordfish was also fantastic...Compared to most of the restaurants I usually frequent, the portions were on the slightly smaller side and the prices were on the slightly higher side, but you don't come to a restaurant like Two hoping to load up on all-you-can-eat tater tots...Next time you're looking to enjoy an excellent meal in a restaurant with nice ambiance and a great staff, make Two your destination!
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2007,8/19/2007,149,126,17,23,31>Did you hear that?  That's the sound of hell freezing over because I have nothing to complain about.  The hostess welcomed us and, without prompting, asked, "Shall I get you some waters?" as soon as we were seated.  Our waiter, Humberto, helped us select a Pinot Nero from Italy, which, since that fateful day, has launched me on a quest to find a wine shop with this resplendent nectar.  Our starter was the Piquillo peppers stuffed with brandade, a pureed mixture of salted cod, olive oil, garlic, milk and cream.  And the kitchen had conveniently divided it onto two plates for us to enjoy.   The pork chop was juicy and came with dressed spinach and scrumptious fried polenta.  The rib eye was perfectly medium rare with a sauce reminiscent of chimichurri.  Finally, the butterscotch creme dessert came with biscotti and a chewy chocolate cookie.  Food & wine?  Delicious.  Service?  Flawless.  They wiped the table clean between every course, ensured our wine and water were always replenished, and checked in frequently but unobtrusively.  More small yet appreciated touches--intuitively directing me to the ladies room without my having to ask, and graciously walking us to the door and thanking us for coming.You know how some guys just get it--just seem to *know*?  E.g., open the door, assist with your jacket, walk closest to the curb.  And they do this without a, "Hey, look at me, I'm being a gentleman, and aren't I WON-der-ful?" attitude.  Well, if these guys know, then Nua is omniscient.  Some say chivalry is dead, but here it's alive and kicking.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2007,8/18/2007,125,311,11,19,21>I've pretty much given up on Burma Superstar.  I have better things to do than to wait for two hours for a dinner that lasts half that time.  I wanted to take my parents to a classy place in their neighborhood where we wouldn't have to fight for a table.  I have to give a big thank you to Yelp for pointing me to a restaurant that is every bit as good as Burma Superstar (and, as has been noted, is under the same ownership) but was only a little bit more than half full on a Friday night.  The beer cooler (beer + ginger lemonade?) was so good I could drink it every day.  We tried an assortment of truly wonderful appetizers.  The  tea salad was fresh and the textures were just right. As a nascent fish eater, I was a little freaked out by the fish and chips - which were potato chips accompanied by those tiny whole fish (battered and fried) - but my parents and boyfriend loved them.  After four appetizers, the four of us decided to split two entrees which was more than enough.  My boyfriend and I had the mango salsa tacos (both with diced mangoes, jalapenos, and portabello mushrooms or fish) while my parents split the salmon pot pie - a curried pastry of gloriousness.  My dad, who telecommutes and rarely sees his co-workers, was given a $100 check with express instructions to spend it on a celebration of the launch of the company's website.  The bill ended up being darned close, and taking into account my dad's stingy tipping, I would calculate that it takes about $25 per person to get stuffed and buzzed at B-Star.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,5/13/2013,285,169,9,13,11>I love cute things! I love cute things so much and Therapy is a store full of cute things!! Do you see where this is going? This retail space is small but it's packed full of wonderful treasures. They have clothing and shoes and accessories and gifts and other novelty items. I really appreciate that they have a good selection of sizes, you don't have to be a size two to shop here. This is the type of place where you can find gifts for everyone you know and you can be assured the gift will be loved. Just after the New Year they have been running a 40% off sale on everything in the store. I bought a cute purse and a ring. The staff is helpful and nice and not smothering. I love that you can take your time and look at everything and the store isn't usually packed. This is not like going to the mall, it's like going to your cool friend's house and you can look through all her things and buy whatever you like.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,5/12/2013,531,91,37,48,42>An optimist only sees the good in things. The pessimist only sees the bad. The realist has a balanced perception of both. I am a realist. My take on Dixie? It is good. Damned good. Optimist: I LOVE LOVE LOVE the Deviled Eggs with Chicken Liver and Fresh Grated Horseradish, the Fried Quail with sourdough savory waffle, and the Rabbit wrapped in bacon with fingerling potatoes. How wonderful it is that Dixie celebrates California with our state bird (Quail) paired with a sourdough waffle, (Sourdough) San Francisco's gem! They should make that their signature dish. The wine list offers great options for many combinations of courses that any wine lover will appreciate. Pessimist: The parking shouldn't be $5 if you self park. Seriously. Why do we have to pay for parking? Don't they use this lot for the surrounding offices during the day? They should re-negotiate their lease to include validated parking. I spied the list of businesses in that building. A recognized the names lot of venture capitalists and heavy hitters. . . they can afford to pay parking - why should we? Realist: Dixie's chef shows off his culinary prowess by offering Southern food with French style refinement. I love seeing game on a menu. When it is done well, I am loyal. The rabbit and the quail were both perfect along with the bottle of Barolo I picked. The playful creme fraiche sorbet with the Olive oil chocolate cake and chocolate mousse left me craving more. I smartly paired it with Framboise Lambic (they even happened to have my favorite brand). I want it again just thinking about it! Every dish shows a discipline and fondness everyone on the line in the kitchen have toward food. The story: When I dress to dine for date night, I make sure I either bring a bottle of wine from my cellar or have my options pared down for which bottle to buy there. Dixie has a gorgeous wine room with a beautiful door. You have to check it out. I am considering remodeling my cellar to mimick theirs. We were late. An hour late. I rang three times to change the reservation because of horrific traffic on 19th Avenue. Elizabeth was so kind to me on the phone. I really appreciate that. John, our server, was outstanding! I ordered in my weird way and told him we only had an hour. He made sure all of our courses came out with respect to the time. He complimented my wine choice for the entrees we chose. He made sure we drained that bottle of wine by minding our wine glasses. I really love interacting with people who are knowledgeable about wine without the snob factor. It's the little pleasantries like this that I enjoy.I hate writing reviews describing food with adjectives that make me seem like a "wanna be food critic" because I am not. I have particular taste for just reason. I have experience. I am not a pretentious foodie - I just love good food. I love wine because I understand wine. I am also an experienced spirits drinker. Without snobby pretense - these 5 stars come from my heart. A simple girl who grew up poor, went to school, and developed refined taste from solid real world and classroom experience. I love Dixie because it marries both the simple and the complex with heart. It isn't just fancy food on a plate. Read everyone else's reviews and you will get a sense of that subtle nuance in their writing. Dixie offers flawlessly professional, warm, and friendly service that leaves you to focus on enjoying their love for food.   Five well deserved stars for perfection all the way around! I would not hesitate to recommend this restaurant to everyone I know. Thank you to my dear friend and fellow Yelper Cherylynn for her great review and enthusiastic recommendation that brought me to this memorable restaurant.PS: I went back for lunch a few days after my dinner here. I enjoyed yet another 5 star experience! I plan to go again. This is easily my favorite restaurant for 2012!
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2012,5/11/2013,1289,809,14,17,15>Thanks to my trusty fellow Yelper Mike C., who put Lai Hong Lounge on my radar (I had no idea this place even existed), I now am 20 pounds heavier from dim sum today.With Mike L., Sara P., Boyfriend, and two other friends by my side (literally, because the table they gave us was basically a semi-circle but we could only use part of it since the other part was next to someone else's table), we ordered too much (oops) and almost had to roll ourselves out the door and into the rain.Between the six of us, we ordered 19 dishes (some of them were double orders).  Darn their menu style, as it's the kind where you mark down how many orders you want of something, and because it's tough to conceptualize how many pieces would actually be in an order (sometimes it's 3, sometimes it's 4, etc.), we didn't see a single square inch of our tablecloth.  The corresponding photo only shows about 2/3 of the food we ordered and received.Highlights: coconut and red bean cake, egg tart (dan tat), custard and egg yolk bun, lotus-leaf-wrapped sticky rice, chicken feet, pork spareribs, potstickersMediocre: assorted dumplings, steamed pork buns (they were pretty salty and didn't have the sweetness of regular BBQ), Chinese donut wrapped with rice noodle (too salty)Pass: beef spareribsGrand total for all the food?  $140.Bottom line: good prices, good food (for the most part), not as crowded as Great Eastern, food coma.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,5/10/2013,752,1357,14,21,19>(See pics) Review #1351.Sandwich is more 3.5 stars. The 4 stars is because of the dessert.What was once popular Corazon Juicebar (there were people coming in looking for the old place) now is a sandwich shop. No sign until Friday (3/28) as they are really trying to test out their menus WITHOUT too much publicity.I really think the owner has a kick in making DESSERTS more than the sandwiches and that is why reviewing the dessert first as it's the real highlight!Sterling has recently lived in France so this looks like a dream extension. Every dessert is made by him and as he mentioned (yeah sorry I was skeptical), it's the lighter sweet kind! They looked so very pretty and meticulously elegant, from tiramisu to chocolate, to fruit tarts. All were lovely and I had the strawberry cake and must say the aroma bursts out through the creamy silkness! If they would only add the coffee drink or tea, it will be a perfect afternoon spot or after dinner place to relax.Onto the sandwiches, they have a handful selection including Devil's Eggs on deli white (suggested it would be a real nice appetizer), Mozzapesto on focaccia, San Franciscon (west coast style pastrami with provolone) on rustic French, The King (only sweet sandwich with peanut butter, banana, honey, chocolate, frosted flakes!) on brioche, Picnic Club (chicken with chipotle) on ciabatta and Hainan Chicken on dutch crunch.Was totally eying the Hainan chicken but that was the one not recommended. The owner, Sterling, said if you are Chinese and had the Hainan chicken back home, you would find it to be not like that. Asked if maybe there was a twist to his recipe and it was said to still be perfected. So instead I ordered his recommendation (his most confident dish like The Taste show) and had the Picnic Club.The chicken was decently 3.35 stars but the good substantial size made it up to 3.5 stars. It's $8.5 but paid half price as everything is (drinks and food) until Friday night during their soft opening. The little bacon bites were with a tingle of sweetness and a nice touch of crunchiness. It was also packed with mustard, lettuce and tomato, the standard. Did sincerely suggested that every sandwich has to be good and not just 1 or 2 signatures in the long run and look forward to the future visits.They also made quiches in house. So many choices in such a small place!Another major high point is they are currently open until 8pm and midnight on the weekends. This is bound to change to also open until midnight during the week. Considering Revolution is just around the corner and the shop is in between 2 major, major streets of late night establishments, or if you just live in the hood, having a bite here is a refreshing new option comparing with the bacon wrapped hot dogs and pizza, as one patron excitedly pointed out about the choice of switching out pizzas.The peeps here were super friendly, like Mission genuine friendly, and the business partner who came in a bit later was also a nice chap checking and preparing more decorations and chit chatted with customers.Do want to see when this tiny shop expands to include next door office space, as well as other choices of sandwiches such as anchovy with capers (would be a definite to try.)Grand opening is this Saturday and if you are into vodka they are planning on having a party serving that with other refreshments and food.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,5/9/2013,558,227,22,10,16>As someone who spends most of his Valentines Days alone (in part because my contraceptive of choice is my personality), I made a decision a few years ago to do something extraordinarily manly every V-Day I'm single. These "man-fests" have ranged from going suit shopping, to climbing tall mountains and bellowing affirmations of my awesomeness to pesants in the vales below. This year, I decided to eat something ridiculously large, the Torta Cubana at "That's It Market", made famous by the most manly of Television personalities, Anthony Bourdain.This sandwich would be remarkable for the wide variety of meats it includes: Breaded Steak, Chicken, Ham, Bacon, Hot Dogs, Chorizo and Eggs. However, not being a sandwich for mere mortals, the Cubana also includes a maddening combination of Jalapenos, Refried Beans, Mayo, Lettuce, and Cheese within its ludicrously proportioned eight-inch girth.Jesus Christ, I got a post-traumatic case of the meat sweats along with some heart palpitations from even listing that ungodly combination of ingredients. Talk about things I couldn't eat if I were in a relationship...However, sandwiches like this are not truly complete without a bitchin sauce to round out the flavor. In this case, the sauce came in the form of Thats It's face-scorchingly spicy red salsa--enhanced with a touch of citrus, fresno chile and some delightfully chunky onion- and rich and smokey chipolte sauce, chocolate in color and reminiscent of the finer mole sauces I've eaten in my life. While the lady at the counter clearly thought I was crazy simply by virtue of my request for "as many Jalapenos as you can fit on this thing", and for going at this sandwich alone, my request for the "spiciest salsa you can wrangle up" was apparently noteworthy enough for all of her co-workers to leave their posts and come watch the white boy erupt into flames. While the crowd slowly mulled around me, I dug in.How was the sandwich itself? Well, without the salsa, it was sort of a mess. And by a mess, I mean it got all over my (formerly white) shirt, my hands, my beard and my mustache. Without the salsa, the flavors were kind of a mess too, one bite would be chorizo and bacon (which I would have liked a little more of) the next hot dog and processed ham (whichI certainly could have used far less of). But, when anchored by the slick, lava-like burn of the salsas, what resulted was an unusualy textured (the toasted french loaf contrasting with the beans, breaded steak and eggs was especially nice), salty, and undeniably bitchin' meal, which, for a mere ten dollars was enough to feed a small family in a war-torn country...or at least giant enough to help repair the ego and self-image of a Graduate Student on his least favorite holiday. That, and the fact that I finished eating with an audience watching made it a worthy feat to crown my otherwise inglorious Valentine's Day an immortal testamant to my manliness.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,5/8/2013,409,334,19,12,7>What kind of evil madman puts a donut shop at the end of my 5 mile run?An AMAZING one, that's who.I finished my run from Russian Hill to Fort Point and back to the Marina Green, and I found myself hungry since I'd missed breakfast prior to setting off. But luckily these evil geniuses were camped out here, and I sampled their apple bacon maple glazed slice of heaven geniusness donut.Delish.so thanks a lot, you evil dynamo people, for negating almost my entire run with one donut.***soooo worth it
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,5/7/2013,628,554,10,14,13>Highlights: - Cheap, quick, and fast dinner option needed? King of Thai to the rescue! - Dining area on one side, full bar on the other with a few TVs, and seating upstairs too (I believe). - My favorite is their Pad see ew: Stir fried flat rice noodle, choice of meat (chicken), egg, and Chinese broccoli in sweet black soy sauce. Dependent on what type of meat you choose, it's only $6.50-$8.00 for this dish! Not burnt and I didn't smell any burnt wok smell. Perfect! - Main courses and appetizers run from $6.50+. I'm lovin' it! - Beers $2 for domestic and $3 for imported. Say what?! Why aren't there more people here getting their beer drinking on? Improvements: - Chairs were really uncomfortable. They sank in and I could feel the wooden square structure that was holding the chair in place. Tip: I never had to wait every time I came during dinner time. I saw a lot of To Go orders and they even deliver if you want to order online.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,5/6/2013,802,711,13,30,19>This is probably as good as it gets in Chinatown.  This is better than Hon's wonton house on Kearny.  When I was growing up here, there is no such thing as restaurants like these.  The less you knew about how the food was prepared, the better off you'll be.  The open kitchen allows you to see what's going on with your food.  This is a rarity in Chinatown.  The people here are from my village, Thaisan.  Very honest and hard working people with the intent to give you the best possible experience.  The owner lives in the neighborhood which gives it that sense of ...........I must support the local businesses.  To the food.....................It's good.  Not the best I have ever had but for San Francisco, this might be the best won ton house that we have to offer.  The broth was made the way I remembered when I was a kid.  My uncle used to own On On Wonton house in Oakland.  I personally thought they made it the best.The items they have here is limited.  Get the beef stew wonton noodles.  They are known for that here.  I've tried the curry and the jook here is only ok.  Just stick to the wonton noodles and beef stew and you'll be ok.The portions are on the smaller side but for 4.50 a bowl, you can order 2.  As for the price, believe it or not, it's a little pricey for Chinatown.  You are probably thinking 4.50 a bowl is pricey?  Yes, it is for Chinatown pricing.  However, for the quality of food, and cleanliness of the restaurant, I would pay the higher price.Great find in Chinatown!!!
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,5/5/2013,1258,548,44,35,28>I must admit, I miss the free and easy parking at the old Exploratorium site. I know that's a petty complaint to some, but I have two kids under the age of four and I'm usually hauling a camper full of conveniences with me wherever we go. It's not for me as much as it is for the general public. Trust me, you don't want to see me without a diaper bag in an emergency. Although the Exploratorium was the aim of this review, the parking was so difficult and expensive, it has become the focus of everything I remember from my first visit to Pier 15.  And if you've ever tried to travel anywhere longer than a mile with kids, you understand the trouble with taking Muni anywhere in the city for the following reasons:1) Stuff. Tons of stuff. Stuff for diaper blow outs. Stuff for soaked clothing caused by mysterious pools of water every child seems to easily find. Edible stuff for stuffing into hungry faces. Stuff for carrying the stuff.  Basically, all the stuff that doesn't fit neatly into a full Muni bus or train. 2) People hate you on Muni. Yes, you with the adorable kids that do nothing wrong. All they need to do is take up space and breathe the same air as the passengers on Muni. They're deemed annoying without a fair trial. Anyone under the height of three feet is considered a possible threat to a peaceful transit ride in Muni world. Peter Dinklage barely sizes out of that category, and people LOVE Game of Thrones. 3) It's gross. Muni is suffering from budget deficits, obviously, because they used to hose the busses out once in a while. Now, you're lucky if you get a bus that doesn't smell like a urinal. Your curious kid will be touching unknown ooze and then licking their fingers to see if it tastes like strawberry jam. Basically, it's the beginning of a terrifying, big budget movie about infectious monkeys. And by monkeys, I mean your kids. 4) Getting children on and off a bus is not unlike wrestling crocodiles in a swamp full of Crisco while handcuffed to a chimpanzee in a roid rage. Other than the parking, it was a fun visit, albeit really confusing. We tried reading the signs but felt constantly lost. Larger signs or arrows on the floor might help people find their destinations. Trying to exit took ten minutes. We simply couldn't find the door easily because the signage was very hard to follow. And no, I'm not THAT sleep deprived and yes, I do have a college degree.It's worth mentioning the food has vastly improved, but the high prices reflect the quality. One sushi roll was $8.00.  Delicious, but feeding two kids and two adults will set you back at least $40. I spent $53 because of drinks and side dishes. Ouch. It's their first week, and I have faith they will make their adjustments and be running smoothly in a few months. But at $19 for a ticket (resident prices) this definitely won't be our weekly destination. I have the distinct impression residents are not their target, however. In other words, tourists will love it.P.S.  Dear Exploratorium,Because I'm Korean and am required to taste test every non-Korean restaurant that serves it, I tried the "kimchee" in your food court.  Stop it.  Just stop.Hugs,Kristina
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2012,5/4/2013,1118,942,9,18,16>OTG: North BeachOrganizer website: offthegridsf.comHours: Wednesdays 5-9pm8-10 food trucksToday was opening day for OTG North Beach, joining other dinner time OTG events in SF (Upper Haight, and Fort Mason). It's a welcome addition for residents, and seemingly propitious timing too. Same day as the SF Giants win over the Tigers in game 1. Go Giants!!The food trucks park inside the Joe DiMaggio Playground (multi purpose courts area), located on the same block as the soon to be renovated tiny North Beach Public Library. Enter on Lombard street.Unlike other OTGs, the site was suggested by neighborhood groups. The only restriction is no Italian foods, so they don't compete with neighborhood restaurants. Therefore u won't see any pizza or panini trucks. I love that food trucks bring a wider variety of dining options to this area.Not much street parking available. The Muni #30 bus stops in front of the library. And the Powell-Mason cable car stops nearby, at Columbus and Lombard. My reviews for individual trucks are posted separately.Just for reference, the North Beach farmers market happens on adjacent Mason street, Sunday mornings.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2009,8/1/2010,2747,1075,18,34,36>A nice, quiet neighborhood French restaurant.  A dear friend of ours decided to treat us to Christmas Eve dinner here, and that worked for us just as much as it worked for her.  There was a table waiting when we arrived, the staff wished us Merry Christmas in French, and the whole evening just unfolded like that.  I'm always surprised to see the quiet calm along this little stretch of Noe Street.  It seems positively suburban, yet it is right off of Market Street, in the very heart of the City.  Our friend decided to start the evening with a bottle of Sancerre '07 while she discussed the cheeses with the waitstaff.  As the conversation moved lightly around the table, we asked every possible question about the menu, and every question was answered.  The menu was just the starting point, as our friend and My Lady both made special requests of the chef.  All their requests were met with a "Yes" and a smile.  A salad of arugula with sliced persimmon held our attention, along with the cheese plate that was made to order, as the chef's choice did not coincide with our friend's choice.  In this restaurant, apparently, the customer is always right.  The entrees we chose were a lobster special, a filet mignon, and a hanger steak.  Although the lobster was about average, both the steaks were outstanding.  The french fries were cooked in duck fat and bacon, and needless to say, we were all feeling merry by the end of our unhurried evening.  Although our friend paid the tab, I noticed that the entrees were running about $18 to $35, and that the appetizers were priced around $10.  We wrapped up the meal with a couple of creme broulees, with coffee and chamomile tea.  Some say it's better to give than receive, but we all seemed about equally pleased with this gift.  I dare say I enjoyed receiving it quite enthusiastically.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2010,7/30/2010,323,110,15,22,17>I couldn't miss seeing a show that included a 5 course dinner, even if it meant I had to leave work early.  It has been 10 years since I first saw Teatro and I don't recall it being as funny as my recent visit to celebrate JCP's daughter's birthday.  This is an experience not to be missed. Think Cirque du Soleil meets Beach Blanket Babylon in a Mardi Gras setting with 70's musical hits.  There was live band music with singing, dancing, and acrobatics.  It sounds completely chaotic but it totally worked and it was non-stop entertainment.  The show was "Hearts on Fire" (with a running date from 2/4 to 5/16) featuring the disco queen of the 70's herself Thelma Houston.  She could still belt out those notes and shake her booty.  A performance took place in between each course of the meal and each course was worked into the script.  It was a smooth and fun transition.  The skits were hilarious (Christine Deaver was magnificent), the performances were provocative and sensuous, and the acrobatics was powerful and full of energy.  Keep in mind that all of this was going on just a few feet away from the dining tables. It was amazing to see the male performers do cartwheels and flips without hitting the audience.  Everyone was so talented even the waitresses/servers were dancing when they brought our food.  The show was fantastic with a 5 course meal to match.1ST course: Cowgirl Creamery St. Pat's Brie with balsamic cherries, dried apricot, spiced almonds & crostini2ND course: Spring pea soup3RD course: Sweet baby gems, escarole, roasted asparagus, and pickled red onions mixed with champagne vinaigrette4TH course: choice of 3 entrees.  I picked Ancho rubbed spring lamb sirloin with baby organic roasted potatoes and garlic butter.  5TH course: Raspberry lime crème fraiche mousse cake.  I ate everything on my plate.  Nothing was left to waste.  It was completely delicious.  I was told that the show along with the 5 course meal changes 4 times a year.  So if you miss this one, check out the next show "Love, Chaos, & Couture" (with a running date 5/20 - 8/15).  Believe me, you will laugh your ass off and leave with a full stomach.  Thank you JCP for inviting me to a fabulously fun and memorable evening.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2010,7/29/2010,2534,499,29,31,35>This store is wild!!!  Popped in here the other day and it reminded me of some of the stores on Haight, but smaller and with more content.  Freaky things and cool things...jewelry, figurines, boxes, even scary masks.  Prices seemed pretty reasonable...I've seen those crazy masks go for a lot more in other stores.  Considered getting one for the wall at home, but it just didn't go with my decor.  One thing for sure, you'll never get bored when you walk in here...highly entertaining!Oh and a funny thing happened while I was in there.  I saw a salt shaker on top of their glass counter and figured it was there to dispel evil spirits or something.  One tends to think that way when you see all the stuff in there.  Well, after a customer finished paying and left with her purchase, the cashier realized she forgot something and said, "Oh no, the lady forgot her salt shaker!!!"  I was like, "Oh-kay...I thought the store put it there to dispel evil spirits!"  Apparently not...we all had a real good laugh...who'd have guessed it?  Hoping the lady came back to get her salt shaker.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2010,7/28/2010,270,234,21,30,27>Good Eats Cafe is right next to Chez Carla on Pine St. and has various sandwich and salad options that are reasonably priced for FiDi. They offer falafel and gyro wraps as well. The workers were attentive and friendly when we walked in and were patient with me when I couldn't decide on what I wanted...story of my life. =PI ordered the hot Mediterranean sandwich ($6.29) and there was a choice of getting a wheat or French roll. Using a fluffy roll for the sandwich instead of 2 slices of bread definitely added to the "wow" factor when it was unwrapped. It was great that the contents of the sandwich were indeed hot and the cheese was melted!The portion was pretty intimidating for a sandwich but mostly because the roll was thick. It also contained tomato, lettuce, roasted eggplant, zucchini, red bell peppers, provolone cheese, and a generous amount of basil pesto spread. I didn't expect it to be spicy but the veggies were seasoned with various spices and packed a significant amount of heat. It was very appetizing, flavorful, and filling!Will be back soon...on my rotation of lunch places!
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2009,7/27/2010,3057,2814,26,40,34>Thank the Roman gods that Castro Valley has reasonable fire laws because otherwise, owner Tony Gemignani would have never opened his newest pizza place on the best corner in North Beach. Y'see, they wouldn't let him build the wood-burning oven necessary to make the amazing pizza we in SF get to have all to ourselves. This guy went to Naples and freakin' beat all the locals in a pizza-making contest that probably had the Cosa Nostras up in arms. So I came here for a birthday celebration on Saturday. Yes, it was mine, and it was a big one ...a BIG one. So there were eight of us, and my friend Maggie managed to engineer the big booth in the front window. Now the deal is you can't make reservations, so we sat across the street in the big, old Rat Pack-style bar at Joe DiMaggio's keeping an eagle eye for our table to open. My motor was already running a bit with a couple of Bellinis and a few mouthfuls of antipasto in me. It only took an hour, and we were as excited as a bunch of bulimics at an all-you-can-eat buffet when we got seated. We had an amazing waitress who explained all the differences between the thirty pizzas on the menu. We settled on four different pies, five in total - the $17 Margherita Extra with cherry tomatoes, the $10 Classic Pepperoni (a steal), the Truffle Pizza Napoletana (two of those $38 puppies - ah, the price of real truffles!), and the $18 Cal Italia. It's all in the thin, flash-fired crust just burnt enough to give the pizza a smoky flavor and yet chewy enough to carry all the superb ingredients on top. All were extremely tasty, but the absolute standout for me is the Cal Italia (see photo), as perfect a blend of sweet and savory as I've ever tasted on a pizza. This is no pineapple and ham combo. It combines four cheeses - asiago, mozzarella, gorgonzola and shaved Parmesan - with a prosciutto di Parma that's drizzled with sweet, aged balsamic. There is a Croatian fig preserve right in the center. How perfect to get to eat this pizza just before a trip I'm taking to Venice, Bologna and Dubrovnik. I'll be back...again...and again...and again. Oh and the green beans bathing in garlic are great, too. FOOD - 5 stars...best thin-crust in town and the Cal Italia is now officially essential San Francisco dining, says me AMBIANCE - 4.5 stars...fun, loud place with the ovens a-blazing for your culinary pleasure...it's katty-korner from Washington Square Park SERVICE - 5 stars...really enthusiastic and knowledgeable...we were never steered wrong TOTAL - 5 stars...glad you came across the bay, Tony, my goombah!
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2010,7/26/2010,679,81,47,63,56>A friend and I ducked into DeLise to escape the cold and try a little nibble. After taking a moment to soak in the amazing feeling of the heater and the smell of fresh baked goods, my friend looked around at the picturesque pastry displays and said "I think we're going to be here for awhile".Owner Dennis rushed to our assistance, letting us know that all baked goods, ice creams, frozen yogurts and sorbets are made in house using local organic ingredients whenever possible. Within a few minutes of chatting with Dennis, we were able to ascertain that he is likely the friendliest person on Earth. He offered us many samples while we were making our selections, included extra pastries in our order, and continued to bring over complimentary items as we sat eating. Thanks to his generosity, we were able to try:1. Lychee Rose Frozen Yogurt: a current Valentine's special, this fat free frozen yogurt has a soft fruity and floral flavor.2. Peach Champagne Frozen Yogurt: fresh and peachy with just the right amount of champagne kick.3. Pear Lavender Sorbet: I haven't paired these two together before, but I loved the combination. My favorite of all the frozen treats we tried.4. Chocolate Spice Sorbet: Dennis advised me to sample this one last...with rich dark chocolate, spicy cinnamon, and a cayenne pepper punch, it is the perfect finale.5. Valentine's Brownie: fudge brownie with dried mango, candied ginger and lavender. An intensely rich and flavorful brownie.6. Devil's Chocolate Cupcake: rich chocolate cake with dulce de leche frosting, sea salt, and pink peppercorns. This cupcake was sweet and salty perfection -- my favorite baked good of the day.7. Chocolate Chip Cookie: fresh from the oven (when my friend had wanted to order one, they were out, so Dennis baked more and brought them to us). Soft and warm and amazing with melted chocolate chips.8. Vanilla Honey Shortbread: honey is the ingredient all other shortbreads I've had must have been missing.9. Macademia Nut Blondie: sweet and simple, this blondie stick was perfect for dipping in the pear lavender sorbet.10. Passionfruit Habanero Dark Chocolate Truffle: Unbelievabye rich and flavorful, with the creative kick of habanero.DeLise does pastries my way -- small. This allows for maximum tasting, and we certainly left feeling fully satisfied.The bakery is owned and operated by Dennis and his wife, who just had an adorable baby. We were thrilled when Mom came in with baby Gabriel toward the end of our visit and we got to play with him for a few minutes. If little Gabriel inherits any of his parents' skills with pastry, he'll be set with the ladies for life.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2009,7/25/2010,492,201,52,48,49>I ordered the crystal snow jelly in mango and coconut milk, which was served in a beautiful glass, layered with jelly, mango bits, coconut milk, and topped with fresh coconut cubes. (static.px.yelp.com/bphot…) The crystal snow jelly was soft and chewy, with the consistency of tapioca, but slightly smaller in size. The mango was ripe and delightfully sweet, matching the sweet creaminess of the cool coconut milk. As I sat sucking each jelly ball up through my straw, I began perusing the back of the dessert menu, which explained the health benefits of protein-choked coconut milk and how beneficial snow jelly is to the complexion of unborn babies. My non-existent child will be pleased.I also ordered the mango mochi, (static.px.yelp.com/bphot…) filled with fresh mango and covered in shredded coconut. The filling was a tad too sweet, though the mochi were quite fresh and topped generously with coconut. (static.px.yelp.com/bphot…)Mango madness! :)
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2010,7/24/2010,203,115,19,21,20>I love going to farmers markets, but I can never wake up early enough to get to the goods.  Lo and behold I find Pacifica Farmers Market.  It's basically a Trader Joe's and Whole Foods on crack.  They have a great selection of produce.  I stuffed my basket with spinach, herbs, apples, nectarines, oranges...and the list goes on and on.  I'd like to come back here to try out their meats.  I don't think I would do all of my grocery shopping here on a regular basis because I believe I will seriously go broke.  Expect to pay some $ for your groceries here, but I must say you really do get the quality you pay for.  Fresh and locally grown products you feel good about eating-can't go wrong there. I'm a fan of Pacifica Farmers Market, and I will definitely be back.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2010,7/21/2010,364,268,14,17,14>Located right next door to Perbacco, Barbacco is like the younger enthusiastic sibling trying to break away from the shadow of its older wiser counterpart. As a result you get a hip and trendy Italian Trattoria that's a bit more laid back serving up food that's just as good but at a friendlier price point. Definitely a great place to take your clients if you want them to be at ease and not appear to be too pretentious.  The wine menu: It was larger than the food menu and had a good selection of wines listed by region. Unlike most restaurants, the Barbacco wine menu has 3oz pours -- perfect for those who are indecisive at heart. In addition, there was a hearty list of wines by the glass. Most restaurants give you a few choice selections and the rest of the wine menu consists of the bottles. The dinner menu: Though consisting of only 2 pages, the selections are pretty solid. I like the idea of listing the salumi plates separately--another great option for the indecisive. My guest and I ordered 2 salumi dishes. The duck mortadella, with its perfect texture and taste, blew me away...so much so that I have forgotten what the other salumi plate was. For our second course, we had the squid and mussels. The mussels were very fresh and the sauce was so well balanced I could have drunk it as a soup. The main course consisted of the ribs, carpaccio, pork ragu, and a side of brussels sprouts. Out of the three, the carpaccio was the best. What makes a good carpaccio plate perfect is not only how thin the meat is cut nor how fresh it is. A perfect carpaccio plate sits on top of a bed of arugula and is sprinkled with just the right amount of salt. People often say of the younger sibling that they can go either way--they can become so spoiled rotten that they make nothing of themselves and just live in other people's shadow, or they try so hard to be seen as an individual that they break the mold and become someone great. I believe the latter will be true of Barbacco.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2010,7/20/2010,1382,542,33,45,44>I've found a new "go-to" place for brunch!I was out with a friend for lunch/ brunch and our first choice was closed for some arbitrary reason. I dialed up the yelp app and this place came up as the closest and best rated place that looked like it was reasonably priced. At least two thirds of the time I use yelp to find a place I find the ratings to be a little over blown but this time they were low if anything.There is plenty of numbered street parking. Once you park you go pay some central machine for how long you think you'll be there. I had a little trouble figuring it out at first but once you do its only 25 cents for every 15 minutes, a bargain in The City.This place is the opposite of every snotty, trendy, hipper than thou brunch place we've all become used to. The waiters look and act like waiters without any visible tattoos or piercings.My friend wanted to sit on the patio, which I don't usually like. I can live without the sun, dust, and car exhaust dining experience. The deck at Delancy was perfect. Trees and umbrellas shade the entire patio. They have a Plexiglas barrier completely surrounding the patio to keep street noise and debris from disturbing you. They even have heat lamps to keep the chill out of your bones.Once I saw the eggs Benedict on the menu I had to have it, I can't resist a good Benedict, and these were perfect. I'm not talking about someone putting their own spin on the dish or some trendy pseudo Benedict, I'm talking about a classic Eggs Benedict perfectly executed. The yolks were runny, the white was solid, the sauce was creamy and lemony, the bacon was Smokey without being too salty, and the muffin did it's job of holding the whole thing together. Now for the best part, the price for this amazing brunch was $6.95.After what I went through at Paul K and Red Door Cafe recently it was great to have a nice pleasant meal without gimmicks, attitude, or any shenanigans at all.yelp.com/biz/red-door-ca…yelp.com/biz/paul-k-san-…
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2014,11/28/2014,744,497,5,10,6>Good gyros and falafels at a reasonable price with super-friendly service. In addition to being flavorful, the gyros are well constructed and less messy to eat than most. I love the combo (chicken, lamb & beef) gyro, which also comes with tomatoes, red onions and tahini wrapped in a lavash. Four small tables and counter stools for nine, which is not a lot of seating. But there are always open tables - if you're the rare worker be who can afford to not fly back to the hive to eat.A great place to grab lunch for $7-$10.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2014,11/27/2014,178,144,12,9,9>I was born with dim sum in my belly. Literally. That was the last meal my mom had before giving birth. I like to think that's why I'm such a dim sum fiend (although I'm probably just addicted to the msg). This and Good Mong Kok are the best dim sum delis in Chinatown, although take that with a grain of salt because I rate places based almost exclusively on their har gow, pork siu mai, and shark fin dumplings (I don't like pork buns). I alternate between the two, however I usually go here because it's right across the street from the bus stop and there's less of a line. It's cheap, it's delicious and it's never done me wrong, and I typically get my breakfast here on the way to work 1-2x a week.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2014,11/26/2014,371,102,10,14,14>Finally, review #100. On this special occasion, I had to save this review specifically for AT&T Park's Gotham Club. As a long tenured season ticket holder, I've always wondered how AT&T Park can further enhance my baseball experience up another notch, and the opening of Gotham Club for the 2014 season was just the answer. This place is like Disney's Club 33, but for any person that truly appreciates baseball and it's rich history. Gotham Club pays homage to its 1883 New York Gotham roots with that speak easy feel, hidden away from the general public and exclusive to it's members and their guest. First, the Game Room located on the suite level of the park. The front door is inconspicuous, looking like a janitor closet or electrical room with a small insignia marked GC1883. Once you walk in, the narrow hallways lead you two ways; one to the Billiards side, to shoot some pool on its beautiful custom made all black table. There are also a few classic arcade machines along the walls; Galaga, Donkey Kong, Pacman, and Golden Tee Golf. As classic as these games are, I do wish they installed better games that peaked my interest. Walk over across the other side of the hall to the bowling alley where there are two lanes available for play and a dart board tucked away in the corner. My favorite area is the Clubhouse located right behind the actual scoreboard. Just like the suite level entrance the marina entrance is also indistinct, a fully stained glass door with the same insignia of GC 1883. After checking in at the front desk the fun begins. Before running upstairs to the Clubhouse, stop by the Bullpen. Any given game day, if you get to the ballpark early enough, you can catch batting practice in this area located in front of the scoreboard for both the Giants and opposing teams. Bring your glove and catch fly balls that come your way with the possibility of getting an autograph. In every sense of the way every adult becomes a kid again with this experience. Once this area closes off for the game, this area becomes a viewing spot where you can actually catch the game on field level with a bar conveniently located close by.After catching some batting practice, go upstairs to the Clubhouse for the bar area and restaurant. This is my favorite place to hangout before the game and relax while enjoying the views of McCovey Cove or the outfield. The chairs and couches are comfortable enough that you never want to get up, but who needs to get up when the service staff here are also warm and friendly. I've gotten to know a few of them that recognize me throughout the season and they greet and remember me every time I walk in. Drinks and food are pretty good here --I'd still rather order food at concessions-- with the exception of being a little overpriced even for ballpark standards. One of the more interesting things about Gotham Club is that you can also catch the scoreboard staff changing score panels for active games going on around the league.Gotham Club is truly a unique privilege and experience for any fan, I am glad that we have claim to something that's one of a kind. I can't wait for next season to see what else this park can do for its fans.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2014,11/25/2014,671,505,8,12,13>Oh Haigs,  you will be missed. But on to the next,  new shiny thing. Walking to sushi for a late night bite, we were completely stunned to see that Haigs' paper-covered windows now had shiny lights (a la vintage movie theater)! Tonight was the soft opening of Richmond Republic,  brought to you by the folks at Chomp n Swig. A huge bar top lines the entire right side of the venue, featuring 23 different types of craft local brews. The left side lined with tables. Wine also offered. Apparently they will be a bar and grill once they officially open. They're set up with large TVs throughout,  for maximum sports enjoyment. Overall,  a very pleasant surprise and welcome new addition to the hood. Sushi can wait.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2014,11/24/2014,279,313,16,7,8>All about that bass, 'bout that bass... no treble.... Actually it's all about that beef and bacon burger! No frills... just bun, beef/bacon patty, and cheese. No tomatoes, lettuce, and all that non-sense! Pickle on the side, check. Can waffle fries get any better?? Yes, when you add a ton of pulled pork and sauce it all up in there! Stick an American flag on it cuz you know this dish is truly an American hero! Let it go, let it gooooo: the chicken teriyaki bowl on the other hand was just ok. Nothing special. Something I think I could have thrown together at home. *Don't know why this review turned out to be a musical edition... oh wells!
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2014,11/23/2014,123,184,8,10,8>I'm sure there have been plenty of other ice cream stores that make a made-to-order ice cream sandwich, but I can't imagine there are many that do it as well as Cream.  The cookies are perfectly baked, soft, and chewy cookies.  Combine that with amazing ice cream flavors and you have a pretty delicious combination.  Yeah, it can be a sloppy mess trying to eat this sweet concoction, but it's worth it.  Big time.  I tried a snicker doodle cookie with pumpkin ice cream.  Amazing.  Also tried chocolate chip cookie with peanut butter twist ice cream.  Also, amazing.  If you are having a cheat day (after running a marathon or two), then stop by cream and get your cookie and ice cream fix.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2014,11/22/2014,186,164,12,14,10>WHAT?! I don't have a review for Alexander's yet?! Well, here it is!I've been here multiple times, with my girlfriend and friends, on different occasions.EVERY TIME I come here, the food is consistent and delicious. I came here on Saturday night with my girlfriend to celebrate our "monthiversary" (haha). Anyways, Alexander's offered us complimentary champagne for the night and it was amazing.Let me start off with our drinks. Our reservation was at 6:45 and although we arrived on time, we waited a couple mins before being seated (no big deal). While waiting, we ordered a few cocktail drinks but were seated before our drinks arrived. I ordered the Onsen Fizz and my girlfriend ordered the Famous Smuggler. Both drinks were good (fruity if that's what you like). The drinks were later brought to us at our table.Upon being seated, there was a nice little card for us courtesy of Alexander's for our monthiversary. Very nice gesture by Alexander's and definitely a way to make the customers feel appreciated.Our server, Blake, was very informative and extremely helpful. I wanted to try out the wagyu (FINALLY) and he gave recommendations on which to try, all while explaining in detail on the differences between them.For starters, we went with Hamachi Shots. When you're at Alexander's, you BETTER order these. Who goes to Alexander's without ordering the Hamachi Shots?I ultimately decided to go with the Sendai (not on the menu but priced the same as the Miyazaki) and Tajima F1 so that I can compare the taste of Australian Wagyu vs Japanese. The Sendai was HANDS down better (hence the price). The pieces literally melted in my mouth as I put them in. SMOOTH LIKE BUTTER. Tajima F1 tasted just like ordinary steak if you ask me (skip it).My girlfriend ordered the 20oz Prime Rib (we're big eaters). Excellent as usual (in my opinion) but she thought it was a bit too salty. She gave up at about 1/3 into the prime rib so I took over. 6 oz of wagyu was definitely not enough to fill me up!We also ordered the Schichimi fries to go with our meal. Your typical seasoned stringy fries. Total for our bill came out to about $370 including tips. Not your typical everyday dinner but definitely worth coming for a special occasion.A+ for the food and A+ for the service. Wish I could say the same about parking but hey, you're spending all this money on food already, what's an additional $15?Cash/Credit accepted.***PARKING***: Street metered parking, valet, or parking lot. Valet is $20, street metered parking is $7/hr (special event parking courtesy of the San Francisco Giants), or parking lot next to Wells Fargo for $15 flat rate.TIP: I recommend the Prime Rib if you're looking to eat here for the experience but you're on a budget. Definitely the best bang for your buck at ~$50.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,11/21/2014,328,172,18,24,22>For years I never knew what this little pastry shop was called. My dad used to take me here as a kid and we'd walk out with a big pink box that I'd lovingly guard in my lap on the ride home. Inside this magical pink box? Their heavenly coffee crunch cake. You're probably wondering what could possibly make this cake so appealing. It's just cake after all. But it's four layers of soft white sponge cake and fluffy whipped cream topped with the most tantalizing coffee crunch topping. The crunch has the consistency of toffee-like meringue that starts off light and crisp, but develops into a slightly chewy consistency that just barely sticks to your teeth. The flavors of each component work together beautifully and come together to make one awesome cake! The only downside to this cake is the fact that it's delicate and not too sweet or heavy, which literally makes you want to devour the entire thing. I am no savage though! I only have seconds. This mom 'n pop sweet shop makes all their cakes and pastries with love and expertise, which really produces some quality goods. Their coffee crunch cake is only about $30, which is a steal in my opinion! It's a staple birthday cake in my family and we always call ahead just to make sure it's ready for us because they're often sold out by the afternoon. Do give them a try if you haven't already! They're easy to pass up if you're walking by....but maybe that's a good thing. More coffee crunch cake for me!
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2014,11/20/2014,330,37,28,32,32>I found this little jungle to be quite delightful!  I came here to specifically buy some herbs (no not THAT herb) as a present for one of my clients. I was freaking out about how I was gonna pot it and I really didn't wanna buy a huge azz bag of soil.What was incredibly noticeable was that John (forgive me if your name is Paul or something) *guy with animal sits outside on bench.  There.  Anyways, you were EXTREMELY helpful and gracious.  I appreciate the fact you took the time to mix up a nice batch of "I don't know what" plant food, and then pot them FOR me!  Woot.  Not gonna ruin THIS manicure! (JK I can't afford those).They have everything from succulents to herbs to giant azz trees.  I bought a cute little succulent for like $3.  The prices are VERY reasonable.I'm including some pics.  There's a nice lounge and party area, and it simply feels like an Amazonian slice of a jungle hangout when you're in there.  I recommend coming here for any plant needs, or even scheduling a hip and wild party (I'm thinking about it).  They even have free wine.  (Sorry I took the bottle) :/
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2014,11/19/2014,415,110,23,39,28>Sixth Course is located in the shady area of mission district, 15th street. People who live in the city know what 16th and mission is known for. Conveniently, the Bart station is a block away so there is no need to drive during the day. Please, do drive at night if you do come to visit Sixth Course. Sixth Course recently opened just last week! It is a small store that sells handmade truffles, gelato popsicles and other small desserts! In the back of the store, there are four stools where customers can watch where the magic of the sweets are being made! Each truffle costs $2 each. There are more than 10 different kinds of truffles to choose from! The packaging of which the truffles goes into is sustainable and sturdy. The truffles do not rock back and forth in the box and does not melt (unless you purposely put it in the sun). The gelato pops are $5 each. There were 3 different flavors when I went. Apparently, Sixth Course change out the flavors of the pops. So keep a look out for your favorite kind of pop! The other desserts like the dessert in the jar or cakes are $6. My first time at Sixth Course, I got the Huckleberry Panna Cotta Verrine $6 (Vanilla Huckleberry panna cotta, Huckleberry Gelee, Crispy Streusal). The panna cotta is also vegetarian and gluten free so I don't feel so bad indulging in this treat! With the first bite, I think I fell in love. The panna cotta tasted so smooth and creamy, almost like pudding. And lately, I've been in a crazy pudding phase. I can't wait to try the other "panna cotta" - the Exotic Verrine. With my Panna Cotta, I also bought 2 truffles. It was an extremely hard decision to make. I decided on earl grey and champagne cosmo. The earl grey truffle didn't look like the typical color of an earl grey. But oh boy, it taste amazing! It melted in my mouth. For the champagne cosmo truffle, there was a bit of a kick to it. A taste of bitterness or a hint of alcohol. Anyway, I enjoyed both of the truffles and now I'm hooked. I'll be back to try the exotic truffle - passion fruit habanero! I'll definitely be back for more truffles, desserts and gotta try the gelato pops! Note - Sixth Course accepts credit cards.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2009,9/5/2009,631,981,16,30,31>I have my priorities in good order.  When it comes to trying new foods I'm there as soon as possible.Just a few hours prior to my visit I had exchanged compliments with a Yelp friend and I had asked him where to go to try a good traditional Filipino meal since I had never had one.  Sure, I've had lumpia, pancit and some of the fancy frozen desserts, but I can't recall ever sitting down to an actual Filipino meal.Thanks to the recommendation from earl g I found myself at Tselogs for a Thursday afternoon lunch.  I had worked up an incredible appetite for four hours that morning sorting and throwing out moldy produce meant to be distributed to local seniors.When I walked into the quiet restaurant I was greeted by a young woman who asked if I had eaten there before.  I explained to her that I had never been, but I was there to try an authentic Filipino meal for the first time thanks to a suggestion by a friend.  The woman handed me a menu and carefully explained to me the favorite dishes for the restaurant.  She showed great patience in answering my many seemingly stupid questions.I had visited the website earlier in the morning and had an idea of what I wanted to order.  It turned out to be a lot of food, but not surprisingly I nearly finished everything.  For my main entrée I selected a combo with the Tocilog (sweet pork) and the Sisigsilog (chicken sisig) and I ordered the Lumpiang Shanghai (Filipino egg roll) as an appetizer.All diners get a bowl of piping hot chicken broth (static1.px.yelp.com/bpho…).  It was a bit on the fatty side but had good flavor to it.  Very soothing, I'd bet this soup works wonders more so on cold days.  The kitchen works very fast.  I got the Tocilog (static4.px.yelp.com/bpho…) and the side of Sisigsilog (static1.px.yelp.com/bpho…) simultaneously.  The entrees come with a huge mound of garlic fried rice, a fried egg served sunny side up and pickle vegetables.  The tocino or sweet pork was slightly similar to Chinese BBQ pork in taste, but it's a leaner cut of meat and the outside texture is more jerk like.  I loved it.  The chicken sisig is minced chicken (actually diced) sauteed in garlic, onion, soy sauce and lemon.  It was a served in a miniature cast iron skillet - so cool!  It had excellent flavor, but I thought it was a bit over salted.  The garlic fried rice was very good, and it was even better once I popped the runny egg yolk and let it absorb into the rice.The Lumpiang Shanghai (static1.px.yelp.com/bpho…) had arrived shortly after the main dishes.  Served with a thick, tangy sweet and sour sauce the little fried rolls had a thin tube of meaty filling.  As with most deep fried foods it was very good.  I could only have a few though because I was stuffed.Tselogs was a very good dining experience especially perfect for a Filipino food novice like me.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2009,9/4/2009,475,184,23,27,30>I don't live in the Marina, but my practice is there, and what better way to get through the late afternoon, I-need-a-snack slump than to pop into the charming new location of Miette? Today's my mission was to find some goodies I could travel with (as little offerings to my parents) so I went for my old favorite standby, the lavender shortbread and a new favorite, the flower-cut graham crackers. Though, they taste more like gingersnaps. But whatever! They're light and crisp and will be perfect with a hot cup of Earl Grey!I also splurged on a couple of pieces of their chocolate cake, as this is the one thing I can't stop myself from indulging in. ANY chocolate cake, that is. I'll have to get back to you about Miette's. But if it tastes half as good as it looks, I think I'm in for a big treat!I'm sure having Miette this close to work will end up being more of a curse than a blessing, but for now, I think they're the perfect addition to Chestnut Street! Friendly staff, yummy treats, and a stone's throw from my office.Doesn't get much better than that for me & the big baby belly these days. :)******later that day...p.s. the cake was delicious!
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2008,9/3/2009,734,876,47,43,52>I have a tendency to invite myself over for dinner. I'm lucky that my friends don't lock their gates, turn off their lights, and pretend that they are not home. I get that a lot at work. :-/ In most cases, my friends are there with delicious food waiting with open arms. So as not to appear as a complete mooch [just a partial one], I like to bring either dessert or drinks. Booze 'em up, so they don't remember that I crashed their party, or smother them in sweet desserts!Yasukochi's was the perfect sweet stop to visit before the latest dinner I crashed in on [Thanks, Angelo!]. It's tucked away in one corner of the Super Mira Market. I picked up three slices of the cream-filled cake rolls [not sure of their names] - lemon, chocolate, chocolate/strawberry flavors. They were absolutely wonderful! By keeping the cake rolls in the fridge prior to eating, the cream was cooled down. Tasted almost like ice cream cake! Not too sweet. Delicious. My favorite flavor was the chocolate/strawberry. Five stars for that alone!However, my first experience with Yasukochi must also be documented. A slice of the famous Coffee Crunch Cake was delivered to my office one afternoon when I was craving a dessert pick-me-up mid-day. The cake was a little on the sweet side, but the coffee crunchy goodness and the cute delivery guy were unforgettable.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2009,9/2/2009,854,590,31,34,34>VegNews RULES. Let me count the ways:1) It's hella pretty to look at. That's important. I mean, why are you reading my reviews? BECAUSE I'M HELLA GOOD LOOKING. 2) It publishes the BEST RECIPES SRSLY WTF DELICIOUS. These lovely people can veganize ANYTHING, ice cream to bbq ribs to shortbread cookies to food from around the world. I know their tag-line is, "more than recipes" and it is but damn, the recipes. SO GOOD.3) Probably most importantly, it makes veganism seem attainable even if you're not a white guy with dreads (god love 'em but really PLEASE STOP). Veganism needs magazines like VegNews to bring it into the mainstream, showing the public that veganism is for everyone. It doesn't belong just to old hippies or scenesters with tattoos, it belongs to ALL of us. ANYONE can be vegan and VegNews makes it cool, fun, hip, ATTAINABLE. Hearts & stars for that.Other things I love in no particular order: the vegetarian city guides (I srsly consider booking a ticket each time I read one and then look at my bank account and realize I'll probably die alone in a cardboard box eaten by one of my 52 foster dogs who also live in the box OMG MY DAD WAS RIGHT) and  the new products section (aka, I KNOW ABOUT STUFF BEFORE YOU DO AND THEREFORE AM A BETTER PERSON).It's just all around bees knees awesome and if you're vegan, vegetarian or even veg-curious, you need to subscribe yesterday...you can do it quickly on their website vegnews.com. Or find out where to buy it on the newsstand here: vegnews.com/web/pages/pa…. Or holler at me and you can borrow one of the 50 copies I have scattered around my bedroom because I buy things and then forget I have them and then buy them again. ANYWAY.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2009,8/31/2009,1567,497,74,54,58>You should bring a girl here if you want to continue leading her on, because it's cozy and romantic and she'll think you really like her oodles and boodles.Eventually, you'll decide to stop calling her because she demands things you can't give, like love or respect or conversations during daylight hours, but for now, time is as frozen as your heart.The servers will be nice to you and provide you with an opportunity to stop locking eyes with your ladyfriend in that oh-so charming deer-in-the-headlights way.  You'll appear to be enjoying the food a little too much, but you're actually just trying to figure out a way to break up with the "nicest girl in the world."  After you finish the bubbling hot eggplant parm, of course.  The tiramisu you should order will be kind of bitter (like this review) and well-received by all (unlike this review).  It's fitting that she develop a taste for desserts right now, since she'll soon be eating her feelings when you take the immature route and stop calling her because you're a jerk.  At least rub your gut appreciatively when she picks up the bill.Later, she'll want to come back to this restaurant, but she won't be able to, because though it was inexpensive and cozy and fun, it will remind her of a guy just like you who sat across from her and repeatedly lied to her face.Happy Valentine's Day.  xoxo, Janney.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2009,8/30/2009,289,323,15,19,22>CUPCAKES!CAKES!PASTRIES!COOKIES!So many things to choose from. How do I even begin? Since I pass by here every morning I knew I had to bookmark this place. Every morning I would tell myself, "okay if there's parking right out front I will go in." There weren't any parking in front for the past 3 weeks. Damn my luck. I know you might think I'm lazy haha. Anyways so this morning when I drove by guess what I saw? Parking right in front! Yes! That's a sign to tell me to go in today. HA. I walked in and omg can you say dessert heaven? Everything was set up nicely. The cupcakes looked so pretty and delicious but I had fondue last night so I had to control myself. Since it was morning I decided on picking up an almond croissant for myself and a ham and pepper jack  croissant for bf. I also ordered a med mocha for a change. Total: $8.20Almond croissant was SO good that I wanted to get another one. I didn't try the ham and pepper jack croissant but the bf thought it was good. I must come back for those cupcakes! You little adorable things you.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2009,8/29/2009,1015,671,37,25,29>Dear Dynamo Donuts Dealer,YOU.ARE.EVIL.You see, we like to walk around the 'hood for exercise and thought we'd walk by your infamous donut shop "just to look."  Since it was the evening, we knew you'd be closed.BUT when we stopped by, you were locking the door and heading out.  But like any savvy dealer, you still had some in the back and did we want them?  We tried to pay but you wouldn't take our money.  (But then again, the first hit is always free right?)And that's how we found ourselves sprinting home and minutes later blissfully brushing Chocolate Saffron, Vanilla, and Lemon Pistachio donut crumbs off our grubby faces.  The Lemon Pistachio was our hands down favorite.  The combo of sweet dough, slightly tart lemon glaze and finely chopped pistachios was ADDICTIVE.We are DEFINITELY gonna need another hit.Sincerely,The Dynamo Donuts Duop.s.  THANK YOU!
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2009,8/28/2009,1345,369,17,31,28>** Review for Pink Wednesdays **Every Wednesday night at Circa, they offer a 2 course Prix Fixe menu with bottomless wine/beer for a stunning $19. The best part? Dinner proceeds go towards breast cancer research.I met up with a good friend and his gal pal for a catch up session and had a blast. All week I had been craving Fried Chicken, and while it wasn't on the printed menu, a little heads up from Chef Erik alerted me to the night's special.Not sure if it was my deep craving, or simply the fact that my imaginary southern roots adore anything deep fried, but last night's fried chicken was some of the best I've ever had.The outer crust was heavenly. It was a lightly breaded layer, that had golden flakes beaming off it. I had never seen a crust like it, in color or texture, and I'm interested in knowing how Erik prepared it.Hot to the touch, and melt in your mouth flagrant, the chicken was moist, tender and left you in a daze.The dish came with a mound of mashed potatoes, soothing gravy, bacon brazed greens, and a honey biscuit with a melting slice of butter just waiting for you. Yes, this dish had my name on it.To finish off, we shared the Strawberry rhubarb that had a perfect tart rating to cap the night off. They are in no way stingy about the bottomless wine, and a reflection of their outstanding service was comping our dessert because it took a while to come out.Honestly, it came to us as a great surprise because we didn't even notice as we were in heavy conversation and simply enjoying the atmosphere and river of vino.Joe, the great GM, as usual came by to drop a 'hello' and left us with a smile.Erik, there is no doubt why you were on Top Chef, thanks again for saving me that order of Fried Chicken. I needed that one.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2009,8/27/2009,348,319,26,30,32>Michael Bauer, you will officially be dead to me if you do not add Gitane to your Bay Area Top 100 list immediately.  I. LOVE. THIS. RESTAURANT!  It's hard to believe that there is so much to absorb when examining the exterior from the outside alley.  You've heard about it.  You've dreamt about it.  Believe it; Gitane's decor is remarkable.  It's as it you have just stepped through the Looking Glass.  One second you are sitting at bar, dwarfed by colorful tapestries, huge chandeliers and high- reaching artwork.  The next you are ascending upstairs into a dining room of mirrors, unable to tell the difference between reality and reflection.  And the bathroom....it's door, perfectly disguised, itself is a work of art.  Ok enough with the fairytales, on to the good stuff:What we drank (Round 1):Sing Sing Sing Poire SidecarWhiskey SazeracWhat we drank (Round 2):Binissalem - "Mantonegro" (Spanish red - There are no California wines on the menu).What we ate (Round 1):Bacon wrapped bon bons of fig and goat cheese.Bastilla - little samosas of chicken, duck, orange gastrique.Small size of ribs.What we ate (Round 2):Cordero - Australian rack of lamb with polentaPan-seared Sea Bass  with black rice.What we ate (Round 3 - Can't stop, won't stop!):Beignets with 3 dipping sauces.Fondant au Chocolat.The cocktails did their job.  The meat fell off the bone.  The wine did not overpower any part of the meal.  The flavors and combinations were phenomonal.  And best of all, splitting all the above between 3 people did not leave us waddling out of Gitane feeling the size of the Queen of Hearts.  I would highly suggest dining here early due to the crowd.  You will get so caught up in the sexiness of this place that you will sit longer than you think.  Or dine late, NYC-style.  Gitane serves food until midnight and the bar is open til 1 a.m.  If you're curious about Gitane, take the plunge down the rabbit hole.  You won't regret it.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2009,8/26/2009,1396,522,30,37,35>To celebrate my summer job offer with one of the top law firms in the Bay Area, Dave H. flew to San Francisco and whisked me to Gary Danko in "Mr. Big"-style à la Sex and the City. I may not be the smartest person in law school (or even close to that) but I am THE luckiest girl in the world.Gary Danko is a bit pretentious for what I'm used to living in the TL (hair in my food, spiders on my table, all that good dirty stuff), but the many servers were nothing short of knowledgeable and nice. Together we had seven courses, one of which blew my mind (Seared Sonoma Foie Gras) and another of which left me bitter (cheese selection). The foie gras gave me a foodgasm, the biggest one of my foodie life thus far--caramelized and rich, it was duck liver at perfection. Call me easy but Gary could seduce me with his foie gras... Not with his cheese selection, though. Dave and I chose a few that were recommended and were incredibly disappointed--not because he paid $17 for four slices of cheese, four slivers of raisin bread, and a few grapes, but because the cheese wasn't soft or stinky or scrumptious at all. The baby brie and boursin I get at Safeway are infinitely tastier. A few other dishes we enjoyed were the Herb Crusted Tuna (fresh and flavorful), Stuffed Quail ("GBD" or golden brown and delicious), and Seared Filet of Beef (small but satisfying). The Baked Chocolate Souffle was light and fluffy--not for die-hard chocolate aficionados but great nonetheless. The only thing I wouldn't order again besides the cheese plate is the Lobster Salad... Or should I say salad with microscopic atoms of lobster?Overall a great meal at Chez Danko, but not an utterly flawless one. The tables are too close to each other and a new cheese head needs to be crowned. I would come back except my (hopefully fat) paychecks will probably be going to Michael Mina or French Laundry.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,2/23/2011,935,1053,17,22,21>Definitely worth the hype and my five stars! I visited the original Una Pizza Napoletana in New York a few years ago and must admit, I thought it was good but not some pizza sent down from the Gods that was so heralded. So when the SF version finally opened, I didn't rush out. Big mistake on my part!I finally made it to UPN last week after a couple of cocktails at Bar Agricole. We waltzed in around 9:15pm on a Thursday and were seated right away. Two glasses of red and a Margherita pizza. Smiles, moans and groans, the terms food-gasm and food porn gets tossed around left and right nowadays but this pizza definitely took me there. I'm always updating my top 5 pizza joints in SF and have no problem admitting that though I'm a bit late to the party, Una Pizza Napoletana definitely makes my list. I can't wait to come back and try some of the other pies on the menu.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2010,2/22/2011,364,268,16,15,19>Thank you Citizen's Band for sprucing up my neighborhood...with you there...you make even the leather outlet store kitty corner from you seem super hip....Thank you for your endless menu (ever changing I hear) of goods which make my head spin trying to decide on what to eat...great buttermilk fried chicken btw...Thank you for not being too pretentious with your decor and keeping it simple, elegant, cozy, and adorable......and Thank you for opening next to Pinkie's bakery where all your delectable desserts make my inner fat girl want to jump out and devour every cheesecake and cobbler in sight.I heart you! Sue
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2010,2/21/2011,655,244,12,15,14>Yummy Mexican food! This is just what I needed after coming back from London, Paris and Amsterdam. Though I ate pretty well overseas (not in London but that's another story), there's nothing like coming back home to what you know. And since I live in the Mission, this is what I've been craving! I got a huge shrimp burrito that was packed with meat. It was so delicious! It's always nice to have a fresh salsa bar and free chips that come with the meal. I also got a "la burrita" chicken bowl which is the same concept as a Chipotle burrito bowl but smaller. If you are a light eater or need a mini meal, this would be perfect. What really makes this place special for me is the sweets! They have a bunch of fruit juices and three desserts: flan, churros, and my favorite kind of cookie: ALFAJORS! If you like shortbread and caramel you'll be a fan. Order that and a refreshing watermelon juice to wash everything down.It's good to be home!
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2010,2/20/2011,258,285,17,17,17>Jimmy made reservations for two at 8:15pm. I almost wanted to cry because I was starving! Gave him attitude the entire ride there, in which I felt very bad for later on. "Your sugar level is just low," he said... trying to reassure himself. But the time is only 7:05pm, so we're early. Made a quick pit stop to a cafe and got me an Italian soda. Yeah, it didn't help my mood much. He suggested that we go in 15 minutes early, in hope for our table to be available to us. IT WAS! My mood started to peak up.Our waiter was very helpful in explaining the menu to us and the specials they had for the night. The two of us decided to go for the 4 course meal which gives us a choice of an appetizer, tasting fish, an entrée & dessert. Wanting to make sure I get to taste a little bit of everything from the menu, I made sure Jimmy ordered different dishes then I did.For Appetizers:-Pan Seared Foie Gras with fresh sliced Apples -Trio of Salmon-Traditional Onion Soup All was very scrumptious and appetizing. Foie Gras was the most favored, followed by the Trio of Salmon.For Tasting Fish:-Seared Scallop over a creamy base RisottoAlthough I don't really care for scallop, I though the shellfish was cooked just right and the flavors were savory. However, the risotto was a bit undercooked. For Palate Cleanser:-Trou Normand: Green Apple Sorbet, CalvadosThe apple sorbet was refreshing and delightful but the moment I tasted the brandy, I, seriously, wanted to vomit. Not a fan of brandy. Nevertheless, it did do its job, which is cleaning the palate for the entree. For Entrée:-Wild Caught Skate Wing in a Brown Butter w/ Fingerling Potato-Filet Mignon w/ King Trumpet & Oyster MushroomsThe skate wing was so yummy! The texture of the fish is soft and stringy (that's the best word I can think of to describe it) something new to me but accepting. Filet Mignon was cooked exactly how I asked for which was rare. All delicious but the sauce was somewhat too salty for me. For Dessert:-Profiteroles, a puff pastry filled with vanilla bean ice cream and drizzled w/ chocolate.-French Toast on a soft caramel sauce and topped w/ hazelnut ice cream The French Toast dessert was THE BEST dessert I've ever had, hands down, I would go back just to eat that! The Profiteroles, we didn't care for. It was good but the french toast stole the show. Had a great time at Chapeau! and I can't wait to go back!
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,2/18/2011,4474,1400,19,31,21>I'm not sure if getting OLD is a good or bad thing; buckling knees, fine lines under the eyes, grey hairs, not to mention memory loss...Ok, well maybe these symptoms are a result of wearing 5 inch stilettos, staying out all night and pounding LC shots. Nonetheless, all these symptoms are real so I guess I'm on the fast track to "Aging like a Rockstar". :X On the bright side, getting old means independence and most importantly becoming a seasoned foodie!My first visit to Bobo's was five years ago when I was a broke college student and the restaurants I frequented most were Sizzlers, Red Lobster, Hungry Hunter...you get the point. So back then, I would have given BoBo's 5 Stars because I was blown away with their bone-in filet. As years passed, I was fortunate enough to met Mr. Wagyu and thanks to him, I now have very high expectations of what constitutes a good steak which is why my review may be biased. I know there's NO way you can compare a USDA Steak to a Australian or Tajima-ushi Wagyu (esp when it's about 4x more expensive), but Bobo's just isn't "as" good as I remembered it to be.Initially, I was going to give BoBo's 3 Stars but with FREE VALET PARKING they definitely deserve an extra star! I'm being very generous because it is the holiday season after all. :)On Wed, 11/24/10, my friend and I arrived at BoBo's for our 6 PM reservations. We were seated at booth on the second floor which from my side overlooked Lombard Street.F O O D:*Dungeness Crab Crostini w/ Smoked Salmon, Avocado and Burrata ($13): YUMMY! The thin and crisp crostini (similar to a flour tortilla) was topped w/ a layer of smoked salmon, a generous chunk of crab leg, avocado, chives, and a side of burrata (mozzarella & cream). The crostini provided the perfect texture contrast to the tender crab and soft salmon, avocado and burrata. It was the perfect combo of crispy, soft, buttery, salty, sweet, smoky, and creamy. *Bone-In Filet ($39): OK. I requested the 8 oz filet to be cooked medium rare, however the level of done-ness varied throughout the cut. Upon cutting the edges, it was a medium-well, the center was a medium, and near the bone, it was more a medium-rare to rare. The filet had a nice charred outer crust which helped seal in all the juices. It was semi-tender and moist but didn't cut like butter as with other (non-wagyu) filets I've had. My biggest gripe is it was overseasoned to the point the natural beefy-ness got lost in all the saltiness. (As a side note: The steakhouses in Vegas just don't compare to SF. If you have $$$ to burn, I highly suggest Wolfgang Puck's CUT @ The Palazzo; their Australian Wagyu is TO DIE FOR and is simply life-changing! Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak @ MGM is a close second with their Kobe Skirt Steak. However, an excellently prepared steak can be found in SF in the same price range as BoBo's and I suggest the Kobe Bavette Steak @ BIX or the Steak & Eggs @ Tyler Florence's Wayfare Tavern.) *Twice Baked Potato ($8): CARB-RRIFIC! The potato was perfectly baked until the skin was crisp and the center was like finely milled creamy mashed potatoes. The melted cheese added a savory and saltiness while the sour cream added a zing. It also had little bits if zucchini which didn't do much for it. Personally, I think bacon bits should have been added because pork fat ALWAYS makes everything better!*Brussels Spouts w/ Pancetta ($8): Our waiter recommended this dish and it was AWFUL! We had to send the brussels sprouts back (which we rarely do) because it was so salty that it was unbearable to eat. The second batch was better, however, the sprouts had a very unappetizing bitterness and tartness to it. For a minute, I thought they mistakened distilled vinegar for olive oil while cooking it.  S E R V I C E:Our waiter was nice and attentive, but I felt it was very contrived. While our app came within 5 mins, our steaks took nearly 45 mins to arrive and our sides 5 mins later, so timing of dishes seem to be off. Oh yah, since our pitcher of water never got refilled, my mouth felt like the umbrella in the Morton Salt cover after our meal. :XA M B I A N C E / D É C O R:Reminiscent of The Stinking Rose (its sister restaurant), "The Nightmare Before a Circus" is the best way I can describe BoBo's. If Tim Burton were to open a restaurant, it would probably look like BoBo's; funky, gothic and dark with cracked out jesters. Don't get me wrong, it had a unique decor, but just very odd for a steakhouse. BoBo's has 3 levels with little nooks and crannies where some of the booths are placed. I love how the booths have burgundy velvet drapes which you can close for privacy. Hmmm, are you thinking what I'm thinking? *wink wink*BoBo's may not be as good as the first time around, then again not many things are right? However, I do partly blame Mr. Wagyu for this. Ever since we met 2 years ago, steaks will just NEVER be the same to me.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2010,2/17/2011,832,255,13,20,16>Wine, cutting, mincing, baking, wine, mingling, dicing, wine and a little more mingling....what a perfect way to spend an evening with co-workers!HOG is a fun and unique experience that's loved by both cooking enthusiasts and non-enthusiasts alike. I came here with our team of 14 last week and I can honestly say that amongst our very diverse group - every single person walked out of there with an overwhelming sense of accomplishment and excitment. I've tried other cooking classes before and HOG is leaps and bounds better than the rest. Their chefs (all friendly, helpful and extremely talented), the venue, the wine and cheese that's served while you prepare the meal, and of course the food (all of the highest quality and seasonaly fresh ingredients) are what makes this such an incredible experience.You're there for about 3 hours and they have a time table to help keep you on track...trust me you can get very caught up in the whole experience after a couple glasses of wine while noshing on the Croquettes or Blue Fin Tuna Escabeche (both to die for).
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,2/16/2011,301,325,16,17,15>pizza sch-mizza. try. their. meatballs. immediately. i like pizzeria delfina's pizza a lot. they just do it right; with their super-thin, wood-fired crusts and simple yet sumptuous toppings like the fresh-stretched mozzarella and house-made fennel sausage, it's what i imagine pizza in italy tastes like. but the pizza is NOT the best thing on the menu here, not by far. i had been happily dining on PD's pizza for several months when i wandered in on a blustery, rainy san francisco winter day, and pizza just didn't seem like it would cut it. in fact, i was skeptical about how five meatballs with no pasta could possibly warm me, but thankfully, blissfully, and deliciously, i was so wrong. the meatballs are juicy and fork-tender, almost melting in your mouth, if that wasn't a kind of gross thing to say about balls made of ground meat. they arrive in a stoneware pot, in a pool of bubbling marinara sauce, with a piece of roasted pork to flavor it all. they are absolutely, hands down, without a doubt, no ifs ands or buts, the best meatballs i have ever had in my life. at $13.25, i will admit that they're a little pricey (that's $2.65 a ball!). but honestly, after trying them, i would probably pay $3 or $4 a meatball. because they're totally worth it.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2010,2/15/2011,1258,548,20,23,24>My husband and I looked around for a diaper when we realized we had used the last one an hour ago.  Panic ensued.  Then there was frantic grabbing of car keys and jackets.  In less than five minutes we were on the road to the nearest Target.  After parking in the lot, we opened the door to remove the kid to find he had ejected an amazing amount of vomit onto himself, his clothes,  and his car seat.  Not spit-up.  Vomit.  I spied the Carter's store as we were wrapping said baby in a blanket.  Knowing we had tons of clothes at home, we hated the idea of wasting money on things we didn't need.  However, the smell...ugh.  We ran over to see what we could buy for as little money possible.We all know Carter's clothing.  It's reliable, accessible, and they offer cute designs that fit a variety of tastes.  I thought we'd spend $20 and not be too put out.To my surprise an entire outfit was $7.00.  The sale racks were filled with bargains, most up to 50-60% off.  It was the least expensive children's clothing store I have ever stepped foot in.    Vomiting baby begets cheap clothing store find.  Who knew?
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,2/14/2011,2510,1034,14,20,19>A good friend of mine threw her Apres Ski-themed birthday party here on Friday night. It was one of the best parties I've been to in a long time and I really think the new-and-improved Zeki's decor and awesome bartenders helped to make it such a great night. My friend added some of her own decorations but the glowing fireplace, lit-up Christmas tree, and wall animal wearing a scarf were perfect too. Originally the random music was played through the jukebox and not that amazing/fun to dance to. When I asked the bartender to switch to top 40 dance music for the birthday girl, he willingly complied and we started a mini make-shift super fun dance party by the fireplace. I can't wait to come back for more holiday cheer! :)
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2010,2/13/2011,2747,1075,27,28,26>Disneyland on Clement!  At least that's what it looked like when we walked in around 6pm on a Friday afternoon.  The dining area was full of children.  Small children.  Like just learning to talk, small children.  One mother was warning her daughter the pizza was hot, and teaching her to blow on it to cool it down.  I had forgotten that the interior was like a real Italian wine garden.  The walls were paneled, and the ceiling was covered with grape vines and electric starlight.  It's quite a romantic atmosphere, if you think about it.  Perhaps their mothers dated here a few years ago, hence the preponderance of progeny.  Despite the buzzing crowd, we were a party of two, which they were able to seat immediately.  My Lady ordered an antipasto salad, which was exactly what the menu described, but which also could have used a little more antipasto.  I ordered an Italian sausage sandwich with marinara.  The sausage was mild, and the cheese was provolone.  Very nice fare, just like I remembered from my college days.  The chianti was exceptionally good.  It was fruity and smooth, without the acid that some chiantis seem to suffer.  The whole meal for the two of us came to $31 + tip.  Some night I should come back and try it adult-style, that is after the children's bedtime.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2012,2/5/2012,544,272,14,16,16>Dirty Belvedere Martini and Black Label on the rocks should not cost $27.  I mean, I get it... fine dining, fancy bar experience, etc.  Fine.  But this isn't Bev Hills or Manhattan.  The drinks did not come with tastegasms or frills.  In fact, I only got 1 olive. Since going to the bar is the first thing I did when I arrived, and since first impressions generally set the tone, I felt like this place might be too pretentious for me.Even still, the idea that this place is named after 00 flour does turn me on, so I shook off the price shock, blessed the Federal Government for my loan check that arrived in the mail, and headed upstairs for our table for 3.  The highlight of the Crudo Tasting plate ($18.50) was Red Snapper with pomelo, basil, avocado, and olio nuevo. I was seriously blown away with the amount of flavor that was packed on to this little bite of fish.  It was seriously the perfect combination, and it outshone the Ahi (with olive, apple, parsley).  The tasting plate came with three bites of each, so it wasn't huge in size, but again, the flavor was astronomical.We had planned on next sharing a pasta dish- I guess it's natural to think that pasta will be the first course of the evening, but our pizza came out first. No big- The Geary ($16.95) has clams, garlic, bacon, pecorino, and a spicy Calabrian chile.  This was a tomato sauce pizza, and again was bursting with flavor.  The combo of the clam and bacon was interesting, and even though the bacon was strong (perhaps a bit too strong?), the manilla clams held their own, their flavor dancing elegantly across the smokiness of everything else.At the time that our first pizza got to the table, we decided to order a 500 ml carafe of the Sangiovese on tap.  Skeptical at first, but the wine was verrrry tasty, and the amount was perrrrfect for the two wine drinkers at the table.  Our pasta arrived! Pappardelle with braised short ribs, chard, and gremolata.  After the first bite, I wanted to order another of the same dish. Fresh made pasta- you cannot match the texture- tender, yet firm and al dente, the way every pasta should be.  I actually have been working on trying to recreate the flavor of this dish for the stuffing for ravioli, but I have yet to succeed (i.e. if anyone cares to share any knowledge, please help a girl out!).  I would come back for this dish alone. No joke.After the three of us wolfed down some crudo, a pizza (about 6 slices per pizza), and the incredibly tasty pappardelle, we decided we were still hungry.  Since my +2 were craving mushrooms, it was the Filmore pizza for us- lots of mushrooms, leeks, various cheeses, garlic, and what stands out the most: thyme.  It's not an herb I use a lot, because I find it overwhelming.  But here, it was completely complimentary.  I was getting full, but I still finished 2 full slices.Hold the dessert- I'm too full for dessert. ;-)All in all, a fantastic dinner.  And it's a good thing that first impressions are generally incorrect (although I still trust my intuition), because I ended up with a scrumptious meal indeed. Although the pizzas were good, I sit here at my computer dreaming, nay, salivating of the pasta dishes.  If the pappardelle was that good, I can't wait to try the rest.Oh, I made a reservation on Open Table via Yelp for the first time, and it went swimmingly!
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,2/4/2012,1928,1761,30,27,27>In the Castro, it was a cold and a deserted Wednesday night.No men, boys, or beast anywhere, in sight. Hot Cookie is where I, roam the street. A $6.25 chocolate covered penis macaroon was my treat. Taking the Muni Metro & imbibing my treat with, an insensible self-pride. Many passengers on the Metro looking at me, "shockingly stupefied".Penis: yelp.com/biz_photos/qZFR…
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2011,2/3/2012,1396,522,16,23,20>My new favorite comfort food is tonkatsu don (pork cutlet rice bowl), and the one at Dojima-Ann is ridiculously good like Flo Rida's new song. Dare I say the tonkatsu don is the best one I've had in my life although I usually order sushi or ramen at Japanese establishments. I don't know how a bowl of rice topped with deep-fried pork cutlet, egg and scallions can be so simple and yet so scrumptious but it is. The pork katsu remains crisp even over hot rice, under a soft egg and smothered in that savory sweet crack sauce. You gotta get it because you won't regret it.I've also had the unagi don (eel rice bowl) and the udon here. If you love unagi and you're searching for the best, you haven't looked very hard otherwise you would've stumbled on the roasted unagi with avocado sushi rice at The House (yelp.com/biz/the-house-s…). As for the udon, it's ordinary but filling here. I'm still looking for seriously tasty udon in SF.Come for the location and price. Stay for the tonkatsu don. Winner winner under $10 dinner.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,2/2/2012,794,428,16,20,21>This resto makes me want to belt: "DON'T CRY FOR ME ARGENTINA, THE TRUTH IS I'VE ALWAYS LOVED YOU!!" on the top of my lungs.Sons & Daughters is the best damn fine dining restaurant ever.  It should be rated ten stars. It's better than Jean Georges, better than Corton, better than WD 50, better than Momofuku, better than anything New York Chefs are even thinking about doing right now. New York established chefs have all of the tools, produce, help, and media (crazy, crazy amounts of media). And yet, they're so boring right now. Scared of failure maybe? I know the soufflé at Gordon Ramsey is 100% chemical. Please tell me not all CIA graduates turn into robots in a gourmet assembly line.  Whatever is driving our great chefs down, I know if they had one meal at Sons and Daughters they'd be inspired because the experience is a true wake up call.It's so chill. It feels casual and has really cliche circa 2006 chandeliers, but you won't give a fuck about it once you start eating the food.These people work so damn hard with no trace of ego. It was like watching water, the kitchen is right in the middle of the dining room and the chefs don't let you see them freak out.  The service was attentive and genuinely pampering. I didn't feel shy to ask about ingredients and they are very well educated in their wine list as well.Their menu changes very often so I'm not sure if you'd be eating the same thing I did-- which was a four course meal for around $60 (rounding up).Each plate was an adventure--- some of the plating were intellectualized but it didn't leave the diner behind to really struggle with reverse engineering wtf it all meant. In other words, it was just delicious. The yummy sounds we made were obscene when we at our squab. The skin was so perfect and the flesh was perfectly rare with a very satisfying tender bite.The only issue I had with my meal was dessert. I ordered the stone fruit one with this salty cheese and I have to say it was super weird. But I also thought it was really fun and brave. I really like that they experiment but they're not uneven. Even if it's a dish I don't really quite get I do get that each component is on it's upmost peak of deliciousness for that ingredient.You go Sons and Daughters. You are destined for fame. Like exploding rockets in the air, like your own sauces in grocery stores, like your own cookbook for the chef and pastry chef--- but don't forget this glorious time, this energy that's pulsing through you now. It gives everyone around you joy de vivre on acid.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2011,2/1/2012,304,690,24,22,23>Kingdom of Dumpling recently became the buzz of the town. I was pretty sure it has been around for a while. Since I've never been, I asked the one person I knew would know.ME: Have you heard of Kingdom of Dumpling? The one on Taraval?MOM: Yes, it's been there for a few years. ME: I knew it!MOM: You've never been? I've been there about a bijillion times.ME: *faints*We went on a random weeknight, and there was a line out the door. Luckily, we got seated right away since it was only the two of us. Unluckily, since we were sitting by the door, the server got distracted by people walking in and spilled soy sauce all over our table. He didn't even notice the big pool of soy sauce until I pointed it out to him. Great service! (sarcasm intended)Food-wise, it was pretty good for the most part. The XLB had a nice seasoned filling, although I found them on the small side. The pan-fried buns were decent. I had high hopes for the beef stew noodle soup, but it was average. The broth didn't have great flavors and there were few pieces of beef. My favorite dish of the night was the chive box. Overstuffed with chives and ingredients and pan-fried. It was crunchy and delicious!Besides the small mishap, I can see why my mom's been here so many times! =D
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2011,1/30/2012,601,80,20,20,20>Sure you could go for their cheap and AWESOME Banh Mi Thit Nuong.  But, you could also just sit down and relax and grub-out on the greatest bowl of  Bun Cha Gio Thit Nuong.  When placed in front of me, I just stare into this dish and want to cry- it's that good.              Hot and crispy fresh fried imperial rolls, chopped-up and spread out over a heaping mound of cold vermicelli rice noodles- with bean sprouts, cucumber slices, roasted peanuts - all nestled on top of shredded lettuce.  Then I get to pour the perfect amount of fish sauce.      Yes, the front windows look like they need a little windex and the bathroom is scary, but the service is QUICK and friendly.  Bonus: never any weird parts in my food.  They also serve traditional Vietnamese/American breakfast, from Pho to Pancakes!  The one thing I haven't tried yet is the Chao, but luckily there are 3 meals in a day- there's still time.  I LOVE Thanh Thanh.  I just recently moved back to SF  and am so lucky that this is my new *homebase* cafe.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2011,1/29/2012,541,99,15,18,16>Meeting for an impromptu drink last night (no football included!), my date and I found ourselves wandering on 16th street, trying to pick a place where we could sit and talk comfortably, have a bite to eat and enjoy each other's company in a pleasant atmosphere. After walking into a few places and perusing different menus, we saw ourselves inside Morac. And that was it - it took us 10 seconds to make the decision.At 6 pm on a warm and sunny Tuesday evening, there were only a few people inside. The place was a huge contrast from the atmosphere on the street - chic ambiance, dimmed lighting, dark furniture, long curtains and lounge music. We sat at a corner booth, and we loved how the curtains gave us the privacy we wanted to be able to talk, laugh, snuggle and kiss. And then there was the food!After looking at the menu, we could not resist and ordered dinner. I had the marinated chicken thighs while he had the combo with chicken breast, lamb and beef. Both plates came with rice, tomato and cucumber salad, flat bread and yogurt sauce. We both almost licked our plates. It was to die for! And to finish we had a very yummy tea - green for him and mint for me. It was a great complement for a fabulous meal.I definitely want to go back to try different things on the menu and to enjoy that beautiful refuge in the middle of the Mission District.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2011,1/28/2012,1099,544,17,24,20>I had never heard of this place, so when my friends said they wanted to go to Mr. Pollo, I thought we were going to eat some sort of chicken-esque meal.  But I was pleasantly surprised to get an exquisite four course meal for only $20!!!  The restaurant is very small, consisting of only three tables....fourteen people max.  So either get there early, or plan on putting your name down and grabbing a drink at a local bar.  We had to wait about 45 minutes, so we grabbed a drink across the street at Rosamunde.Chef Manny wowed us with his food.  Course after course, our taste buds were treated to an excellent selection of entrees....-heirloom tomatoes and cucumbers with Hawaiian salt-salmon with puréed yams and pickled veggies-chicken breast with Brussels sprouts and pork loin over eggplantThe ingredients were so fresh, and everything on each plate complimented each other very well.  I can't pick a favorite dish because everything tasted so good!Chris' dessert was out of this world.  He prepared a salted caramel souffle, and it was the best souffle I've ever had.  I told Chris his souffle was even better than the one at Gary Danko...*gasp*!  Make sure Chris is there or you won't get dessert!  You'll end up with an extra entree instead.  Not that a fourth entree is a bad thing, but the dessert was to die for.  The wait was definitely worth it, and I will definitely be back for another four course dinner!
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,1/27/2012,1798,1373,21,22,21>Resolutions can knock off.Instead, I usually compile a "No Tolerance" policy for the impending year.For this year, my first three is as follows:1.  No tolerance for dates who coddle the straggling eX-factor2.  No tolerance for consistently false and malicious info3.  No tolerance for consistently stupid behaviorUnfortunately, my current No Tolerance list has grown in leaps and bounds, no thanks to the numerous simple (to me) yet apparently complex (to them) issues that have been thrown via involuntary methods.  I will detract from going into detail about such negativity by pointing out the following: nothing makes a dour day better than spending several hours with a good friend over a meal and perhaps a nice walk, from Geary down to Fell.For my 1300th review, decided upon something positive: coffee!  Mojo Bicycle Cafe is located just a few blocks up Divis from Herbivore and since I was an hour early prior to the meeting, wandered in from the social sidewalk packed with people, chatter, pooches, and bicycles, to a cozy slice of wood floors and  warm lighting reminiscent of cafes in the Pacific Northwest (for those who have been to Seattle, you know exactly that of which I speak.)As a big fan of Ritual, it makes me happy to see it served elsewhere in the city, so kudos to Mojo for the local support.  However, since I'm not much of an adventurous type when it comes to caffeine, breve lattes are my usual order in that they satisfy rev energy levels as well as warding off the sudden chill when the sun dips below the hill around 4:00.  The latte was smooth, creamy,  and strong enough to kick my overall trudging demeanor.  If I were not expecting to be elsewhere, would have taken a seat inside......and if I were a smoker, would have sat outside with the rest of the casual cheerful people crowding the tables out on the sidewalk, but can't due to my pitiful yet rebellious asthmatic lungs. In addition to coffee and a menu that spans breakfast/lunch (salads and bagels), there is also a shop in the back that caters bicycle parts as well as other wheeled maintenance for the healthy lower/upper leg defined.  Great for a little laptop time and a pastry.  Perfect for afternoon dates.  If you stop in on Thursday evenings, have one of the Rice Paper Scissors Banh Mi to go with your salad......and then linger a bit outside to make new friends over their rides and possible dogs in tow.Unfortunately, being a stickler for time, found my legs trotting off to Herbivore, fueled, in no doubt, by the aforementioned perfect latte.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,1/26/2012,1792,531,21,21,22>I once went on a date with a guy who to ordered a Bud Light, which pretty much killed the possibility of him and I ever going out again. I'd rank it on the Social Suicide Meter right around going to McDonald's for a burger or telling me you dress in camo and shoot baby deers on the weekend. So its no secret I have transformed into a beer snob over the past few years. Having pledged myself to stouts, browns, and a good Belgium, I have become quite bored with 95% of bars because even in San Francisco, it can be hard to find a place that has anything better than Newcastle or Guinness on draft.So I happened upon Amsterdam Cafe by catching a glimpse of their taps as I was be-lining it through the TL. When I saw a fridge half-full of unfamiliars I knew I had found a very special hole in the wall.  Every beer was quite reasonably priced ranging from $5-10 and I had one of the smoothest and most well balanced browns to date. As if this place couldn't get better, I found out they serve hookahs. Their website says you can bring your own food. They have beer tasting parties and other events. Happy Hour is 4pm-7pm. Service was friendly and knowledgeable. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2009,4/10/2009,196,187,28,26,29>I overheard a couple treating another couple to sushi here because couple B had just gotten engaged.My first thought was "I hope my friends take me out to sushi when I get engaged."I figure that's either a sign that I love sushi A LOT or am not ready to get married.Anyway, I don't want to like this place; it's just too convenient.And they have floating boats.Plus I've been loyal to Sakana, just a few blocks away, for quite some time.And their name is all like "Hey what should we call this place?" "I dunno, how about Sushi Boat Restaurant?" "Couldn't have thought of anything better myself!"But here..-Their chefs (esp. the older gentleman who works Fri & Sat nights) come up with their own rolls, not on the menu, and somehow know what you will like after watching you eat 1 or 2 rolls.-The veggie rolls contain things other than cucumber, avocado or inari (ie. pumpkin) and are super satisfying.-It's closer from downtown than Sakana (and possibly cheaper.)-When they were running way late with our order one night, they gave us edamame and inari and miso soup on the house.-The waitresses seem like overly peppy versions of people I would like to have as friends.The one thing that has been consistently not so great is their agadashi tofu...but it's not enough to knock down a star.Look, I'm trying here. I love Sakana and a place called Sushi Boat Restaurant isn't exactly a place I'd like to call a good place to eat, purely out of principle...But honestly, what is a girl on a budget with a penchant for lots of choices, friendly service and short walks to do?
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2009,4/9/2009,523,699,47,45,44>Wow.  Just wow.The Lyon Street Steps have been "bookmarked" forever, and finally on this beautiful January day  I finally made it out there. (I still can't believe I was out in shorts in January- I feel like I was on an episode of Beverly Hills 90210...the old one).  Parking was also plentiful here, but that could have been because it was a weekday.I think of myself somewhat of a steps connoisseur (actually I think I'm a connoisseur of a lot of things), but as working my booty is a priority of mine and steps are the best way to do that, I've tried a bunch.  These are great because the incline and space between the steps changes.  You want less of a grade?  You do the upper steps.  You want to do what basically amounts to a sprint up the steps?  You do the lower steps.  You want to work yourself so hard that you almost vomit, but because the view and surrounding houses take away your breath in such a way that you can't think about hurling?  You do the whole thing.  More than once.As I am still recovering from the broken foot, I didn't do as many rounds as I would have liked, but got a decent post-lifting workout anyway.Just a note:For how tall I am (relatively so), I'm glad I have little feet.  Those steps on the really steep part are tiny, and as I managed to fall just in my driveway and break my foot, I now have a little PTSD when it comes to falling in general.  Just be careful on those things.Also: Thanks to the woman who told those jerks who were SMOKING CIGARETTES  on the bench off.  Who does that where you clearly see people working out?  Why don't you just trip us, too?  Much quicker death if we land properly.  Sheesh.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2009,4/8/2009,448,188,39,42,44>People who like Tom Kha Gai get it. People who like Frank's Red Hot get it. People who like Lucas really get it. It's the spicy high, the endorphin rush that comes with the burn, the hook without which no other food really feels alive. Osome's steak with spicy vinaigrette has it, and it enlivens the usual Japanese offerings on the menu.For $10.50 you get a large piece of surprisingly high-quality steak, sliced into thin pieces. The thin sauce is sweet and spicy, and viscerally delightful. I like to tip my to-go container and let the dressing from the salad run into the vinaigrette, to give it a little more body. If you ever order it and aren't happy with the quality of your meat, trust me, you've just ordered on an infrequent off-night. I order this dish once a week, and nine times out of ten, it's fantastic. For those of you not into gustatory masochism, you can get their steak with several other sauces and preparations.Osome also is the source of my favorite sushi in the world, with a little tweaking- their vegi maki comes with carrot, spinach, cucumber, avocado, asparagus, and sesame seeds. I add oshinko (Japanese pickle) and leave off the spinach. The oshinko isn't at all weird or exotic, and adds so much flavor that soy sauce is unnecessary.I always get delivery and have never actually dined at Osome, and I don't particularly want to. I so enjoy the culture of San Francisco - using the word "hella," taking public transportation everywhere, and hating on the Marina and those who reside there - I don't want to take a chance on enjoying a place that'll threaten one of those small pleasures. As long as Osome is willing to keep delivering their top-notch fare to my doorstep, I'll be happy to accept it. Hella happy.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2009,4/7/2009,1567,497,79,64,67>A man sat across from me on the morning train and ran his hand through his hair 137 times in a row.  I didn't start counting until after awhile, so the correct number is actually much higher.I looked around for a hidden camera, but couldn't spot one.  And then noticed something:  He was only massaging his head when the train was underground between stops.  His rubbing was a coping mechanism for being scared to death of dying underground.  Isn't that hilarious?! *pause*I think we can all stand to learn from this morning's scalp molestor.  So, the next time I go to Nick's Crispy Tacos and I'm tempted to order two tacos, even though one is big enough to fill me up, I'm gonna rub my head.  Really good and really hard and over and over again.  As the line weaves through the nightclub next door, all the way up to the front of the cash register, I'm gonna be rubbing until they either, A) call the police with a 5150, or B) refuse to let me order my tacos Nick's way.Not that there's anything wrong with paying $.95 cents for a flour tortilla and huge dollop of guac to be added to your crispy taco.  But my waistline doesn't need it.  At all.When we order food, I think we all can learn a thing or two from guys who touch themselves on the Muni train.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2009,4/6/2009,1088,215,33,38,38>What do the Blue Man Group, the Blue Dog, blue berries, Jet Blue, blue skies, blue eyes, blue moons, blue jeans, blue jays, 'Merican red white and blue, Bluetooth, Blu-ray, aaaaaand Blue Bottle Coffee have in common? They all ROCK!I confess, I'm not part of the 54% of daily coffee drinkers (aka addicts). However I love going to Blue Bottle coffee and getting Bernie's Best apple cider, or a mildy sweet cup of Rechhiuti hot chocolate with the artistic crema. My girlfriend loves the mocha here, and I was amazed at how delectable the espresso shots looked as swirls of coffee and cream billowed to the bottom of the glass, like the foam in a pint of Guinness.The storefront is tiny and looks like they're squatting in an unfinished warehouse. The long line out front indicates getting a delicious cup of cream and bean is emphasized over ambiance. That's what the park nearby is for. The servers are incredibly friendly and look like they're enjoying the artistry of their brew bottle.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2008,4/5/2009,475,184,27,24,28>Yesterday was our 9-month, Ad Hoc anniversary.Yes, I said Ad Hoc anniversary... you see, with all this 100-day stuff I hear the Korean kids celebrating, I started thinking about when *it* all started and wouldn't you know it? I missed the *real* date by a few days.Hence the 9-month Ad Hoc anniversary. The scene of our 3rd date. A truly wonderful, succulent and memorable meal, on a warm late August eve. A meal that had ended with, you guessed it: cupcakes. But compared to the rest of the meal, the cupcakes were *meh*. Dry & crumbly. A let down to a near-perfect meal.So as I thought about this 9-month mark, I thought why not celebrate?! And since Kara's is in the same neck of the woods as my office, why not do it with cupcakes?Let me just say, that I've tried Kara's a few times and found them to be okay. Cute. Nice shop. But just okay. But I was feeling optimistic, and Kara's was the only real game in that part of town (the Marina) that I knew of... I selected one of the vanilla numbers that had a huge dollop of chocolate frosting, and a chocolate one, with chocolate frosting and sprinkle-y things. I had them set into a little box (which I placed a little card for mi amore, on the inside of the lid) and off I went.Some hours later, card read and sentimentals exchanged, we shared the vanilla cupcake. As I cut into it I felt let down. It seemed dry. Damn.But wait! For when I took a bite I discovered that the little cupcake was moist and cakey deliciousness! Kara must have been listening, 'cause this was a truly good cupcake!  My sweetie was impressed, too, and boy was he unafraid to show it! *wink*But since that's really none of your business, I'll end here by saying Kara's has picked up her game and is turning out some pretty yummy cupcakes that are perfect for all occasions, including 9-month Ad Hoc anniversaries. So go get 'em!
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2008,4/4/2009,372,150,36,26,30>GLASS ELEVATOR ALERT!Best FREE thing to do that make you feel on top of the world, at least for a few seconds. I go up those glass elevators every time I want to feel like I own Union Square.  I press on all buttons to stay up there as long as possible.  It's the perfect day activity if you have visitors in town or at night if you're trying to impress your secret crush.I guaranty you'll get to second base. At least. If not, oh well, it sucks to be you!
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2009,4/1/2009,711,1302,22,46,38>In a few short words. I adored this place. It was like my Etsy dream come true. Unlike the tag, this place is very Antique AND Vintage. I fell in love with at least 10 things during my 15 minutes there. They have everything, Vintage Vogues, baby prams, furniture, clothing. I actually ran into the dress version of a bed jacket I own. Did I mention the place is huge too? It's darn big without having the dusty, dark, weird smelling vibe most Antique stores have. You know the one. The "someone died so I could buy this" feeling.Price wise they aren't cheap, but I wouldn't say expensive either. Fairly, yet a little highly priced, I'd totally come here to decorate my apartment in vintage styles.Oh yea, and a lot of the stuff has the date is was made listed on the price tag which I thought that was pretty darn tops too.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/10/2009,3/31/2009,348,319,29,28,33>Ah, the bottomless mimosa.  This fine beverage, indigenous to the early morning hours, will be ruining the days of aggressive patrons for years to come.  Sure to knock you on your ass and suck away the daylight before you know what hit you, expect to be in bed by  6pm and then wide awake at 11pm with a splitting headache.  ~the bubbles speed up the alcohol absorption and our bodies cannot metabolize it at the same speed.  Therefor you are drunker than usual for a longer amount of time.  That doesn't even include the orange juice factor~Ok, but let's not make ourselves feel too bad about doing something we enjoy, eh?  If you're going to do it big, you might as well do it at Circa.  They do not attempt to control the consumption (which is more than I can say about another bottomless mimosa supplier in the Castro...one of a certain...CITRUS variety, if you catch my drift).  Circa leaves you with a carafe of mimosa only to replace it with another and another.As an overall business, Circa emerges A-Ok with me.  The day-time service is great and the food is decent.  The interior is dark, definitely catering to the a night-time atmopshere.  I am suspicious of these restaurant-turned-nightclub venues that have a line out the door after 10 pm (this is not L.A. people!) and would not recommend this as a night-time destination to anyone who knows better.  It is completely packed and both the clientel and bathroom situations are miserable.   Perfectly acceptable before 3 pm.  Bottoms up!
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2009,3/30/2009,1798,1373,31,42,38>For my 1000th review, I decided to pay homage to the Fine Arts.I've been having a good run with the dating world lately.  Not sure if it has to do with the mild winter or that there are some people out there that actually share, the very least, a mild affection for theater performances and other creative venues for evening meets.  In regards to that, one of the many successful dates led me to catch Sartre's Existential classic No Exit.The space is tiny but the perfect setting for the play.  Stark.  Simple.  Abstract and hot.  The perfect hell for the perfect menage of shipmates on trial for the rest of eternity.  The seats are graduated and the fading red velvet cushions pay homage to a long bygone era of art appreciation.  I found myself shedding my coat and then subsequently my sweater as the verbal chaos ensued onstage........taken away by a slight representation of what could be Dante's Hell of their own making.One of the other reasons as to why I was here was because of my being acquainted with two members of the cast.  Diana Brown is a friend of a playwright/director friend of mine and I've always been taken by her sweet passionate and verbose self on stage.  In addition, Andrey Esterlis had also struck a chord of recognition ever since I caught him in Dead Certain.  Powerful and impressionable.  In addition to hosting plays the space also trains students in the steps of Kyogen and Noh plays.  This specialty takes me back to my childhood days of training in Kyomai dance, a highly stylized and elegant dance form in traditional kimono attire.  The space is close to a Starbucks, which we did visit prior to opening for my caffeine fix.  For  dinner dates, there are other options nearby, such as the Slow Club and Cafe Gratitude for a romantic interlude and perhaps a nice glass of wine to warm you up prior to the show.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/1/2006,12/26/2006,231,162,25,3,18>Slide? Mmm-yeah, I've been to Slide. A coupla dames and I hit up this joint one night lookin' for good times. We wired a few gents to meet us there with the moonshine. "Slide. STOP. Wear yer dancin' shoes. STOP. Watch out for coppers. STOP."The kid on the jukebox was hitting a jag-time tune. A coupla boys were whoopin' it up at the bar, giving us dames the eye. The martinis were dry, and the Bar Keep even drier. They charged us more than the usual pinch of the poke for the booze; you'd think it was prohibition or somethin'! We danced like it was 1933 and hit the bottle hard. A speakeasy with a name - but mainly 'cause there weren't many choices, see?
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2006,12/25/2006,5,41,24,8,15>La- la- la-... ,Here I am on the third floor ..walking, walking ,walking... no car?  Hmmm where could it b?.  Maybe it is on the 4th? Walking , walking, walking... no damn car!  Hmmmm... Maybe it is on the 5th floor?  No... I could have sworn it was on the 4th!  Hmmm...Now having been to 3 different floors 3 times each....walking in very expensive 4 inch heel knee high boots (BTW , I am NOT a HOOker)  with a hangover. EUREKA!  I find it. After already paying the 18 dollar fee...when I get to the pay station it tells me I owe 2 more dollars; the  fee that was accrued during my aimless quest to find my car.  What!!!  I don't have two dollars.  I spent all my money on last nights adult beverages and all my loose change on vending machine breath-mints in an attempt to cover up wine breath.  Maybe it was the circles under my eyes, the stale red wine on my breath and last nights clothes but the man in the blue uniform jacket seemed to understand my mini  crisis of the missing car.  He put his magic key and let me out.  We smiled at each other yet didn't say a word.  He gave me a knowing nod as if he had seen my kind before.PHEW. I MADE IT.  5 stars for you sutter garage I will stay loyal to you forever!
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2006,12/24/2006,371,281,21,15,15>The strangest thing happened as I was "little black dress" shopping with my mother. This darling 40s inspired dress mocked me from a Max Studio hanger (much prettier than the shabby hangers that hang themselves shamelessly in my tiny closet), laughing in my face with it's tiny waist. The dress seriously looked like it would fit 85 pound Nicole Richie to a tee. But my mother, who tends to think I'm a lot thinner than I am, shoves the dress into my arms and leads me like a cranky pre-schooler jonesing for animal crackers to the dressing room. I'm not sure if I've mentioned this before, but I really hate shopping. I'm a total clothes horse, but actually going into dressing rooms, taking off my clothes and trying on things that 89% of the time are too long, too tight, too baggy, too fugly, is my least favorite activity there is (other than listening to the tape gun in the receiving dept. at work). So I get ready to try on this bitch of a dress, fully expecting it to get stuck on my boobs as I pulled it over my head. But it was a miracle. This dress was like those pants in that chick lit book "Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants." It fit like a charm, with a little extra room to breath! This dress could fit at least three Nicole's! Huzzah. Well, I bought the freaking miracle dress of course because I really didn't want to try and squeeze my breastesses into any more garments. The Max Studio employees were totally sweet and put up with my crazy mother's antics (she likes to tell perfect strangers little tid bits they don't necessarily need to know). I will definitely be going back here when I need something for a special occasion. The space is clean and chic and not bustling with tourons like H&M and Bloomies.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2006,12/23/2006,236,200,52,14,17>I love it when a man says the magic words ..."Anything you want."Especially when that man is about to make me a sandwich.Mortadella AND Roast Beef?  Avocado AND cucumber?"Whatever you want."Sandwich-man-of-my-dreams asked me what size, and I figured, "Hell, it's whatever-i-want-day."  So I got the center.  When he managed to hoist my SUBMARINE-BONANZA onto a tray, he politely informed me that I was never going to finish that thing.SANDWICH MAN OF MY DREAMS:  You're not going to be able to finish ...Lulu:  WATCH ME.  (stomach growling with the force of 99 hurricanes)SANDWICH MAN OF MY DREAMS:  I will give you a free sandwich if you do...*10 minutes later*SANDWICH MAN OF MY DREAMS:  Did I lose?Lulu:  Almost.  You're lucky.  I'm on a diet.  *BUUURRRRP*  But I'm gonna take this sandwich to-go and bring it to bed with me like George Costanza.4 STARS for making me want to spoon with a sandwich.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2006,12/22/2006,4999,1226,27,11,15>- Update 3/2/07 Okay I have to admit it, B and I are back together. We broke up after a rocky start, but she addressed her issues and I'm falling for her. Great place for a business lunch, there is always space and sitting outside is awesome on a beautiful day. The menu has been tweaked and I'm now much happier.Full Disclosure: They're now a  Yelp advertiser. I've been here several times since my original 3 star review and I left it intact until I was certain they deserved a rating upgrade.- Original ReviewThe interior design kicks ass, if you ever shut this place down for a high-class cocktail affair please invite me. Just like it's neighbor Samovar, B benefits from sweeping views of downtown visible through large panels of glass. It's hard to describe, but trust me it's a cool space.The food and service on the other hand are still under construction. I've been here for lunch twice. The first time I had the "jerk chicken sandwich". Not to be a jerk (heh), but the sauce was more of a spicy mayonnaise then a real jerk sauce. Also our food took about 50 minutes to arrive, argh. The next time I came in I ordered the burger (medium). It arrived very rare, but I downed it anyways. If I had enough time I would have sent it back (and no I'm typically not a "send-it-back kind of guy").Sorry B it's not you, it's me. I'm just not ready for a steady relationship. I'll keep checking back and maybe we'll end up getting together in a few months when you get yourself sorted. Until then, kisses.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2006,12/21/2006,137,117,64,15,30>Dear totally hot international guy sitting next to me at the bar at Dosa,I know I worked it into the conversation 3 times, but he's my roommate. I mean, we have separate bedrooms and everything. I tried to give him eye signals to get lost, but he's a straight boy and can't read my intricate series of winks and nods. As soon as I sat next to you, I was overwhelmed by your crisp white shirt, rolled sleeves and Tag Heuer, not to mention your incredibly hot Ivy League, young Deepak Chopra vibe dining alone at an upscale Indian restaurant. I just wanted to cover myself in marigolds and red dots when we discussed restaurants, us both frequenting the same fabulous and oft-reviewed hot spots. I was practically beside myself when my made-up excuse to talk to you resulted in you offering me food, and died and went to heaven when you ordered a single glass of champagne with your bizarre, foreign dessert. I hope I wasn't obvious with my four blatant arm touches and one bold back pat. I simply wanted to experience the feel of what I can only assume was custom made in Delhi or Hong Kong. When we were finally seated away from the bar, my roommate (again, ROOMMATE) pointed out that you were obviously flirting with me. He encouraged me to go back to the bar and talk to you, to leave you my business card or ask you out for chai. But I was too chicken, and too busy enjoying your recommendation of the onion bhaji with the Chenin Blanc. But if you read this, and you probably will, I hope very much to go on lots of dates with you to the marvelous restaurants we discussed and so look forward to your building me my very own Taj Mahal.You are hot, guy at the bar at Dosa, and I think I love you.Most Sincerely,BethPS. Seriously. He's my roommate...
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2006,12/20/2006,749,974,38,12,18>I love men in suits.  Especially men who have nicely tailored suits.   If the suit is hanging too baggy or the shoulders move beyond their bodies, it just isn't cute. While waiting for Miri D. I stood and people watched and zoomed in on a cute happa guy waiting for a table.  All suited up with black framed glasses and tall.  Mmmm....tall men in suits.  They sat at one end of the restaurant and I was hoping that we'd sit nearby. Miri shows up and the host gives us the "your table's ready" and we start walking.Host: "Two? Right this way."Inner thought: "Wait...the hot guy is to the left!!!"Host: "Here's your table."Inner thought: "But...but...but.  The hot guy!!"Host: " Your waitress will be right over."Inner thought: "Why are we all the way at the opposite end of the restaurant!?!?!?! How is gonna fall in love with me if he doesn't SEE me!"I'd been so out of commission on the man front that I had no balls when Miri suggested sending over a drink.  I couldn't do it.  I'm a wimp.I sadly drowned my lusty sorrows in the Artichoke and Beef Salad and Spicy Basil Chicken.  Which tasted damn good and quite frankly cheered me up.  Until I saw him leave.  I'll go back. Not just because they have tasty ass food.Cuz they have tasty ass men who go there!
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2006,12/19/2006,1501,948,21,30,31>I finally found it.Good Pseudo Sushi.99 point rating ! by Department of  Public Health, San Francisco.Well,It's not that clean looking interior, tell you the truth.But,very authentic Nigiri that "neta" goes over the "shari" and touches the surface, it means that a big slice of fish-meat. I saw the dimple on "Nigiri" too.An old Korean couple own this place.Wife; waitress.Husband; sushi-chef.Very dedicated well manner people there.It is pseudo sushi but very authentic.This Sushi-chef knows and understands the "dimple" of nigiri.I can call him Sushi-Chef, not Sushi maker, period.But,I can tell that their "Neta" isn't high-end fresh fish.but, he can be able to handle very well that what area of fish and how to slice it,so that he can still use the fish before it's too late.That's why the price is very reasonable.This is the techneque that study and understand only by good experience.If you know the limit of when to use the raw-fish, it doesn't have to be super fresh. Two minor points,1: It looks like another dumb cheap-hippy-looking coffee and captino place.But,I take it as one of  their charm-point.And,2 :of course, naturally they have Tempura, Teriyaki, Bento, Noodles etc.You name it. They have everything Japanese, and Kim-chee too.Because they are Korean born Korean.Thay want to eat Sushi with Tempura togather.I don't,but they do.But I see this place as authentic, Korean or Japanese, whatever.Most importantly,You'll feel welcome.And please remember that 99 point rating Sushi.You must feel safe here.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2006,12/18/2006,4961,1539,15,42,59>I truly believe that an angel was watching over me during my drive up to the city this morning. While driving in slow traffic on 101 North, my car suddenly died. My gas tank was full, so that wasn't the problem. I was in the far left lane and panic began to come over me. "PLEASE GOD, don't leave me here like this!!"I placed the car in Park and tried the ignition. Miraculously, the car started back up immediately. I hit the hazards and slowly cruised across 4 lanes - all the other cars stopped just for me in those few seconds for me to pass with ease - and pulled off the freeway and onto Potrero Ave. I had no idea where I was going and knew that I wouldn't be able to go much further - my car was starting to make scary loud clanking noises. I spotted a Walgreens on the corner of 24th and pulled into their parking lot. I parked the car and sat there wondering who I should call for help. I looked in my rearview mirror and saw a body shop. I got out of my car and as I got closer, I saw an auto repair shop located right next to the body shop. It was too good to be true! I crossed the street and walked into the garage. "Welcome Home" the mechanic greeted me. Interesting greeting, I thought. I told him what had happened, and he went back to my car with me to check it out. After looking under the hood and advising me not to restart it, Paul, the mechanic, called his tow truck driver friend who came over 10 minutes later to tow it across the street. Those of you who have seen my hooptie LS 400, you'll know that my license plate is personalized with my last name. Paul saw this, and asked if I was Chinese, to which I answered yes. He busted out in Mandarin and in his friendly demeanor told me that I had nothing to worry about. He reassured me that it wasn't a serious problem and that he would give me an excellent price since they had just moved to that location and was offering a 50% off labor special. The tow truck driver, who was extremely nice as well, came in minutes and told me that Paul was a really good guy and would definitely take good care of me. Paul called me later in the afternoon and gave me an estimate of $100 (approx. $40 for the new belt and $55 for labor) - way less then I had expected. The flyer Paul gave me as I left the shop this morning read: "In God We Trust. Divine Grace Auto Service." The grace of God and goodness of man was definitely upon me today.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2006,12/17/2006,359,743,27,29,38>I have been accused, on occasion, of being a shrew. Realistically, it's more of an observation, since I am generally a total asshole, with the occasional benevolent interlude. But while I do enjoy belittling children at every opportunity, there are certain things that do melt this heart of stone. And I mean besides a well-made cocktail.But on that note, the Alembic is the place for a well-made cocktail. Sans the Disneyish hype of Bourbon & Branch's faux speakeasy, Alembic has created a crisp, classic shrine to traditional cocktails; a drinking institution of institutions, featuring Old Fashioneds, Sazeracs, and what can only be described as a Real Daiquiri. But like I said, there are other things besides cocktails that make me crack a smile. And since the only thing I really care about is Edwardian-period decorative arts and architecture, my favorite thing about the Alembic is its built environment. The decorative aspects of the Alembic really set the appropriate background for a cocktail menu that aims to be both traditionalist and art nouveau. They've (wisely) antiqued their tin ceilings, unlike a certain downtown speakeasy, and their lighting evokes the early stages of electricity, imparting an air of authenticity to what is basically an artistic rendering of a period cocktail lounge. The bar itself, made from refinished Kezar bleacher seats, is both spartan and luxurious; a simple construction with a wealth of local ghosts. And, see, where most bars would have one or two really great aspects, The Alembic scores perfectly all around. The service is extremely professional. I guess the most notable thing is the maturity level of the servers. Nothing ruins a $12 cocktail like a giggly-ass sorority girl waitress (heart of stone!), or a ditzy but well-meaning post rock grrrl who's just cocktailing between band gigs. Alembic's servers are professionals. Adults. Living proof that one can be simultaneously young, attractive, and not an idiot. Also, they have excellent food. Surprisingly good, considering Magnolia's food sucked so hard for so long. But the Alembic, jewel of jewels, serves duck risotto cakes in a mango reduction, little Moroccan lamb sandwiches with harissa aioli, jamaican jerk chicken wings, and something featuring a quail egg. It's a refined, earthy, fearless bar menu of incredible flavor and quality. Also, the Sazerac is a fun thing to find on a cocktail menu. It's like a hidden wink; a Where's Waldo in the big world of bars. It says that a bar has respect for the drinking traditions of its elders; the drink is truly a heritage cocktail, with the heady flavor of the communion of deep South and French culture. But few people understand that a key ingredient in the cocktail is absinthe, and you're likely to get a glassful of whiskey and bitters in almost any part of the country outside New Orleans. The beautiful thing about Alembic's Sazerac is that they've got a sassy little absinthe impostor, an mystery anisette/chartreuse type liqueur, and one can order it "heavy on the anise" which is a beautiful thing. It almost makes me feel affection for my fellow man. Almost.The neighborhood deserved this wonderful place. Five fucking stars.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2012,2/10/2013,4474,1400,106,119,111>You're enjoying a wonderful, romantic dinner only to be distracted by the couple next to you. The woman is clearly upset and balling her eyes out at the dinner table.AWKWARD! Leave your relationship problems at home please.Except I was THAT woman...balling  my eyes out at the dinner table. Not because Mr. NSS and I were fighting but because I had an epiphany of how I blessed I am. I didn't grow up in poverty. I didn't grow up in a home with domestic violence (I had a dad that lined the corners of the house with diapers so I wouldn't fall and hurt myself). I've never been locked up (though my friends think I will one day for public indecency). I sat there with my eyeliner running down by face and my whore lashes falling off like I had just did the walk of shame as our waiter, Dominic gave a short speech. He stood up in front of all the Old Skool Café patrons and told us about how he grew up in a home with domestic violence and has been in out of jail since he was 12 years old. Just when he thought he would never be able to find a job with a criminal record, Old Skool Café took him in, and taught him (and other at-risk youths) how to cook, how to bus tables, and most importantly, is giving him marketable skills to pursue a future career in the restaurant industry.For this, I would like to dedicate my 1000th review to OId Skool Café, a supperclub dedicated to helping at-risk youths make a positive transition in their livesNestled inside a small street in Bayview-Hunter's Point, Old Skool Café is a converted abandoned church turned supperclub. Upon walking in, you will be amazed that this gem is located in this part of San Francisco. The sultry burgundy walls, vintage golden chandeliers, youths dressed in formal red and black jazz attire with suspenders, and live music by talented singers make this a perfect date place for a romantic dinner. Fellas, this is a perfect *panty dropping* date place. Once she hears the story behind the supperclub, she'll melt and be amazed that you took the time to research and pick a place with such a worthy cause. TRUST ME.Old Skool Café serves soul food tapas style. They recommend 3-4 dishes per a person which can add up. Wine by the glass was $8-$12. Dinner for two is about $100 (including gratuity). Not exactly the cheapest but it's for a good cause and great way to give back to the community.F O O DDating a human garbage disposal, we ordered 5 dishes plus dessert. I wasn't very hungry but it was just enough for the both of us. Given these youths have no formal culinary training; the food served was very impressive. The extent of Mr. NSS cooking is microwaving Egg Beaters and he's 32 so I give these kids props. The absolute favs of the night were the Shrimp & Grits - $12 (bit.ly/12KUVfv), the West African Peanut Butter Stew - $12 (bit.ly/W1WbFl), and Baby Back Ribs - $11 (bit.ly/Y7PWBf). The shrimp was plumply tender and sweet while the cheesy grits were smooth yet had a chunky bite to them. Loved the bits of chorizo for an added richness.  The peanut stew was like a peanut butter curry. Richly thick, the peanut butter stew had tender chunks of chicken and a scoop of white rice to mellow out the robust flavors. The baby back ribs were fall of the bone tender and nicely lacquered with a tangy smoky bbq sauce with a touch of sweetness. The Gumbo - $12 ((bit.ly/VreNh2) could have benefited from more seasoning and more roux for a thicker consistency while the Calamari - $9 ((bit.ly/TlYVCv) could have used more batter and less time in the fryer as it was a bit dry and overcooked. We ended dinner with the Panna Cotta - $7 (bit.ly/TlZUlW) since they were out of the Sweet Potato Pie which was deliciously custardy but the balsamic reduction was a tiny bit too pungent. S E R V I C EFriendly, attentive, and professional, these young servers will surely be ready for to hit San Francisco's finest restaurants in the future. Food service was pretty timely given it started getting crowded as the weekend night progressed.A M B I A N C E / D E C O RPanty Dropper.P A R K I N GPlenty of street parking around the corner on Oakdale. The T-line is just steps away though I would recommend driving or taking the taxi.The food and the service at Old Skool Cafe far exceeded by expectations given the youths had no formal training.  Although it wasn't perfect, it's better than anything I could ever produce in the kitchen (even as an adult) without burning down the house or being sent to the ER after dropping a tray of plates on my foot.  Mad props to Old Skool Café  for this and helping at-risk youths completely turn their lives around for the better.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2012,2/9/2013,211,461,9,14,10>I am all for street food and the drive behind it. I dig the idea of bringing new tastes to the masses, the gung ho entrepreneur gusto it takes to accomplish a dream and the delicious results (full belly, still pretty full wallet). Having written that, I'm a lo tech girl.No really, I still send Christmas cards, I don't use facebook or twitter and until this last weekend, I had a FLIP PHONE. I'm not really ashamed by any of this but I won't lie if I dine from a lovely food establishment that has wheels its a serendipitous event. In other words I happened to see it walking along or I overheard someone's loud conversation on their smarty pants phone mentioning that they just got a tweet that the truck/cart is a block away (that's how I found the creme brulee cart). But I found the answer to my nibble needs and possibly yours too.Streets has taken residency on a festive block of Polk (between Turk and Eddy, the word festive can take on many connotations). Run by the friendly Scotty, this clean, quaint store front has a menu to the left with the days offerings based on Scotty's travels and tastings throughout the city and the world. The selections are limited but varied, meaning you'll almost certainly find something for lunch or hearty mid day snack. Plus all the selections at the time of this writing were under ten dollars so your wallet won't be hurting after you grub. Even if you are really, really hurting you can still swing for the dollar dog ($1.25 for a hotdog with all the fixings--that's less than a cup of coffee nearby)My co "test bunny" and I chose the Mission Style tacos (2 for $4.75) and the grilled chicken pita sandwich ($5.75). The sandwich was filling and tasty, the mint yogurt dressing mingled well with the dark meat and the lettuce, tomatoes and cucumbers were as crisp and refreshing as the dressing (if I was reviewing the sandwich I'd say its a 4).The tacos though are 5 star all the way. The pulled pork in the tacos was hot and juicy in the best way and paired in perfect harmony with the toppings of caja cheese, cilantro, tomatoes and the optional chiccarones (get them! what's wrong with a touch of fried pork skin on top?). 2 is definitely a meal. As this place grows and continues, Scotty will be offering changes and specials, so keep your eyes peeled at the board.The place is a small one man operation so have patience (as I know this place will only grow with popularity). Support small local business and get your yum yums on!
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2012,2/8/2013,621,355,5,9,10>Perhaps I once walked past Crepevine and thought, "Nope, I don't want something precious like a crepe."I could not have been more wrong.Crepes (nothin' fussy here - hearty and unique with everything from eggplant to Philly cheesesteak including veggie options), plus salads, sandwiches, French toast, omelettes, Buffalo wings, fried calamari and so much more.The huge chalkboards listing all their menu items are pretty staggering the first (or second) visit. And, the full menu is available from opening to close (which is pretty awesome if you feel like a Denver omelette at 10pm).I had Crepevine's Mimosa at brunch today and may I say - thank you for the huge goblet? It was powerful enough that I took a nap an hour after I got home.(and may I also say "thank you" for the skinny $5.95 pricing on this generously-sized, strong and icy Mimosa)I also like that the servers approach you while you're in line to order to ask what table you'd like and then marking the table "reserved." There's nothing worse than standing in line and nervously looking around thinking, "I hope all the good tables aren't gone by the time I walk away from the counter."(you know that anxious, sinking feeling I described, akin to waiting in line at the movie theater and hoping you'll get two seats together and not in the very front row)Crepevine, I'm so sorry I walked past you and otherwise dismissed your fine offerings sight unseen until now.  I was wrong and I promise I'll spend a lot of money dining here to make it up to you.PS Your bacon is divine and so are your deliciously crispy fries. I think you sprinkle crack on all of your food. I admit: I am addicted.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2012,2/7/2013,65,257,10,10,7>'elevated' is an over-used word in gastro circles but it is appropriate here... and not just because you're likely to sit on a high stool at a communal table.Wine-centric really appealed to my wife the oenophile. She was effusive in her praise for the suggested pairings throughout the meal.  That's a strong recommendation.  I'm a wine spectator due to sulfite allergy, but St. Vincent has a nice ale list so don't despair if you are a hophead like me.  I like to think I get closer to the essence of the chef's art - wine tends to cloud my palate more than beer.The food is (mostly) superb.  Started with rootbeer boiled peanuts - oh, yeah! most boiled peanuts leave me wishing for the crispy kind, not these.  haunting and lasting aromas and flavors abound in these.  Also tried the baconettes - kind of a chicharrone but from bacon fat.  Now you'd think that is a ticket thru the pearly gates but all of the St. Vincent staff needs to promise to consume some of 4505 Meats' chicharrones and rethink their offering.First courses - the bomb!  the Laverbread appetizer is a culinary masterpiece, highly recommended.  What they do with steelcut oats, laver and a sous vide oyster is ethereal. Not to mention the wild chanterelle riding on top.  And it's a generous serving, thank heavens, because you just want to keep tasting it!   We also tried the she-crab which is the beatification of corn chowder with lobster, sea urchin and french beans, topped with a little fresh fennel - some high-falutin comfort food there. Mains - just forget everything else and get the ham chop, unless you don't eat pork.  the best elements of curing and smoking come together in a thick chop for a close-your-eyes reverie.  Seriously.  Served with corn spoonbread (a little sweet for my taste), sauteed apple slices with a little honey (perfect) and dandelion greens (a nice cut to balance the richness of the pork),  We also tried the ling cod - I'd say skip it, blah.  Not bad, but not up to the rest of the treats, even with the flourish of lobster mushroom. That cod cost St.Vincent the elusive 5.   Back to 'elevation' - if you don't like sitting on high stools at a communal table where your neighbor may whip out a 40-yr old boob and breastfeed sans cover, reserve EARLY to get a traditional table/chair.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,2/6/2013,196,226,11,20,19>You know their food is good as you sit there enjoying your food and drinks while you see masking tape taped over the dishes shown on their chalkboard one by one as the night rolls by.Grab a drink and wait in line in their semi-romantic dimmed hallway as it leads you to the restaurant area in the back. Yes, the line is long but I love how Broken Records acknowledge their customers waiting. They also wrote on their chalkboard thanking us for our patience and there are only 2 people cooking and they are working as fast as they can. And when you actually get up to the register to order, they will thank you again for being so patient with them. Brownie points there.My party and I ordered the Crawfish Grit. Mildly spicy and not too heavy on the cheese. One person can finish this if this is the only entree you are having. If not, split with 2 people.Chicken drumsticks are $3 each and it's a great option you can just order 1 for yourself. It comes with blue cheese dressing. The chicken was glazed with honey and is very juicy.The sweet potatertots is really good as well. I think the portion is huge for a side order.We also ordered the Pork Tenderloin that everybody raved about but after finishing our other dishes for a good 45 minutes. This dish never came. *sad face* So I went up to the register to check on it and somehow it got skipped. We were so full already so I asked if we can just cancel the order. Staff was really cool about it and refunded this dish to us. As I went back to the table to continue the night with my party just drinking and chatting away, OUR PORK TENDERLOIN SHOWED UP!!!!!! O_O Was it a mistake? No... instead, the staff brought over the Tomato Toast as well! Turns out that it was on-the-house for forgetting our order. Let alone the fact they were super busy, with a constant line and only 2 people cooking, AND refunding our dish...they definitely did not fail to keep their customers happy.This is how Broken Record won 5 stars from me for their outstanding customer service, delicious food, friendly staff who can manage to stay cheerful with a positive attitude under a usual hectic night. I will be back for sure. Thank you so much, Broken Record team!
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,2/5/2013,350,253,8,12,11>State Bird Provisions has received a lot of hype.  I was able to grab a walk-in table right when they first opened, but had to wait another month before I could make my second reservation!  But man, is it ever worth it.The food comes out on trays and carts.  Most of the time they rotate clockwise, once in a while they mix it up and go counterclockwise.  So, you want to sit in the middle column, closer to the front of the restaurant to get first dibs!  Of course, since the restaurant is in such high demand you are rarely able to choose your table.  If you're stuck in the back (like we were the second time) you can always creepily peer around at what other people are eating (no shame!) and ask your server about the dishes.  There's no rule that says you have to wait for the trays!My favorite dish here so far was only available the first visit - a potato puree.  I could describe it in words and it would not do it justice.  Everything was thoughtfully made.  My best suggestion would be to try everything that sounds good.  And everything will sound good - that's why they come in small plates! You can try everything!  (Don't forget the items only available by ordering off the menu).  The state bird is crispy and succulent, the garlic bread with burrata is fluffy and warm, the farro salad was refreshing with a surprising depth.Wine prices are very reasonable and start around $30/bottle.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2012,2/4/2013,827,179,15,18,15>This is definitely one of the better Korean BBQ places in SF. We came here on a Saturday night and the place was packed. I liked how they put some thought into the design, making it look somewhat like a temple. Luckily our wait wasn't too long and we were seated by one of the booths.To me, the banchan (side dishes) are just as important as the main dishes, and the banchan at Han II Kwan was excellent. It was fresh and they had a lot of variety. Also, this is the only restaurant I've been to where the tofu soup is on the house. We sampled most of the meat, including Kalbi, bulgogi, chicken and pork. The meat was marinated perfectly and tasted delicious, very similar to some of the meals I have had in the LA k-town. They have a parking spot for tour buses right outside the restaurant. During the middle of our meal, half the customers in the restaurant started leaving. We were a little confused until we realized they were all from the same Korean tour group. The bill was around $160 for a group of six people. We left the restaurant with our stomach full, our clothes and hair smelling like Korean BBQ, and some bones for my dogs to chew on. Overall, the bbq meat here is delicious and I would definitely come back again.
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,2/3/2013,363,329,19,21,21>Though I miss the old JC spot on Natoma, I'm a huge fan of the not so newish and bigger location on Minna.I've been to JC for happy hours only, and has such a cool vibe. On the first floor, there's a loungey area in the front and back with a few tables and makeshift dance floor, and upstairs has a sweet DJ set up and more loungey areas. JC has numerous beers on tap and drink specials like the Moscow Mule at happy hour prices until 7pm. Sweet!Even sweeter, are the pretzels and goldfish to nibble on while you're hanging with pals at the bar. It's been over a week since the Giants won their second World Series in three years, and I'm in baseball withdrawal. I watched several of the WS games here at JC, and it was such a great atmosphere. They had the games on 4 different screens, and had a few projected on the walls (even having to take down some artwork). JC bartenders were even leading the Gmen cheers for Zito, Scutaro, Panda, and I felt like we were down the way at AT&T Park. It was absolute insanity and Pandamonium when Panda hit 3 homers on Game 1.  Anyway, I can't wait for more game watching and fun times when the  2013 season starts. Let's go Giants!! (Clap, clap, clap clap clap)! In the meantime, be sure to hit up John Colins. It's a cool spot for happy hours, birthday gatherings, etc.,  Great location and vibe, and easily accessible via public transportation. What  more can you ask for?
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,2/2/2013,476,561,14,18,21>Excellent service and great ambiance, especially for a damp November day. The cozy fire was a nice mini-escape from the office.Thank you Peg S. for a lovely meal! Here's the run down of our fare:- Baby Kale Salad - with pomegarante, persimmons and honey walnut vinaigrette: A light and flavorful salad.- Crispy Brussels Sprouts - with parmesan, pinenuts and garlic: Good, but not memorable.- Roasted Fairytale Pumpkin - with pepitas, sage and spiced honey: On the sweet side, a bit desserty.- Grilled Monterey Calamari - with tomato-chorizo jam and crispy polenta: Nice blend of flavors and textures. Beware of the squid ink - it can give you goth lips.From this assortment, my favorites were the calamari dish and the kale salad. We stuffed ourselves and had a bit of leftovers. No room to squeeze in dessert, although their menu is tempting.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2012,2/1/2013,181,5,17,16,15>Pros: Great view in an excellent neighborhood. It has grass. It has tennis courts. It's always sunny. It's a very big park. There's a woman who walks around selling cookies.  It's close to BiRite. There are often very fun events that take place in the park. There's often nude people in the park.Cons: There are always a lot people in the park. There are often a lot of people on drugs in the park. You can often smell the drugs. There are usually a lot of dogs in the park. It's always sunny. There's often nude people in the park. Overall, I dig Dolores. Despite the rampant debauchery.......or maybe because of it.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2005,8/15/2005,55,125,,1,1>Absolutely the most amazing margaritas!  The spot is a little out of the way but it's worth it. Strong margaritas made with your choice of a wide selection of Tequila and limes squeezed right in front of you. One glass is a GREAT start. Cozy mom and pop type atmosphere with plenty of energy!  As for the food..to tell you the truth, I've only eaten there once after sharing a pitcher (or few) of magaritas so it was decent from what I remember...?  Can you tell the rating is for the margaritas!?
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2005,8/14/2005,39,66,,2,1>The food lives up to its terrific Yelp reputation - every dish was simply superb.  My lamb shank was so tender it just fell off the bone, and the oxtail was amazing.  I was a little annoyed with their reservation process at first, but once I saw how tiny it was I forgave them.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2005,8/13/2005,85,137,,1,2>I was in desperate need of a haircut.  I was also seeking a place that could just do whatever to my hair since I'm am hip-challenged and was ready to go back to 3/4" all the way around with an electric buzzer.  Not very condusive to the social agenda, but oh so simple and cheap!  My friend Maggie recommended Elevation as we were waiting for a friend to meet us and had an hour to spend.  My hair stylist, Russ, was very cool and worked on my hair for the entire hour.  A little much, but at the same time, I don't think I've ever had someone pay such close attention to my hair.  I have crazy wavy curls and mad cow licks and it is near impossible to tame, though I think Russ did a great job especially since he cut it in a way that I can just jump out of the shower and go.  Despite paying $60 for the cut, I am quite happy with it.  I don't think I can afford to spend that much money each time though and will probably find some barber around the corner and then visit Elevation when the hair gets unbearable again.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2005,8/13/2005,0,0,,,>Sweet little bar with some great drinks (If you haven't had one of their greyhounds, you need to go). One of the worst experiences of my dating career (actually i am hoping dating is more of a temp job than a career) involved a night at the lion pub about a year ago, and i still give it 4 stars.I was on a break from my recent ex and had met this girl at the matrix the week before (bad prognostic sign). I had been a little enebriated when i met her, when I she oponed her door I actually asked her if her roomate was there, she didn't look anything like i remembered (yes worse, does it ever go the other way). She wanted to go out to dinner like two doors down from my exe's house, so i was totally stressed throughout the meal as we had just split like two weeks before. Dinner was pretty mediocre, but i wasn't quite ready to quit. Headed over to the lion for some drinks and things just really degraded. I think i was a little distant which she picked up on, but jesus, she just had a total meltdown about halfway through her second vodka collins. I dealt with it for about 30 minutes as it got worse and worse. At one point she actually got up and sat at another table about twenty feet away from mine and just full on sulked.I finally got up to go, at which point she totally pulled a 180, followed me out to the front of the bar, and was actually trying to make out. I think the music from brazil was just blaring in my head at that point, and there was definately a part of my brain reaching back to my psych class and trying to figure out what her diagnosis was and the type of meds she must be on.Probably the fastest i have ever made it from the front door of a club into a cab (thanks luxor, you saved me again).Great bar, horrible date. Try thier snacks on friday and saturdays.-S
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2005,8/12/2005,340,166,21,12,16>Ask for Mei.  Tell her Bob sent you.There's a lot of yip-yapping going into my ears while my hair is being trimmed.  The big one likes to talk about her husband and their house.  The little one with beautiful hands likes to watch the tv in the mirror reflection and talk in half-english half-mumble and half-something-else about her son.  I think she said he was a blind auto mechanic who fixed old volkswagens.  He licked the auto parts to ensure he was putting the right one in the right volkswagen. I think of nodding to acknowledge that I'm listening to her, but there is a pair of scissors near my right ear.  I can hear it clipping the air, snipping my hair...  so, I just laugh and close my eyes and pray that she is one of those few people who can watch the news and cut hair at the same time.     -     -     -     -     -Finally. I've been putting this haircut off for a long time.  It always goes the same way:  No time.  No money.  (No sh|t.)  I was walking around like I usually do... my direct deposit finally went through and I didn't have anything to do and really nowhere to be.  (Going nowhere in life, but I have to get back to the job soon.)  I didn't feel like the barbershop scene because they usually cut all of my hair off because the hair collectors pay them by the pound.  I have a fairly good idea how I want my hair cut, but I'd like to get some tips and some recommendations as well. That's why I was glad when I found Mei at Ahmet's.  She's a little worried because her son's job has him flying around the country and the US are pissing people off all over the world, but she seems happy cutting hair for a living.  Thank goodness for that.Thanks.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2005,8/11/2005,55,47,,2,1>The inimitable Andrew is the proprietor of Adobe Book Shop, which is quite simply the cultural heart of my favorite intersection in the city (16th & Valencia). Adobe is one of the joys of life. A bit chaotic, always packed to the ceiling with great new discoveries (books that is) and local characters (literary types, artists, eccentrics and people you would want to strike up a conversation with). The place to go when you're feeling down and just want to be alone, or maybe run into an interesting stranger.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2005,8/10/2005,202,399,1,4,>First of all, as you approach the case of cakes at Miette, something may strike you as eerily familiar. Perhaps it's because the shop--particularly the cakes and the case that house them--are reminiscent of artist Wayne Theibaud's paintings. This is on purpose, as one of the owners has a background in art and is a huge Wayne Theibaud fan. She wanted to make cakes like the ones in his paintings. Conceptually, Miette--a french styled organic patisserie, is extremely clever. Their products are unique, rich and sinful--not to mention organic, too.  The counter staff are always warm & friendly--no attitude here. The lemon tart, after tingling in your mouth, will send you on the biggest sugar rollercoaster you've ever been on. I took one of the chocolate cherry cakes with the white icing to an event and everyone raved about it. Miette is the only place I will buy cakes from now on. Not that much pricier than other bakeries, and worth every penny.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2005,8/9/2005,11,16,,1,>Festoon is on the cutting edge- no pun intended- of hair design.  They are a teaching salon that offers excellent service and edgy looks.  The Bumble and Bumble products are beauty & science at its best.  The vibe is hip, contemporary and as if there are no crappy bosses around. Everyone is happy and into what they do!  Ask for Mya- awesome stylist. Oh and dogs are welcome.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2005,8/8/2005,849,1374,1,7,3>This place is so good that my boyfriend chose to go here for dinner to celebrate getting his PhD! The Persian food is the best in the Bay Area. Barg and Chicken kebab with jeweled rice (zeresht polo) are our favorite orders. And I just remembered the warm house bread. Mmmmmmmmmmm....
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2005,8/7/2005,45,0,,1,>This french pastry/sandwich shop is just a stones throw from my (former) work.  Well thank you Patisserie for testing my good eating habits several times a day.  Anything you get from here is out of this world.  They have several kinds of croissants, cookies, elaborate beautiful desserts, tarts, bread pudding.  They serve each one to you at your table treating it as the little treasure that it is.  The people who work here are lovely, its pretty inside or you can snag one of the outside tables and watch the people on Union Street walk by and waste your day away eating pastries, drinking wine or coffee or tea.  Did I mention their sandwiches?  Camberbert cheese, green apple on a fresh baguette.  Thats my favorite.  But they are all good.  I love this place!
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/28/2009,9/16/2009,258,82,13,16,19>As if Taylor's needs a 712th review, but here goes.3 stars is not what I typically dole out for a place I genuinely enjoy going to, but let's get real- I'm an instant fan of anywhere that gets me away from the office and in the sun with friends. It's not Taylor's food that keeps me coming back per se; in this location, any place that served semi-decent food would get my repeat business on a sunshiny day.So, I'll keep waiting in the huge line of people to order my semi-decent, way overpriced burger.  Taylor's must make a killing, cause holy eff it's pricey for the lack of what you get- $14 for a burger and sweet potato fries. I'll need much more stimulating in this economy to make Taylor's a weekly favorite .... got any ideas?
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2009,9/15/2009,704,219,21,24,25>Udupi Palace. I have 1 question for you. Why are you so good?Who needs meat when vegetarian options can taste this great? Udupi has been my go-to restaurant for my Indian fix for 5 years now (there is another udupi palace in Berkeley), and it has never let me down. I'm not going here for the service or the atmosphere, so those have no bearing whatsoever on this review. I'm sorry, but when the food is this good, I just don't care about what is going on around me. This is not the kind of vegetarian food that is going to make you skinny. No no my friend, quite the contrary! There are very few restaurants that make me feel okay with becoming obese, but Udupi has really made me feel comfortable with the concept. I'm sure that the reason their curries are like ambrosia is because they are chalk full of cream, or butter, or both.  But who cares when you're having multiple food orgasms?! How can I describe the wonder that is the paneer makhani? Unfortunately every meal I have here is so good that I'm at a loss for words, which is really inconvenient when writing a review!And, the serving sizes are huge! It's great if you can save 1/2 of your meal for the next day. It's bad if, like me, you eat until your stomach is actually going to burst and you consider going to the emergency room. Luckily my friends know about my lack of control in the face of Udupi (especially since it's only 2 blocks away) and  I have a circle of support around me to stop this from happening.Stop what you are doing right now, call, and place an order. You will not regret it.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2009,9/14/2009,608,477,27,33,35>This is when I eat El Farolito:- When I'm hungry - When I'm feeling poor and only want to spend less than $10 for a meal- When I feel sad and need a pick me up- When I want to gain weight- When I'm craving good down and dirty Mexican food- When I have been drinking in the Mission district on a Fri/Sat night- On my work lunch break (Yes...I work at Embarcadero but it's literally a 5-7 minute BART ride. Get on at Embarcadero and get off at 24th and Mission! Only 5 stops. LOOOOVEE it!)This is what I eat at El Farolito:- Super Suiza Quesadilla with Carne Asada (steak) or Pollo (chicken)- Super Burrito NO BEANS with Carne Asada (steak) or Pollo (chicken)This is what I want to try at El Farolito b/c it looks so tasty:- Mexican Tortas! (sandwiches)This is why I'm taking off 1 star:- When I ask for light sour cream on my burrito, I end up getting a lot. When I don't mention anything about sour cream, I usually get a little. I JUST WANT A LITTLE DAMMIT.- Everytime I visit this El Farolito, all the tables seem to be dirty. Rice bits here, rice bits there, chips here, chips there. I could NOT find one table that was bussed and clean. I had to take a napkin and clean it off myself.'Nuff said. El Farolito is my GO TO place to get tasty mouth-watering Mexican food.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2009,9/13/2009,364,268,41,32,36>My Chinese mother would freak out if she knew I paid $48 for a roast chicken. "Costco only $5 dollars". Mama, let me justify why paying $48 for a mere roast chicken alone was so worth it: 1.) I got to share 2 orders of roast chicken with 3 wonderful friends over wine, a side of thin crispy shoestring fries, and the creamiest, freshest oysters I've had to date--all enjoyed at a table overlooking the oyster bar and kitchen. Did I mention they have a live pianist playing music while you enjoy your dinner? 2.) Now, let's start with the chicken skin. It was perfectly crispy, paper thin, and tasted like the chicken had been brining in salt and bathing in butter and herbs from birth. How great it would be to eat an entire plate of this crispy skin...but, alas, there is the meat...3.) Ah, the meat. I honestly could not differentiate between the white and dark meat because every piece of chicken I had was like dark meat -- smooth, juicy, and bursting with flavor. 4.) And the bread salad stuffing? Let's just say this girl ate all her salad. The stuffing was crispy yet moist and tasty. It accompanied the chicken very well. Next time I have a salad, it'll have to be a bread salad where the stuffing is proportionately greater than lettuce and you have to move chicken aside to get to the greens...So, Mama, I hope you understand now why I paid $48 for chicken. I was being a good Chinese daughter by investing in making my belly happy so one day I could give you chubby grandchildren. Okay...hmmm...that last statement was a tad of a stretch...
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2009,9/12/2009,324,116,29,22,24>Oh, hey there yelp friends!Good to see you again, here in this glorious new year. What's changed since we last spoke? Well, after several weeks of litigation, I finally won my battle against a stubborn cold and was awarded a full remedy. Hooray! Also- went to my gym to renew my membership; annual fee up a hundred bucks. Boo! But the most exciting news- am starting out the year with instant validation by being awarded Elite status. This is entirely because I'm willing to let you all know what an cotton-headed ninnymuggins I am, and you show your appreciation by laughing at me and not deeming anything I write useful. Kisses!My first weekend of '09 began with a milestone- meeting the boyfriend's out-of-towner dad. Contrary to popular opinion (and numerous documented accounts of the author's own doing), I can actually be fairly charming. My boyfriend's father was in the Bay Area for business, and being the SF native it was up to me to determine a suitable dinner destination for the visiting Bostonian. After much deliberation, I decided on Enrico's, a North Beach staple celebrating 50 years of excellence. Upon arrival I could tell I had done good- both my boyfriend and his old man were impressed by the timeless ambiance of the restaurant, accentuated by the live Latin Jazz band (which I'd cleverly commissioned for the evening... or so led my companions to believe). Our waiter was friendly and accommodating, making helpful suggestions for our courses and beverages. We ate family-style (yeah, I was already SO in), sharing calamari and beef carpaccio as appetizers, and enjoying a ravioli dish, the salmon, and the lamb shank braised in a lovely red wine sauce as our mains.After gorging ourselves, we further indulged in a dessert platter and wine, and finished off dinner with pleasant chit-chat. I chose this moment to solidify my place in the heart of my boyfriend's dad by sharing the adorable anecdote of that night when I was sixteen and shared a fifth of tequila with two girlfriends and puked in nearly every room of my parents' house.Did I mention I'm SO in?
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2009,9/11/2009,307,514,30,36,34>Mitsi H!!!!  My honey!  I smooch you for turning me on to this place!  It was less than 72 hours of my having read your review, that my husband practically forced me to come here, if only to stop my gabbing about the happy fact that a honey store exists.Giddy with anticipation, I nearly walked right past this new store when looking for it (signage is not large).  But then, the pristine white store with gleaming rows of honey jars caught my eye.  Upon entering, I was immediately taken with the gorgeous mural behind the cash register.  Doing a slow 360, I surveyed the goods, all carefully placed with museum-like attention to detail and space.They have:local honey (really local, like Glen Park and the Sunset honeys)bee-keeping paraphernalia and how-to booksnon-local honey (like gourmet Hawaiian honey)bees' wax candles/soapshoney tastingshoney lip balms and healing salvesplans for honey tasting/wine/cheese pairing eventsand more!!!As I stood ogling the rows and rows of honey happiness, I was greeted by a delightful woman who turned out to be the owner.  She was most informative and pleasant even though she was probably secretly chuckling over my infantile enthusiasm.  (At one point, I had even pulled my shirt half off to show her my bee tattoo!)  She guided me through my first honey tasting, (which was brave of her, giving me  sugar, as I was seriously hopped up already on the mere thought of all that honey).  Oh the wonderousness of it all!  If you haven't tried real gourmet honeys, you have got to try this stuff.  Some are so complex, ranging from buttery caramel to rose and cilantro tinged.My favorites were the Glen Park honey, La Honda cappings honey (I finally learned what that means), the gourmet Hawaiian honey, and the one she didn't have in stock from Chicago that tasted like roses.  I bought the first 3 honeys, and I've become a serious fiend for that Hawaiian honey.  I don't even want to "waste" it by spreading it on anything, preferring instead to just eat it by the spoonful.  My husband prefers the Glen Park honey.  The point is, the honeys are obviously all carefully selected and exquisitely presented in this fine, fine store.Long live the Queen!Long live Her Majesty's Beekeeper (who hopefully won't stay a "secret" for long, because I want to see this place buzzin'!)
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2009,9/9/2009,1070,429,71,45,50>The morning after a bad first date, some people count their losses and clink mimosa glasses with girlfriends. Others wind up in jail. I write down the "greatest hits" of the evening so that someday my children can have a laugh at all the men that came before their father, Ted Mosby-style. The morning after a good first date, some people wake up with their stomachs aflutter and the kiss still lingering on their lips. Others wind up in an unfamiliar bedroom. I wake up with a hangover. You say alcoholism, I say "why hasn't he called yet?" Potato, potahto. (Hi, Mom. Your daughter is a winner.) When my favorite metro-beard growing-punk rocker-Asian friend invited me to brunch, I was hesitant. After all, Sunday mornings are meant for drinking lots of water while watching TV shows on Hulu, not for traipsing around the city during a storm. I'm glad I agreed to brave the rain and my headache to enjoy brunch at Chow. My bacon-pepper scramble was greasy and flavorful and everything my body craved, and my friend's pork carnitas seem to make him quite happy. I was disappointed at the lukewarm temperature of the freshly-squeezed orange juice, but in general I appreciated the streamlined menu. Instead of spending time looking over a tome of breakfast options, I was able to zero in and find something worthy quickly. Finding someone who thinks I'm worthy of a second date? Hm, maybe not as quickly.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2009,9/8/2009,591,426,179,73,75>Dear Guy Who Brought Me Here On What I Thought Was A Date,I appreciate you picking your favorite restaurant to take me to.  I didn't even mind that you said you had a gift certificate that you wanted to use.  Ebisu has a great reputation and I was very excited to try it.  I was even excited to hang out with you.I also really appreciate that you appreciate my love of sushi and have a strong love for it yourself.  In fact, I learned a lot about sushi on our "date" because your are so knowledgeable about Japanese food.  I was also impressed that you wanted to wait for seats at the bar in a certain section because you liked that sushi chef.  When you let the chef just start preparing anything he liked for us, I was giddy with joy and excitement at the culinary adventure that was about to begin.The scallops were outrageously delicious, as were the "holy trinity" of nigiri - hamachi, sake and maguro.  I tried the sea urchin, but was not a fan.  I know that's your favorite, and I suppose it's an acquired taste.  The food was overwhelmingly plentiful as was the sake and beer.  By the end of the meal I was tipsy and full with a general feeling of satisfaction.  That is, until you told me that your gift certificate was for $40.  I mentally did the math in my head and, well, I'm no genius, but the total I came up with was far more than your gift certificate would have allowed.When I offered to split the rest with you, as a polite gesture, never expecting you to say yes and still think that I was going to go home with you especially when the rest was close to $100 because you ordered a shit load of sushi that I didn't even want and you DID say yes... well that kind of killed the possibility of you and me being naked.  Ever.Had I known that this was going to be the case I would have stayed home with my cats and some pre-made sushi from Whole Foods.  $7.99 and no awkward hugging/"lets do this again" empty promises/dodging kisses at the end.  Because, let's be honest, I was kind of going though a breakup and accepted the "date" with you because I needed some validation (and you were REALLY nice).So you see Guy Who Brought Me Here On What I Thought Was A Date, although I never expect to be treated to dinner on a date and usually offer to split, I rarely actually have to pull out my wallet.  I mean, have you seen me?  The next time you go to Ebisu and let the sushi chef get buck wild with your order, I would suggest you ask your date approximately how much she intends on eating and prorate.  You never know, it might just get you laid.You can thank me later.Best,Rachel G.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/6/2009,9/7/2009,1284,595,31,20,23>I've been to Sam's on several occasions, once even before I moved to San Francisco. I've always enjoyed myself here mainly due to the fun and extensive drink options they have that involve ICE CREAM. If you're thinking, "That's a sure fire way to get sick," you are absolutely correct. It really is, but that doesn't stop me from sucking down one of their banana splits (a chocolate/banana milkshake concoction with some sort of liquor in it) a mint chip grasshopper or worse yet, a scorpion bowl! Moderation is the key; order a couple in a group, share and enjoy! I get the impression that the bartenders don't particularly like to make them, though. I can't really blame them on that front; it's 11PM, packed and some douche asks for the ice cream drink that requires a blender. For example:My friends boyfriend: What's that drink called with the mint chip ice cream?Bartender: A grasshopper.My friends boyfriend: Oh yah, that's it. I want one of those.Bartender: No you don't. My friends boyfriend:  Um, yah. I do.Bartender: Pussy.He kinda had that one coming.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2008,9/6/2009,448,188,31,31,32>You know how sometimes when you order an appetizer, halfway through eating it you realize that your main course is going to be all wrong and you're filled with regret?  The opposite of that happened to me tonight.  Halfway through our bruschetta and Caprese salad, I realized that my penne gorgonzola was going to be the absolute perfect followup  to the appetizers.  I was instantly filled with a sense of the utter rightness of the universe and a quiet confidence in the forward progress of humanity.Indeed, the penne gorgonzola was delicious.  It was like a macaroni and cheese for grownups.  Italian grownups.  Boyfriend had the angel hair pesto with scallops.  This is the owner, Ray's special dish that he prepares himself.  There were a ton of scallops and Boyfriend expressed his appreciation very loudly and obnoxiously in the tiny, quiet restaurant.  It's true honey, you know it.  I'm not just "trying to squelch your soul."The salad had the most generous portion of mozzarella that I've seen on a Caprese.  And it was served at the perfect room temperature.  The bruschetta had nice thin slices of bread.  I hate thick bruschetta that tears the roof of your mouth to shreds when you bite into it and then crumbles into your lap, making you look like an total spaz.  I was able to eat Colombini's bruschetta like a dignified adult and savor it's tasty blend of toppings embarrassment-free.For dessert we had the Key lime cheesecake.  It was also very good.  The Key lime flavor was distinct without being overwhelming.  There was a thin caramel sauce dribbled on the plate that we shamelessly used our fingers to scoop up.  And once again, it was served at the perfect room temperature.  I swear, room temperature is the most underrated temperature when it come to food.It was a great meal at a great place served by a great man (who comped the dessert once again).  Though my oneness with the universe has worn off, I'm still basking in the afterglow.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,8/3/2013,2747,1075,4,13,16>A classic diner on Divis. A friend and I showed up right at 8 am, and we were the third party there.  It looked like there were about 15 tables, mostly four-tops.  We were greeted cheerily and seated instantly.  I noticed that, although the business was cash-only, there was an ATM standing in a corner ready to accommodate the cashless. The food was actually good.  My friend ordered pancakes and an egg, over hard, I think, and I ordered a Denver omelette with hash brown potatoes.  Coffee for both of us, and the milk for it was already in a pitcher on the table.  I don't know why people call this a greasy spoon, except for the vernacular, because the restaurant was clean and so were the spoons.  I was blown away by the tab:  $18 + tip for both breakfasts together. Good conversation ensued, in a bright atmosphere despite the drizzly weather.  The time flew by, until I noticed the room was full and it would be good to leave so the store could seat new customers.  I could make this a regular hangout.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,8/2/2013,451,207,8,17,13>This place has the best shanghai dumplings I've ever had, hands down!  Their XLBs are SO DAMN GOOD and even their non-XLB dumplings (ie: their crab and pork dumpling dish) has really tasty broth inside!The broth inside the dumpling that oozes out when you take your first bite is very flavorful and light.  Also, there is consistency with the soup being inside each and every dumpling I've had.  It's not like most places where the soup had already evaporated by the time you get to the last dumpling in the steam bowl.  I have also taken some left-over dumplings home, microwaved it the next day, and there would still be broth inside!  It's SOOOO awesome!You also don't leave feeling thirsty as if you consumed a ton of sodium like some places make you feel.  At some places, you can tell there is MSG in the food...and I don't taste it here.  Their chow mein noodles are the thickest I've had (yeah...yeah...that's what she said) and their Sichaun Style Noodles with Peanut Sauce (Dan Dan Mien style) is my favorite.  It has just the right amount of "gravy" like texture and the flavor is so well-balanced!  I just have to get this dish every time! I just love this place!  Will definitely come back over and over again.You know the food is good when EVERYONE at your table stops talking to eat. ...Mmmm!
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2013,8/1/2013,305,233,13,14,13>In my youth I was a slightly above average little league baseball player.  My father would remind me of those momentary flashes of glory.  I mainly remember getting hit for the first time in the chest by a pitch.  It knocked me straight out.  Man, it stung like a bee.  I learned one important thing from that experience.  No matter how much I sucked (on purpose or accidentally), the snack bar after the game was always there.  Baseball...one of the only sports I played and still gained weight.  Fast forwarding to present and attempting to break out of my cold streak of checking out new spots, stood Batter Up.Batter Up is known for their, shall I dare say, methodology of gourmet corndogs.  The corndogs on steroids brought me back to those snack bar days.  The location looks the part of a random snack bar posing as a side of a building.  Painted with a baseball theme, it's easy to drive right by it due to the busy intersection.  Types of dogs (or sausage) are plentiful.  We skipped on their specialty choices because we were noobs and missed out on the cheesy goodness.  Our decision came down to the chicken basil with sundried tomatoes and the Portuguese.  Like any complete meal, there has to be some dessert.  Snickering for some snickers we chose the deep fried snickers and also got the deep fried Oreos.  I guess I don't need to wait for the county fair to roll around to get these things.        You'll definitely enjoy these gargantuan corndogs.  Due to the size of the corndogs, awkwardness turned out in the pictures, and I decided to not to post any pictures.  Take my word, these corndogs are huge (...and HOT, so be careful).  I'm a super proponent of condiments.  If there's a sauce, spread, or dip, it's on my food.  These corndogs needed absolutely no condiments and were awesome alone.  Crispy tasty batter paired with the flavorful sausage, it can't be beat.  If you're wondering about the desserts, picture some Oreos and a snickers bar encased in that same layer of batter.  I never would have thought of deep frying such snacks, but at Batter Up, they do.  Each bite was sinfully better than the one before.  Nothing would make Homer Simpson drool more than these desserts.    If you're in a search of a quality corndog in one of the most unlikely places, try Batter Up.  What I do not guarantee, is the baseball to the chest heart burn that may follow.  Besides that, the corndogs are killer.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2013,7/31/2013,444,525,22,27,24>Me: Where is Chocolate Lab? Friend: Dogpatch areaMe: Towards Esprit outlet?Friend: YehMe: Don't they just have desserts?Friend: NoMe: Let's go!Dinner for 7 please!!Ladies night, and we would like to order a lot!NOTE: No RSVP, first come first serve, seats are limited.Surroundings: Artsy creative style as if you were in a science lab.Staff: Very friendly and informativeWhat we order??2 orders-Soup du Jour-soups, made with farm to table fresh herbs, and seasonal vegetables. Comments: Ohhh, very light, yum1 order -Winter Greens Salad, assorted greens garnished with fresh seasonal market vegetables. Lightly dressed with Parmigiano Reggiano and croutons.Comments: Fresh!2 orders-Chocolate Lab Caesar Salad Organic Little Gem, lettuce tossed with house-made classic style Caesar dressing finished with Parmigiano Reggiano and croutons. Comments: We killed it. LOL1 order-Cheese Plate, Three imported & local selections served with house made crackers, toasted bread, fig bread, house-made condiments, roasted garlic bulb and chocolate lab honey. Comments: Cheese was delicious dipped in honey, spiked garlic made it pop.1 order-Charcuterie, Three select meats select meats served with seasonal market vegetables & fruits, roasted garlic bulb, spicy mustard, fig bread toasted bread, and house made crackers. Comments: Still all very light and delicious2 orders- Frittata Tartine, Farmers Market Vegetable frittata with house made vegetables spread. Topped with Parmesan, farm fresh micro greens. Comments: looked like a pizza, every bite was good.2 orders -Bay Shrimp Tartine, A salad of bay shrimp, tarragon and creme fraiche, atop of bed of delicate salad greens. Comments: My favorite, can we order more, no we still have dessert! LOLDESSERTS:Chocolate Lab CakeCarrot CakeTarte TatinChocolate CustardComments: Died and gone to heaven!! I'll leave you at that.Recommendation: If you feel like eating light and not feeling stuffed after your meal, Chocolate Lab is the spot!!
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,7/30/2013,1289,809,11,16,16>When I move out of SF, there will be 4 people I will miss dearly (and may be the reason I visit SF every month or two): my hairstylist, my esthetician, my chiropractor, and Lydia, my acupuncturist.As a result of slouching when I was younger, and sitting at a desk job all day being stressed out, I have some owwie spots on my back.  Since I believe in Eastern medicine just as much as modern medicine, I enjoy going to my acupuncture sessions, as I feel it helps me relax and gets my circulation going.Since I have pretty much zero pain tolerance, Lydia is super extra gentle (though she can't help the super painful points, and believe me, I whine about those all the time) so sometimes I don't even feel when the needles are inserted.  And trust me, I'm suuuuper squeamish too - so if you're thinking that you can't handle needles poked into you, it's really not that bad.Lydia's also super sweet and personable, and she is an absolute delight to chat with before, during and after sessions.. especially compared to my mother's acupuncturist, who jabs the needles into you silently, then walks away and doesn't say more than few words each visit.So if you're in the market for a new acupuncturist, or if you'd like to try it at some point (fear not, my friends!), I hiiiighly recommend a visit with Lydia.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,7/29/2013,730,286,36,45,42>If you're ever wondering of where to stuff your face with a good ol' sandwich, you'll definitely have to pop in at Ike's Place. Not only are the different sandwiches uniquely named, they're also uniquely flavor profiled. A wonderful experience indeed!Sandwiches I've personally ordered are the Love Triangle, Nacho girl, and the Al Bundy. For all you people out there who loved the tv show, Married with Children, I think you could appreciate the sentiment of having a sammie named after the 'No Ma'am enthusiast. I know I did. Ahhh... *tucks hand under pant waistband*All kidding aside, these sandwiches are pretty legit. You go to the counter and order whichever sandwich sounds appealing and they can either add chips or a drink to your meal. Simple. They have a wide range of sandwiches that are made to please any meat lover, vegetarian, or vegan palate alike. The huge variety is an A+ in my book. They can even individualize and customize your sandwich to your liking. This means that even the pickiest of eaters are welcome!So if you're interested in a fun place to enjoy a good sandwich, most definitely give 'em a try!
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,7/28/2013,975,606,8,16,14>This is my new fave burger place.  Compared to Super Duper & Umami, both of which I love, this is how they compare:Roam:  Better overall selection.  4 different kinds of meat, a variety of fried goodies and shake flavors.  Local & Organic.  Lots of great beers.  Classic hearty burger, not greasy, fresh crisp veggies.  Chopped onions like in a McDonald's burger (which I stopped eating but still slightly miss).Super Duper is great if you want a smaller cheap meal.  I usually get the mini and it is the perfect size for someone like me.  Umami is good if you are in a sweet savory mood.  The bun at Umami is slightly sweet and too soft.  The bun at Super Duper is crispy and light.  The bun at Roam is substantial and just the right density.I had the bison burger (classic style) with whole wheat bun and white cheddar.  My friend had the same but with beef.  We shared an order of sweet potato fries - I wish they cut these thicker -  dipped in their organic ketchup.  Total was about $25. For a healthier dessert option, have froyo at Fraiche across the street.  :)
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,7/27/2013,752,1357,13,16,17>(See pic) Review #1350. You know you are a fanatic when you were able to answer the show contest's 4 questions without skipping a thought!Don't usually write a review of a musical but this is such a feel good and uplifting show that I must express my love and gratitude for such a memorable and dreamy performance! Each tune is catchy, easy on the ears, happy and full of hope, much as life! And if a show that makes you think, dream and want to watch it over and over again, and almost refuse to leave the theater, you know this cast has captured your heart.The show is an intoxicating performance, and I was mesmerized by the music and lyrics.Jersey Boys is about how 4 young guys become a band and their lives over the years. The story is told each by perspective, their version, through their pleasant songbird voices and music. While this is not a documentary and some truth altered, it's the amazing acting and even more heart-throbbing music that haunts our souls and brings us up with hormone exciting high with the melting give-it-all songs.The major difference about this musical is it's interactive. You travel through the journey with them, you are backstage with them with their lives, their growing up, their falling in love, their struggles, their breakups that will break your heart. And you will wonder how much their road trip style reflects the show's real life of the cast members.When they portray the band receiving the applause, you are the audience, and roar with applause to this group, with passion and enthusiasm.It's surreal as you travel through time to 60s, and you were like in a time machine. The more amazing thing is they talk to you, sing to you, it's an experience that no other musicals has achieved. And who would have thought Joe Pesci was one of the producers as most of his movies were much more violent?!You might compare this cast in 2013 with their premiere national tour here 5 years ago. It was easy to think the first tour was the best but it might very well be the novelty effect. Both casts I have seen were exceeding anything I could imagine. The first cast was more mature and more ballad feel while the latest tour cast is younger and more energetic. Both casts pull your heartstrings and the CD cannot be complete without the story they are telling you, to make it complete.The latest tour cast is very enthusiastic, sings really well with their angelic voice and plays well on the instruments. But most  impressive is their performance, that they give it all. You feel with them, you laugh with them, you cry with them.Nick Cosgrove as Frankie was absolutely incredible and sitting at the 6th row center it felt like he was singing to me and oh my, his dance and split moves are a jaw-dropping must-see! Everyone screamed as he sang "Can't take my eyes off you"!John Gardiner was really impressive delivering a business man and a wild boy image and he looks so much like Ralph Fiennes! One can see his life as a successful actor on stage and hopefully in movies!Miles Jacoby was really cool as the song writer character Bob Gaudio, his straight-faced but funny lines were delivered flawlessly.Michael Lomenda as Nick Massi was also a great actor showcasing his frustration as a backup support and his dream of being a main character some day.But you know it's because the full band that truly creates a true harmony, and it's the truly uniformed moves and beautifully made suits that make your eyes twinkle and spark, thus a true performance.The rest of the cast has done a great job making the play believable and modern, with lots of props and perfect props trains that move so smoothly as each magically shows up at the perfect spot at the perfect moment.Those who know me know how much I love opera and how it has moved me to joy and tears. Jersey Boys is the only Broadway musical that has an even bigger effect!
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,7/26/2013,872,470,7,10,13>I am in love with acai!  Call it a fad, call it whatever you like.  I will admit, the first time I tried acai, I wasn't totally convinced.  It was a bit tart and I didn't really like the taste of it... it sort of tasted like a blueberry, but not really??  Until I discovered Blue Hawaii Acai Cafe... And now, this has become probably one of my favorite spots for a quick and healthy breakfast.  I love the Blue Hawaii.  It's a blend of acai and organic soymilk topped off with bananas, berries, honey and granola.  It's light and surprisingly, it really energizes you in the morning.  Their smoothies are also delicious.  Although the prices are a bit steep for a small bowl of blended berries, it definitely makes me feel like I'm starting the day off right.  The staff is also really friendly and quick!  So that's always a plus in the morning.  Open more locations please!!!
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,7/25/2013,531,91,27,46,35>I am mad for restaurants that shun Western influence and stick to what they know their cuisine should taste like, the ambiance they provide, and the way you feel after your experience. Yes, I called my dinner here an experience. This is a small intimate restaurant - similar to what you find in Europe so don't mess around with your reservation time. Our server was friendly, helpful, and professional. He told us the specials, helped me pick a bottle of wine to match everything we ordered, and got us in and out within an hour. I am baffled by people who are afraid to ask for help ordering wine. Don't pick the most expensive one thinking that is going to be the best because more often than not isn't what you want and you overspent for your dinner -  leaving wine a vicious cycle of negative emotion. It has been my experience Bay Area Italian and French restaurant servers are adept at steering you in the right direction to a bottle that you will enjoy based at the price point you say you want to pay. Ask for help, tell them what tastes you enjoy about wine and the price you want to pay...there is no judgement, they want you to drink wine with your dinner!  We had an excellent recommendation and left that bottle bone dry. ::sigh:: It was so good! I was happy to avoid my usual Italian picks - Barolo or Sangiovese. We enjoyed the smoked prosciutto and balsamic vinegar special of the day. The spicy octopus stew was deliciously tender, rich, and memorable. The large couscous style pasta covered in cured tuna heart shavings was fishy, briny heaven. The days special fettuccini with pancetta bolognese style sauce was delicious!  The trio of gelatos? Ha! He didn't stand a chance getting a bite! I savored every bite all to myself. Like a courteous diner and Yelp Elite Ambassador - I did not take photographs out of respect for the restaurants printed menu request to refrain from taking photos, talking on cell phone, and using laptops.  It was really nice to focus on the food, wine, and company at my table. I didn't mind that request at all. Parking can be frustrating. Our server said we were smart to come for first seating at 5:30 because after 7 - the parking situation is dismal. I highly recommend...I can't wait to go back!
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,7/21/2014,372,233,9,15,11>This is probably presumptuous of me, but B Patisserie is truly the premier French patisserie in San Francisco... and not only the best patisserie, but among the best overall bakeries in the city. I've tried other similar bakeries in San Francisco and it just doesn't match the quality of B Patisserie. I don't live too far from B Patisserie and this is both a blessing and a curse. I love that it's within walking distance yet I am *always* tempted to walk in and delight in their pastries... which would be bad for my thighs. At the same time, their baked goods are so lovely it's worth the "A moment on the lips, a lifetime on the hips" feeling. Upon my first visit, I didn't realize how much of an institution B Patisserie was/is. Within the last couple months, I've read *even more* praise about this place and the pastry chef Belinda Leong. Of course, if you go, you MUST have a kouign amann -- their signature pastry. I recently read about it again in Bon Appetit. I love the flakiness of the exterior and then upon your first bite, you're hit with a gorgeous buttery and sugary flavor. While the outside is flaky, the inside is soft. I've also had a variation of the original. The pear and berry version is equally lovely; a tasty fruit preserve filling oozes out of the kouign amann. Their bostock is absolutely fantastic as well. It is a passion fruit infused petite cake that has a firm exterior and a sponge-like interior. The presentation and the flavors are so gorgeous you can't help but moan eating it. I've also had some of their sweet and savory scones. Their macarons are also solid. What's great about B Patisserie is the fact that they make classics yet also integrate bold ingredients or unique flavor combos into their pastries (i.e. pear almond, huckleberry, chocolate banana, chocolate cherry). They also have a full selection of coffee and espresso. The patisserie itself is very charming. Seating is mostly limited to doubles. A generous display of mirrors makes the place look bigger and taller. The staff are generally friendly (although I remember one worker in my first visit who was a little on the snobby side). Eh, I got over it because the pastries are too dang good. Luckily, since then, I've had more pleasant staff assist me. If you are visiting San Francisco, you MUST go here. If you live in San Francisco, you should've tried B Patisserie like... yesterday. Thank you Belinda Leong and company for your elegant baked goods... er, not even goods... BAKED DELIGHTS!
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,7/20/2014,124,368,13,23,11>I'll be honest in that I did not expect to like Bourbon & Branch as much as I did.  Why?  Well from their whole process of needing to reserve a time slot to obtaining the password to finding the "hidden" door, I kept wondering how good this place could actually be.  Would it be an overly pretentious hipster scene?  Would it be worth all that effort only to discover that the Emperor indeed had no clothes?All my worries were for naught.  My friends and I had a great time at this speakeasy!   The entire experience reminded me of being an adult version of the Haunted Mansion, but in a good way.  We walked to the bar and looked for the clues to tell us we were at the correct place.  We were told to knock on the door.  The only problem was that there was more than one door.  So, we knocked on a few doors.  Finally one opened up and we were asked for the password, name and number in our party.  Yes, there was a group lingering nearby that was attempting to sneak in with us.  The hostess was having none of that and closed the door quickly behind us.  The room was dark, draped in heavy fabrics and definitely intimate.  We were led up some steps into the room in the back, where the room was only lit by candlelight.  Wooden booths for six or so were the only options available for seating.  It would probably be much more comfortable for a party of four than a party of six, so if you and your friends are not the size of teenagers, it might be good to take this into consideration.  The room had high ceilings, dark walls and thick, heavy furnishings with some framed pictures (portraits, I believe).  Yes, I kept looking to see if the eyes were following our every move.Thick, heavy menus were handed to us . Since cell phones are not allowed we used the candles to illuminate the pages.  For my first cocktail I chose something that was similar to what I would typically drink and it was delicious.  For my second drink, I consulted our waitress and decided on the whiskey mash, a fruity, sour beverage.  It was fantastic and I would definitely order it again.  I highly suggest consulting the waitresses for recommendations on the cocktails as they know that menu well.I was curious as to what was behind the black door at the far end of the room so I went to peek into what turned out to be the restroom.  It was really, really dark, with black fixtures (e.g. toilet, sink, walls, etc).  I flipped the light switch thinking the light would turn on.  Um, no.  I was soon standing in complete darkness.  This is not the place to refresh ones makeup.  I was half expecting a Bloody Mary situation in the tiny mirror above the sink.The door to the library is located in this room and periodically the secret door will open to allow a peek into that bar area.  The drink options are plentiful and very well made, the service very helpful and friendly and the experience overall was quite fun.  There was no attitude or air of pretentiousness to be found.  Patrons ranged from young to old, with mostly locals and some tourists present.  There is no food offered.  The drinks were reasonably priced for all the care and attention that went into making each one.   It's best to review their rules before your visit.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,7/19/2014,390,226,10,19,9>Core40 is a 40 minute class of core-strengthening moves using the megaformer (like the reformer, but way harder).  My first class I had no idea what I was doing and I could hardly hold any position, but 2 months later I can really feel the difference.  Danielle is my favorite teacher at the SoMa location - she really pushes you and she has great music that keeps me going.  Also, I like that she's a certified trainer so she knows why each move is good for your body and she'll explain how that move is strengthening your body as you're doing it.  (Ana is my least favorite but that's just personal preference - don't feel like I get a good workout and her music makes me bored).  The class consists of various moves using the megaformer (you're on the machine throughout the whole class) that focus on specific body parts while continuing to work your core muscles, so it almost feels like you're planking the whole class (half joke, half serious).  Gentlemen, this class is not just for girls!  I have seen a number of guys come to this class and get whooped.  The first class is free, so I highly recommend for newbies to try it out!  Regular pricing is competitive with other workouts like Crossfit and Bar Method, but I enjoy the efficiency of this class so much more.  40 minutes and you're done and can really feel the results!  My gf and I do the monthly autopay package that comes out to about $150/month which lets us go 3 times/week.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,7/18/2014,744,497,22,20,18>I don't care whether his name is Tyler Florence or Tyler Perry, and I don't need for him to come to my table. Just bring me a plate of that fried chicken! It's rare that I'd write a five-star review based on one dish, but this fried chicken deserves it. Right there, neck-and-neck with Chez Panisse Cafe, for top bird by the Bay. Front Porch is the only other establishment even in the competition. Though Oakland's Brown Sugar Kitchen and Bakesale Betty's are in the conversation because of their contributions to the chicken and waffle and chicken sandwich categories respectively... Wayfare Tavern serves a nice, four-piece portion, so don't talk to me about being over-priced. I also had the Caesar Salad, Ahi Tartare, Garlic Popovers and Carrot Cake, which were excellent, but not at the to-die-for level. The chicken is literally to die for, because they probably serve that shxt up in heaven.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,7/17/2014,210,136,15,24,18>Mmm... baby.  I love me some chicken & waffles!  I usually enjoy eating my fried chicken with a bit of honey, so naturally, I easily got down and dirty with my fried chicken and brown sugar syrup... 'twas a finger-lickin' good all the way!FOOD & TASTE: [I ordered the Two's Company, which came with two massive chicken wings, two eggs, grits, and cornbread.  The chicken came with crispy skin and not overdone.  I got my eggs poached, which were cooked to perfection.  My grits were plain, so I just mixed in my eggs and it was tasty!  Cornbread was good too.  To my surprise, I finished the whole plate!  Also, I got a taste of their waffles, a bit thinner and softer than I expected, but still good.]DRINKS: [Coffee & Iced Tea was bottomless.]CONVENIENCE: **** [Located on Fillmore & Eddy St.  Came on a Saturday morning when parking is an easy find.]AMBIANCE: **** [Spacious resto, but booth seating is weird.  I sat down and the booth seats dip down lower than my knees can bend... and I'm already short, so that's pretty short!] SERVICE: ***** [OMG... service was UHHMAZING!!!  Pia was our server and we watched her take care at least 8+ tables, serving everyone with a smile!  My coffee was topped off before I even asked.  Now that's efficient!  Everyone was clearly enjoying their time during our visit.]PRICE:  $$  [With a $12 Groupon deal for $20 worth of food, our bill came out to $10.  We tipped Pia $10 for her stellar service!]OVERALL: **** [4-stars... for large portions, decent prices, and excellent service!]Come early to avoid busy times.  We came in when the resto was empty, and left when the resto was packed.  Whew!Nuff said.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2014,7/16/2014,872,470,8,19,14>I love the new remodeled look!  It still has the traditional German bierfest feel, and even more so now with the communal seating up front.  Long wooden tables deck the front of the bar, while the back hosts individual tables for more formal dining with sleek round chandelier lighting (I only mentioned the lighting because I really liked it!).  They also remodeled the bathroom!  Thank goodness because it was disgusting before!  Yes, they still have the boot.  And if that's too much for you, you can always opt for the liter, the half liter, or .3L.  They revamped their menu to a more refined bar menu too (well, of course they have brats, but they also have a nice meat and cheese plate too now.)I'm excited to see how St. Patty's Day will be like next year.  Hope the crowd won't rough it up too much! Prost!
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,7/15/2014,304,690,17,20,15>Totchos! Where have you been all my life?! Combining the two loves of my life, Dr. Teeth, you are a genius! 25 cent wing wednesdays are amazing. Thank you for knowing how to entice me to over-indulge! I know I'm late to the party, but yay for Dr. Teeth! =)
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,7/14/2014,288,285,11,25,13>There's a reason that SBP was named the Best New Restaurant of 2013. State Bird Provisions is the ONLY restaurant in SF that 1) I will wait 60 days to dine at; 2) Continually surprises me with their menu updates; 3) Continually impresses me with their regular dishes; and 4) excites me nowadays. I've been RAVING about this restaurant to all my friends. On the two occasions that I've brought friends with me to this restaurant, they agreed that the restaurant lived up to the hype! After my three visits, here's what I recommend:HIGHLY RECOMMENDED-Any pancake/short stack: I've tried corn, duck, and uni, and their savory pancake combinations are always a winner. -Duck liver mousse with almond biscuits: essentially, naughty cupcakes for adults. Perfectly sweet almond/corn biscuits smothered in a decadent, luxurious duck liver mousse that harkens back to the days of foie gras. -Garlic knots with burrata: Simple knotted breads, crispy on the outside and doughy on the inside, smothered with silky, pillowy burrata. -Anything with pork belly: I've tried several versions of pork belly at SBP. All are usually Vietnamese style, and all delicious. -CA state bird with provisions: perfectly breaded/crunchy outside and juicy quail inside, served on top of lemony stewed onions. Small, but packs a punch and well worth the price. -Any and all desserts: especially the ice cream sandwichesOK, BUT NOT TERRIBLE (just not "must try/must order")-charred octopus in tomato-chickpea salsa-tombo tuna-avocado & seaweed cracker-1/2 dozen cast iron quail eggs, sunchoke & ravigote -duck neck dumplings: SBP is well known for this, but I've had enough dim sum in SF to not be impressed by their version -oysters: interesting, but i'm a purist and I prefer Hog Island for oysters A fun place to eat New American cuisine and the dim sum/tapas style dining makes it a fun place to eat with friends. Here's hoping that SBP keeps up the good work! I LOVE this place!
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,7/13/2014,187,768,7,14,9>Had a nice dinner with my work colleagues before we went out on Friday night =)We arrived around 6 PM and they seated our party of 5 pretty quickly! We had two pots of water for our group and the meat and vegetables were already on the table which I thought was weird since we hadn't told our waitress what we wanted yet. I soon found out, after reading the menu, that our only option was all you can eat for $25 a person since it was dinner time. Well we came for shabu so might as well eat as much as we could!The water in the pots took awhile to heat up but once they boiled we dove right in. The meat was plentiful and thinly sliced and we had a nice array of veggies: spinach, cabbage, shitake, enoki, udon and glass noodles. Our waitress was very attentive and replenished our meat and veggies when we started to run low. The meat dipped in ponzu was super tasty and I especially loved all of the mushrooms. They also supply you with freshly crushed garlic, korean spicy paste, and jalapenos for those who want an extra kick. The AYCE includes free ice cream at the end of the meal which was perfectly refreshing after eating all the hot food. I had green tea which is always good but I also tried a bit of my friend's red bean ice cream which was delicious! If you love red bean definitely order this, it was super yummy.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2014,7/12/2014,319,808,6,11,8>I've come here a bunch of times for brunch and I keep coming back for the spam and cheese waffles! So good! Get the Chicken and Waffles- chicken katsu and spam/cheese waffles. Wash it down with a POG- Passion Orange Guava or a cup of joe (unlimited refills!).Service is fast and friendly and the wait is usually bearable (15 min).
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/8/2005,10/20/2005,100,512,10,9,8>Ok, this probably qualifies as polemics so be forewarned. I think Zachary's has five-star pizza, second-best deep-dish in the Bay Area with Little Star taking top honors. But the place is annoying! ANNOYING! Doesn't anyone else mind the bad co-op style attitude from the staff? Or the crazy crowded cattle call system they have for waiting for a table? I can think of a half-dozen pizza places I would rather eat in without really trying. Please look in your hearts people. Five stars? You know its not true. Go to Little Star on Divisasdero. The pizza is actually better and the room comfortable and they have a great jukebox and fun champagne cocktails. Don't kiss ass to Zachary's because they are an institution! Free your minds! Throw off your shackles!
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2005,10/19/2005,548,108,8,6,8>I've seen many of Xiu's designs, and they're awesome.  Her dresses are particularly great; as she says, many of them are 'like nothing', which as a guy I heartily approve of.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,8/10/2005,10/18/2005,376,410,13,7,4>Crap and Eat. With that out of the way, let me dissect the food. I went here for breakfast because I couldn't think of any place close to the Sunset that served a "western-style" breakfast. And by that I just mean I was looking for a joint that didn't sell dim sum, sushi, pho, egg rolls, thai ice tea, chicken chow mein... you get my drift. Well, maybe I should have been looking for a dim sum breakie b/c S&G in West Portal is total crap for breakfast. They charge you $8 for an overcooked omlette that should be sold at WalMart as pitbull dog toys and btw don't be fooled by the  built up plate with soggy 40 grain toast (wheat bread with no "grains") and greasy half cooked potatoes.  As my caffeine guru Josh aka "Conan" pointed out, the espresso's are pulled for about 15 minutes which is about 15 minutes too long. Next time, I'll drive down to Park Chow for some good ol' fashioned "western breakie."
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2005,10/17/2005,401,1598,6,3,7>If my Yelp output is tapering off it's because I've spent an entire weekend dragging the satellite photo map on Google Maps around the whole freaking planet.  I've found every house or apartment I've ever lived in, every hotel I stayed at in every fabulous place I've visited, the pyramids in Egypt, the entire route Buddy and I take on our longer afternoon walks, my grandfather's home in Sydney, the pond my father built on our old place in Ohio.  I love these maps!  I love the satellite photos!  I love dragging the map and zooming in and out.  I just found all the little towns referred to in the opening chapters of H.G. Wells' book War of the Worlds.  No sign of the Martians, though.OH!  The best thing?  The new HYBRID map button, which superimposes the street scheme on the satellite photographic!  It is cartographic porn of the highest order.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,7/15/2005,10/16/2005,426,592,26,7,6>Have you ever had your eyes scratched out by a rabies infested racoon?  No?  Well, going to this place feels just like that.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2005,10/15/2005,100,512,7,2,6>Don't be so fucking cheap. Pay the $6 and get on with your evening. Scoring that street parking after 20 minutes of circling is just sad.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2005,10/14/2005,8,47,5,31,25>My new favorite coffeehouse, and I love coffeehouses, so that is saying something.  I am totally unable to leave my computer, either, so I groove on the free wi-fi.  Plus, the staff is exceptionally nice and laid-back.  I recommend the organic chocolate mocha -- best mocha I've ever had.  The little touches are cool, too -- library with hippy books, lots of games, many couches, good choice of stuff to fix up your coffee.  I'm hooked.  Keep up the good work!
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2005,10/13/2005,359,743,7,,6>How am I the first to review this? I thought you people were into dive bars? Oh, that's right, you meant "dive bars" like the ones that take credit cards and clean their bathrooms periodically. Like the Elbo Room or something. Not the true palaces of dive, where wasted people are waiting for cabs at six in the morning, and the charismatic Irish and Latino bartenders profess their love for you if they've seen you more than twice. Places where hookers, cab drivers and skate punks get the red carpet treatment. If you're not ready to drink at 6:00am, you should probably not be a regular here.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2005,10/11/2005,27,152,,3,1>Great size for a comedy venue - large without losing the intimate quality. They are pretty strict on the 2 drink policy but the Kemper Orange Creme soda is quite tasty if you are not feeling like booze and my friend Susan really enjoyed her Sam Adam's light. The stage looks like it was designed by Martha Stewart and Pee Wee Herman as Hal Sparks commented. The food seemed a bit on the average side for me - my burger was obviously previously frozen. Good place for comedy - think about eating elsewhere but it's in North Beach so you won't have to look long.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2005,10/10/2005,136,575,,2,2>This is a great little neighborhood gift and card shop in the Inner Sunset. They have a wide selection of greeting cards aimed at the hipster set, like the Squibnocket line. I bought a sleeper set for my friend's new kid that says in large letters "I Can't Read." If only he had twins, so I could have got them the matching "Stop Copying Me/No, You Stop Copying Me" outfits. Lovers of Emily clothing and Paul Frank stuff will be well-served. They also have some housewares, books, and gifts that don't seem to fall into any defined category. Their stuff is more useful than what you'll find at Giant Robot and hipper than the kitchmeisters at Happy Trails.As with most boutiques, the prices aren't budget and you generally have to buy whatever catches your eye because you probably won't see it there the next time. Having said all that, Wishbone should be on your short list for when you're looking for cool gifts for your cool friends.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2010,8/22/2010,344,904,24,23,23>So, this is a small place and they will not seat you until your entire party has arrived. If you are anything like me and my friends this requires telling them your bottomless mimosa brunch reservations are for 30 minutes prior to when they really were made and to throw the real time into a confirmation email they will not read anyhow. This way when you are the last ones to arrive, on time, you can say "Whoops, you didn't get that email??"Once you do all drag your hungover asses out of bed and arrive you will be greeted with delicious food, bottomless mimosas or bloody marys, which they do a great job of ensuring stay bottomless  (for brunch on the weekends, otherwise suck it up and order a bottle of wine), nice but somewhat noisy decor, and prompt but not overbearing service. For the quality of the food the prices are right, especially for brunch, where entrees are in the $10 range. Did I mention bottomless mimosas? I thought so.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2010,8/21/2010,304,690,30,34,33>Dottie's, I love you. I thought you may be another overhyped place. But you proved me otherwise.Waited around 50 minutes for our table on a Saturday morning. Pretty long, but we needed a bigger table for our party of 5. For parties of 1 or 2, definitely go for the counter seats. Quicker turnover.The food was absolutely delicious! Such huge portions that we barely had room on our table!Grilled Chili Cornbread with Jalapeno Jelly (yelp.com/biz_photos/uEeW…): Just a hint of chili powder in the cornbread. Warm savory cornbread topped with the sweet jelly crumbling in your mouth. Addicting.The Southwestern (yelp.com/biz_photos/uEeW…): Regular menu. An open-face omelet with sausage, peppers, mushrooms, onions and cheese. Topped with salsa. Served with home-fries and tortilla. One huge plate of food!Wild Fennel Sausage Scramble (yelp.com/biz_photos/uEeW…): Special menu. OMG so good. So much flavor and ingredients in every bite!Pulled Pork Scramble (yelp.com/biz_photos/uEeW…): Special menu. Generous amount of pulled pork and so tasty! Love the home-fries too!Eggplant Strata (yelp.com/biz_photos/uEeW…) (yelp.com/biz_photos/uEeW…): Special menu. Eggplants sandwiched between soft bread-like layers. Baked with cheese as a whole, then sliced and grilled for each serving. Delicious! Served with grilled sausage, roasted tomatoes and a fruit salad. Work of art.Believe the hype.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2010,8/20/2010,533,452,12,15,21>It is not every day one gets invited to their 75th anniversary-- that alone is a worthwhile reason to go, coupled with being FREE this weekend--there's really no excuse!  I can guarantee that it will be IMPRESSIVE  and only a fraction of what's more to come!  I highly recommend bringing your comfortable walking shoes ;-)Since this is an anniversary- a restrospective tract from beginning to present illuminates the progress and hardships the museum had to go through in order to establish itself.  The different museum curators that ensured its place amongs other top world-class collections, recognizing artists before they became famous.  Yes there was a time when a Jackson Pollock painting was a mere $700 dollars and given at $500, well ain't that a bargain!  Many artists gifted their works here because of the relentless support the museum established early on in their careers like Philip Guston and Clyfford Still.The Metropolitan garnered the venerable Henry Gedzahler in the  1960's but what an equally amazing lady who not only showed her tenacity to acquire certain pieces to build the modern art collection but had an eye for the artist that would revolutionize the art world (Picasso and Pollock).  She was the first to give Jackson Pollock his first exhibit in 1945 AND brought in Guernica amidst political bureaucracy!PS- The current exhibit will change next month so don't miss out on seeing this vast collection and again its FREE :-)
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2009,8/19/2010,1567,497,96,75,68>I can be overly accommodating.  For proof, ask an ex-boyfriend of mine who made me sleep on his living room couch when I stayed over, hid my toothbrush in the back of a bathroom drawer, and only kissed me when he was drunk or had the flu.  Two wasted years of my life aside, one of the items on his *NO* list was buffet-dining.Fortunately, today he's just a sharpied-out photo in an album and this little glutton is now free to all-u-can-eat to her heart's content.Farmerbrown serves up a mean weekend comfort brunch with fried chicken(!), eggs, taters, pancakes, fruit, and a signature dessert.it ain't cheap ($15/head), but it's delish and can't be missed.  This morning we heard live music, which helped mask the panting of some seriously devoted brunch fans.  If you're a boozer, like some of my friends or my estranged father, ask about the $15 bottomless mimosas to start your Sunday right.And if you can't wake for brunch, dinner here is nothing to sneeze at.  Sitting at the bar is fun and ideal if you're running late for a nearby show.  It's a popular place, and there will almost always be a line -  But, like my future husband, who must be sleeping under a rock (or a bridge) somewhere, some things are worth waiting for.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2010,8/18/2010,355,431,11,16,14>Entering Tunnel Top is like finding yourself in a mysterious portal where time does not exist and the moment held before you seems as if it could suspend itself in actuality forever. You are undoubtedly in the heart of an urban metropolis, yet there is something so secret about the moments you spend here. Perhaps it is the seduction of dark corners around the catwalk-like second story, or the sexy tracks spun from the DJ's private platform at the end of the maze, or one too many tart capirinhas or sugary raspberry mojitos, that do the trick. In any case, one thing is clear: you will not forget what happens here. Memory clings to the dream sequence occurring at this sacred spot, overlooking hills dotted with city streetlights, many of which lead down to your lackluster--and often bitter--reality.Every tunnel should be topped with a Tunnel Top.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2010,8/17/2010,678,318,43,45,45>Date & Time:  Friday July 30, 2010 @ 6pmCompany:  Michael & JackCrowd:  Neighborhood Couples & Young Families in North Face & Levi's Capital E Jeans & Wives in Long-Sleeve T-Shirts, Citizen Jeans, Flats & 2.5 Carat RingsVibe:  EnergeticMusic:  Dead Presidents SoundtrackDecor:  Cozy and Contemporary.  Bright & Cheery.  Colorful Walls & Edison Lighting.  Copper Bar w/ Counter Seating & Tightly-Packed Banquettes Seating for 12Service:  Very Friendly & WelcomingImbibe:  Agua Fresca:  Watermelon, Tamarind, Hibiscus, LimeDevour:  Elote Asado(Grill Corn w/ Mexican Mayo, Chili Salt, Lime, Queso Cotija)  Queso Fundido(Gratiniated Chihuahua Cheese w/ Refried Beans, Chorizon & Tortilla Chips)  Pescado Con Pipian(Roasted Sea Bass w/ Cannellini Beans, Pumpkin Seeds, Cilantro & Tomatillo Pipian)  Bisteck Asado(Flat Iron Steak, Sweet Potato Fries, Caramelized Onions, Chiles Toreados, Chimchurri & Chitpotle Aioli) Arroz Con Leche(Rice w/ Milk).  So Good we Got Food To GoTotal:  $83.12Note:  Brought to You By the People of Chez Papa & Chez Maman
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2009,8/16/2010,491,297,17,24,24>So, I'm a student again, which means that I have no money for lunch. You can often find me at McDonalds every day of the week, trying their different dollar menu items. Not this past Tuesday. On a rainy day after a tedious half day of class, I decided to anchor my rolly briefcase/luggage thingy in hopes to actually eat a decent meal.I went for the Pulled Pork sandwich which came with chips. It was so good. The fat on the pork melted in my mouth and the tangy bbq sauce was fantastic. Their burger (comes with big wedge fries) was juicy and delicious. It came with a juicy slice of tomato and a fresh crisp piece a lettuce.I admit - I eyed their awesome selection of beers but only had a few sips of my man's Firestone since I had another class after lunch. So good. (the beer, not the fact that I had class after lunch).Our waitress informed me that they have a fantastic happy hour with drink specials and $1 oysters. Yes. I shall skip my daily McDonald lunch and go to their happy hour.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2010,8/15/2010,1345,369,14,28,31>*** My 300th Review! ***Once in a lifetime you recognize you're living in a moment you'll remember forever.Yesterday I had the immense pleasure of going to lunch with Cecil Williams and Janice Mirikitani from the Glide Foundation and it's a memory that has been cemented in my hall of hanging thoughts.On a relatively warm San Francisco afternoon we made our way to Anzu, and were promptly seated at a beautiful table overlooking the recent public housing units that Glide had built. Stunning and powerful. Here I was sitting across 2 people who have forever shaped the city I love, staring out at their legacies of helping those most in need in SF.  Needless to say, I felt pretty inadequate.Anzu, located in the Hotel Nikko, is a sharp, modern space that has an easy flow and functioning elegance with it's decor.As we browsed through the menu, the warm chatter from Janice and the hearty laughs of Cecil gave way to a fun conversation and we settled on our courses. Janice and I both went for the burgers and Cecil went with the Chicken Tonkatsu. Our server, who seemed to know them both quite well, was engaging, kindhearted and checked on us throughout the meal to make sure we were taken care of.Burger, medium rare, with bacon topping and cheddar was heavy and packed with flavor. The fries were crisp, thin and added a complimentary crunch to the plate.Never thought I'd have a burger at a Japanese sushi restaurant, but it hit the spot. The sushi bar is closed at lunch, although you could order it from the menu.Cecil seemed to be enjoying his tonkatsu and Janice and I both clearly enjoyed our burgers as we cleaned the plate white.Anzu, was a perfect late afternoon venue to indulge in the inspiring words and visions of these 2 San Francisco landmarks. This city is a special one, and while much can be said it has to do with the stunning geographic beauty of the city, it's also because of the remarkable people that call it home.Cecil and Janice have worked tirelessly to advocate for the homeless and those who desperately need the most basic of care, and as I look back upon my last 299 reviews, I feel so blessed to have tasted the best of SF, but it also reminds me how much more I need to give back.I got my work cut out for me sitting on their Development Board, but with each wisdom packed conversation I have with these 2, I know I will always have something to strive for.glide.orgHope you can make it to the Glide Gala! glidegala.eventbrite.com
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2010,8/14/2010,1792,531,24,19,26>"Cal-i-for-nia Girls, we're undeniable, Fine, Fresh, Fierce, we got it on lock" I love Katy Perry. Not only does she debut with a song about how she kissed a girl and liked it, but I have adopted her latest hit as my personal anthem. Obviously I take much pride in being California Home Grown, and even more pride that my family has been in San Francisco for four (4) generations- on both sides. It's a little fact about myself that I tote around as fodder for casual conversations and first dates.So you can imagine the size of my sneer when outside Fly Bar waiting in line with my girlfriend some skinny jean wearing hipster spouts off, "You're not from California, are you??" Lesson to all- never ever assume. I know its cliche, but it makes a total ASS out of U & ME. Being about three drinks deep I had no qualms snapping at this guy like he had just called me an effing redneck. It was not a pretty sight. As close as I live to the Divisadero strip, I hardly find myself here. Fly Bar isn't huge and they do get crowded on weekend nights, but they utilize the place well with plenty of seating. Their food is good and they have a great happy hour. The pizzas are all half off, but they are realistically just flat bread with some cheese and toppings. They have some other yummy things to munch on making it a great place for beer/wine/sake and a snack. From noon to 6:30pm- four dollars will buy you get a tall glass (think twice the size of ChaChaCha's) of some very potent and tasty sangria. It quickly gave me that warm fuzzy feeling and I walked home feeling like the city was giving me a big hug. I think we can all agree with Katy; that nothing comes close to the Golden Coast....
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2010,8/12/2010,992,1060,93,67,71>I'm not going to lie and say I didn't start studying Italian a year ago because of a woman. I mean, I didn't actually need the credits. I didn't really need to be buying textbooks as expensive as my iPhone, little notebooks from brands I haven't seen since high school, flash cards and three-ring binders. Effing three-ring binders. I'm 27, what the hell am I going to be doing with three-ring binders?!I was working full-time when I started, so I was really grateful that CCSF offered both a convenient location and schedule (pronounced "shed-jewel" if you're currently studying English), as well as really affordable rates. Prof. Spanò was the best Italian teacher I could imagine and I would have most likely continued if he taught the subsequent class the following term. So here I am, a year later, semi-unemployed and sitting at home with Harry Potter 6 in the background, way too much coffee, and my Italian text open...No woman, unfortunately, but I'm learning.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2009,11/30/2010,119,268,11,20,15>You've heard of their famous egg tarts.  A tucked away bakery shop characterized by a big orange signage and some Chinese characters, is not so much a hidden gem anymore.  You'll see it blocks away with the long line, night and day.  This tiny basic storefront showcased with an array of Chinese pastries, from melon cake, to walnut poundcake, to mooncake and the famous egg tarts.  You'll never see any egg tarts displayed in the window.  It's almost like a legend that their customers talk about in Chinese.  That's because whenever the egg tarts is out from the oven (2 trays at a time), it's sold out right away.  People usually buy a dozen of them every time (at $13.80/dozen).  Gone, poof....!The pretty layer of flaky pastries topped with light textured egg custard.  I personally think it's a tad watery.  Beware though, that the bakery is on their annual sabbatical twice a year: They're closed the entire month of August and October.  Call ahead to make sure.  And be prepared to stand in line.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2010,11/29/2010,655,244,13,17,13>This place doesn't have much color or lighting going on from the outside. It's hard to tell if it's even open and my bf and I almost missed this place driving by. Good thing we did made it in because now we know it's possible for affordable eats on Union Street! Their happy hour aka Sumo Hour features nine regular rolls at just $4 each and some very affordable appetizers including sliders and dumplings. The happy hour menu looked so good but we ended up ordering from the regular menu because we had a Green Zebra coupon for buy one, get one free entrees AND sushi rolls! We ordered the Yamato roll with spicy scallops and asparagus that was topped with crab, tempura flakes and sauce. The other roll's name slipped my mind but it was the one topped with hot oil and ginger. Both were very, very good.The service was a bit slow even though we were the first diners to be seated upstairs but our entrees eventually came. I didn't think I could like the hot, cooked entrees better than sushi rolls but the Beef Filets with wasabi mashed potatoes, crispy shallots and red wine-soy reduction were just mouthwateringly delicious. The beef was cooked PERFECTLY. The waitress didn't even ask how we wanted it but it came out better than I could have imagined. They know medium rare is the way to go. I think I might actually order this instead of sushi a second time around.When you order a fish and beef entree, the red meat will usually always win (at least for me) but our Miso-Glazed Black Cod held its own over the filets. It came with beautiful tempura wild mushrooms and thin noodles. The broth and even carrot that came with it were just bursting with flavor! Everything in that bowl was delectable. Besides the slowish service, the only other thing I could complain about was how cold it was in that restaurant. I know I wasn't the only one because the lady next to us said the same thing while putting her jacket back on. Is the heater broken? Regardless, I'll be back to fill up on Sumo Hour specials for an easy dinner the next time around but for now, the regular menu knows what's up.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2010,11/28/2010,320,120,18,20,14>Bacon wrapped hotdogs are like my vicodin!!1) I am addicted, as I write this review, I feel like I NEED one, NOW!! 2) it makes everything better.... bye bye sorrows, hello bacon!3) it gets rid of the headaches....you know, the one you get  while dealing with all the losers that approached you at the club4) It makes the pain go away!,.... any pain you have in your feet from dancing all night in stilettos fades away with the first bite. 5) when everything else is closed and you are feining for some food, this is there to cease your hunger6) with all the fat in this bacon wrapped hotdog, it might even give you constipation,yup........... just like vicodin!You can find it parked outside Bruno's in the Mission. The hotdogs are $2 dollars each and you can get grilled onions, ketchup, mustard and jalepenos on them. Just one bit of this will make you feel....... Gooooooooooooooooood!
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2010,11/27/2010,510,406,28,25,26>Amy's first rule of ethnic food: When you walk into a place and it's all full of white people...leave.  Well, I mean, not if it's a French restaurant.  OK...if you walk into a Mexican restaurant and it's all full of Mexican people, this is a good sign.  Spanish soaps on the boob tube?  Even better.Well, I was starving and I got to the corner just in time to see my bus pull away.  What other solution could I have come up with but to duck into the first taqueria I saw...and order some enchiladas?This place was great.  The food had a very homemade feel to it and the salsa from the salsa bar was actually spicy.  I hate it when the salsa isn't spicy.  ...and the other reviewer who mentioned that the chips were great?  My hero.  They were so good.  So good.Of course it was way too much food but I pigged it down.  Did I mention that it was great?Uno!  Dos!  Tres!  Coal-gah-tey!  (That's Colgate in gringspanglish)
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2010,11/26/2010,714,2047,13,18,21>For review No. 1,400, I'm going medium school.  What is medium school, exactly?  Well, I'm not really sure.  I normally dig way back into the deepest, darkest recesses of my childhood memories for milestone reviews, but I recently realized that I've now lived in San Francisco long enough (seven years) to be able to review something nostalgic without having to remember anything prior to 2003.Golden Gate Park is an amazing place.  Every time I have the slightest notion that I know it well enough to be bored by it, I unintentionally don't visit it as often as I normally do.  Why?  I'm afraid of it losing that magic.  But then I discover something new (or rediscover something old) about it, and it's like falling in love all over again with the same person--there's an excitement, but there's also a familiarity, and those two things combine in a beautiful, life-affirming way.That's exactly what has happened with the San Francisco Botanical Garden.I had come here a bunch of times soon after moving to the city, but there was about a four-year lapse in between visits.  Even when I resumed coming here semi-regularly, I wasn't terribly consistent, and months would pass before I'd remember just how special this place was.  And then I came here on my last birthday with my brother and my nephew, and I've probably visited more times in the last six months than I had in the previous six years.  It helps, of course, that I've been either under- or unemployed during this time--OK, it doesn't really "help" anyone, but having a lot of time on your hands is good for some things.Plants are amazing.  We all know this, but we don't think about it often enough.  Yes, animals are amazing as well.  And certain geological features.  And views, especially of large bodies of water whose edges you can't see.  But plants.  Besides oxygen and water, they're the basis of all animal existence.  Actually, they produce oxygen and provide many animals with their only source of water, so there's no "besides" about it.  I love the hard-to-find labels for the random South American plants.  I love the tree whose bark looks like it's made of copper.  I love all the redwoods and the weird hedged-in amphitheater that slightly resembles the site of some ancient cultic human-sacrifice locale.  I love the trails and the strange workers' buildings that are scarily deserted and inhabited at the same time.  I love walking up and then down.  I love the strange rain birds and sod and wood chips and non-botanical-garden-looking areas, the strange leaves that hang down and that squirrels often seem to fall off of, the grebes in their pond.  I absolutely love the fact that I've had important conversations with old friends here.  I sometimes regret the fact that I never brought other dear people here, and this makes me think about them and what they're doing, but even this regret is softened by the surroundings; appropriately enough, I'm often in the Botanical Garden when I'm thinking about these people, and although an intention is never as good as an action--it's never the thought that counts--it is comforting to be in a safe, reassuring place when I'm feeling down.I also like to read here.  And to want to read here but to get too caught up in thinking to be able to get any reading done.  I wanted to write here at one point, but then I decided not to, and I haven't changed my mind about that yet.I want to be angry that they're now charging non-San Francisco residents to visit, but I can't really be angry with the Botanical Garden.  I'm not even sure that it should be free for anyone, and I've always left some donation every time I've visited, even when I haven't been working.Sometimes, it's too easy to get angry.  I know too many things bother me too much.  This doesn't really have anything to do with the Botanical Garden itself, but being here is definitely a healing experience, almost every time.  If you're able to, be sure to visit at different times of the day and in different weather.  You might not think a foggy day is the best time to visit a botanical garden, but you'd be surprised, especially if you've also been here when it's sunny.It's been a little bit more than two-and-a-half years since I began writing Yelp reviews, and in one of the first reviews I wrote, I thanked Amy for introducing me to Park Chow.  Well, Amy, thank you for introducing me to the Botanical Garden as well.  I don't know whether you read Yelp or whether you even live in the Bay Area anymore; but I will always be glad I met you and that you, an East Bay-ophile through and through, introduced me, a recently minted San Franciscan, to one of the most beautiful places amid these forty-nine square miles of ours.  Even if we have to agree to disagree about Hemingway and other virtuosic suicides, I will always consider you an eminently intelligent, thoughtful, and beautiful person.  Be well.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2010,11/25/2010,935,1053,18,23,23>A couple of things you probably know about me already: I love good food and eating out and have an awesome circle of friends that I love spending time with. One thing you probably don't know about me: I hate dining in large parties. No matter what, something always goes wrong, whether it's half the table getting served 30 minutes before the rest or someone complaining that the bill shouldn't be split evenly since they didn't drink or just had a salad (sidenote: don't be that person) Ugh. Anyhow...when one of my favorite people (Yelper Jenny W.) announced that she was having a going away brunch for 20 some odd folks I of course said yes but did so with a bit of hesitation. I just knew that the food was going to suck, that the bottomless mimosas weren't going to be eh, bottomless and that it was a recipe for disaster. Fortunately for all involved, Axis Cafe did an awesome job with our group!First off, we had a great table on their huge patio. We were presented the entire brunch menu (not a scaled down version) and the bottomless mimosas were flowing from the time we sat down until well after we paid our check. And the food was great! I had the braised pork which was served with poached eggs and a side of fresh, hot tortillas. Holy breakfast taco heaven, Batman! This was a fantastic brunch dish and a steal at $9.I would like to thank the staff of Atlas Cafe for making this going away brunch a smashing success. Who knows, maybe I'll become a large party dining guy after all?
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2010,11/24/2010,256,363,16,20,20>Happy Hour: October 28, 2010 @ 5:15 PMYou might need to endure the  catcall of the inebriated man on the sidewalk. Or jump over a puddle of human DNA. You might need to look past the internally preoccupied lady in her own happy nirvana.  But you will finally arrive at Olive.  In the hearf of the Tenderloin is an oasis to quench your thirst after putting in an honest day of  work at Civic Center or its vicinity. yelp.com/biz_photos/T0V4…Olive's pleasant existence in the heart of crack-cocaine city is an unexpected surprise.  Happy Hour is from 5 pm to 7pm where well-made cocktails are $5 each or $1 off each glass of wine.They serve decadently fatty yet delightful bar food of pizza, fries, etc. They also have bigger entrees of pasta, fish, salad, etc. if it's dinner that you're looking for.Olive offers an oasis of attractive bar with  contemporary decor of hanging mood lights. You either sit at  high bar tables or at the bar. Tealights on every table made this tiny dark bar cozier. yelp.com/biz_photos/T0V4…Olive is no dive bar. Nicely dressed 9-5 Civic Center/TL employees start walking in ready for a drink or two either solo or with their friends at around 5 PM. As for me and my GF Rebecca, we came here just to grab a couple of drinks.  We ordered a drink each and a side of mixed sweet potato/regular potato fries with aioli.   yelp.com/biz_photos/T0V4…The server was very nice. I requested for just drop of alcohol in my drink. He suggested a pomegranate mojito with more juice than ETOH. Still very delicious. My GF had the regular mojito plus 3/4 of my drink. (I was too paranoid to have a drink and drive.)Our sweet potato fries were okay. Soggy and not seasoned enough but it was still nice to munch on them along with complimentary olives. yelp.com/biz_photos/T0V4…Olive provided a nice venue for that girl-bonding moment. Between the modern interior, super-nice server, yummy drinks and the coziness of Olive, I think I finally found a bar where I would feel comfortable to imbibe solo. Olive is an oasis in the heart of the TL. For me, I think I found a new sanctuary while working at the Civic Center area.  Definitely not a place I will go back to if I am no longer working in the area but good to know there is a clean and safe spot in the TL. Tab: $16 for 2 mojitos and one sweet potato fries before tip.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2010,11/23/2010,1251,575,13,19,17>When anyone serves me a thick chunk of meat and a smaller chunk of foie gras on top of it, doused in a black truffle sauce - - they automatically catapult themselves into four-star category.On a Sunday evening, we took a bottle we'd been saving for the perfect dinner that was begging to be opened - a 2002 Stag's Leap Reserve Cabernet.  What better time to open it than with some delicious aged steak!  (Corkage $25.)Harris' offered some delicious appetizers.  We ordered the sweetbreads and crabcakes - and both were fascinatingly good.  The sweetbreads were lightly layered with a delicious creamy sauce that didn't kill the subtle flavors of sweetbreads, and the crabcakes were fresh with a tangy sauce.  Perfect.I ordered the Filet Mignon Rossini - which was the aforemention filet mignon w/ truffle sauce and a hunk of foie gras.  I ordered this based on various Yelp reviews, but in hindsight, I would have been happier with a regular Filet Mignon, only because I tend to like my steaks without any sauce.  The truffle sauce was good - but so unnecessary.  I would have much rather had the steak and foie gras - NO SAUCE, and perhaps I should have ordered it this way.  One *ding* was that I ordered  "rare" as I always do with filet mignon and it was more what I consider to be "medium rare" at best.  Rob ordered the ribeye - and I thought it was very good, and cooked perfectly to the medium rare requested.  That said, I've had better ribeyes.The service was excellent at Harris'.The ambiance was exactly what one hopes for from a steakhouse.  With wood paneled walls, large and spacious booths, the dining area was nothing short of ideal.    The murals on the wall of grazing cows in green meadows was a classic touch.  You feel like you're in a different world once inside Harris'.The steaks, while very good, were not stellar.  The menu was terrific, and not having tried everything, I'm comfortable with a four-star rating.  Though the appetizers almost made this dining experience deserve 5 stars, I expect to be wowed just a little bit more to warrant a true 5-star rating.  We didn't have dessert on this evening.Tuesdays through Saturday, Harris' has a live band playing in the bar area.  The location is ideal of business dinners, but the ambiance also makes it an ideal date location.  I'm not sure how loud it gets on weekdays, but on a Sunday night, it was about  half full and perfect for the random date night.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2010,11/22/2010,339,257,18,23,23>The 200th review! Jardiniere is an experience that you will never forget, I had the pleasure of sharing my wonderful dining experience with my lovely gf. It was our 2 year anniversary back on the 1st of Aug, so of course i wanted to take her somewhere special and exhilarating. Jardiniere fit the bill exactly, as we entered thru the very cool part wood and part glass doors media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bp…. We were greeted with a smile from the hostess who gladly took our coats and had us seated almost immediately. We walked up the fancy spiral staircase and entered the main dining area which is spiraled around in a circle. The dining area was flooded with people from different lifestyles from business men to couples and friends dining. We decided we wanted to split the wine pairing, which was a good idea on our part. (I haven't drank since Jan 14 and it being July 31st, you can bet my tolerance isn't as high as it used to be. :*( ) From what i had heard thru the grapevine the way to go was the six course tasting. All 6 courses were marvelous but some stood out more than others. The mixture of spices, seasonings and flavors whisked our taste buds to another world. The Bacon wrapped Quail media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bp… and the rib eye steak media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bp… were two favorites of the night. The bacon wrapped Quail was amazing, the succulent flavor of the quail was brought out more by bacon, yes i said bacon folks! The rib-eye was so tender and juicy it melted in your mouth. The finisher was a plate of delicious Beignets to share media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bp…. From the left we have a plain beignet with a rasberry sauce, the middle was a chocolate filled beignet with a chocolate sauce and the best for last was the caramel filled beignet with a caramel. The Caramel beignet was amazing, filling your mouth with caramel orgasmic goodness! ;). The ultimate finish was a special wish from Jardinere: media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bp…
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2010,11/21/2010,734,876,17,22,22>I consulted Yelp for a neighborhood bar with a patio when a friend of ours wanted to meet up and grab drinks on a lazy Sunday afternoon. It led us to Wild Side West, and as we approached the entrance, we knew we were in for a treat. One of the Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence was sitting there, collecting donations for breast cancer. Inside, the DJ was mixing some fun dance music. The bartenders were friendly, and because of the breast cancer benefit, felt boobies of the chocolate and vanilla variety were for sale. Imagine walking up to bar and finding a random felt boobie on the bar while you decide what to order. OR being greeted by the bartender's felt boobie, strategically placed between her two real ones.With several drinks in hand, we headed down the narrow steps to the backyard. Lots of nooks, crannies, and seating - plenty of space to just hang out. Seems to be a chill neighborhood bar, so we'll definitely be back. I'm holding onto that fifth star for subsequent visits!
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,5/23/2013,665,259,9,10,9>A Case of the Sundays...?I seem to think about their sandwiches at the oddest times. Obviously Tuesday night is going to be a no win situation, but today, Sunday, as I woke up thinking about how a LLB Special would be great during the Niners game I feel like a loser again. Lou's, why are you not open on Sundays?!? Now I'm left with the letdown knowing that whatever secondary sandwich decision I make will be inferior to the LLB Special at Lou's. Are they that good? Yes. The toasty, crusty dutch crunch, Lou's special jalapeno spread...  the roast beef, ham, turkey...  the swiss and provolone...  and...  well there must be some crack in there too. Start with the LLB Special as described and then slowly eat through that superior sandwich menu. Or just stick with that LLB. Damn, I am so hungry now...P.S. Search Lou's reviews with keyword "Sunday" and you'll find all the folks who learned Lou's is closed on Sunday the hard way.
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2013,5/22/2013,449,1573,59,57,49>So.Let's say you've been on a couple of dates with this guy (or gal) and don't know whether you've reached couple status or even if you have, nobody's said anything to finalize it so you can have a date to celebrate.Cafe Jacqueline is so romantic, (by that I mean, old school romantic) I'm certain by the end of today's date you would've changed your facebook status from "it's complicated" to "I'm in a relationship with ___" I can only assume the little lady whipping up these magical souffles is Jacqueline herself -- you can see her when you go to the restroom as you pass by the open kitchen. No mistaking the giant pile of eggs in the big wooden bowl will be used up by the end of the night. Make sure to order a salad or some kind of app, your souffle can take half an hour or so to make. You love to sip wine slowly? this is the perfect place to linger over a bottle. The CRAB SOUFFLE!  It's $60! Whoa nelly. Serious chunks of snow crab legs in there. The souffle itself is pleasant to the eyes, silky on the tongue, and opens up to a full bloom in your mouth. I mean, who knew eggs and cream could be THIS good? (um, that's what she said??) So what, the service isn't the best. Order a bottle of wine (or two) and you won't even know the difference, you lush.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,5/21/2013,124,368,12,19,18>My friend and i were trying to figure out where to meet up for brunch when I remembered Outerlands.   "It's near the beach", I said, "and look for a big crowd of people standing around outside". Yup, turns out my description was spot on.Despite getting there after 1 pm, we waited for just over 1 hour and were pretty much the last table to be seated that day.  Was it worth it?  Indeed, it was. I started with the hot apple cider with ginger, lemon and honey.  It was delicious and the perfect thing as I was getting over a cold that day.  I ordered the fried egg with open faced sandwich with ham and cheese.  A side salad came with the dish.  My friend ordered the Dutch pancake with a side of bacon.  My sandwich was delicious.  I don't know if had to do with eating outside on cold day or if it was because I was finally getting my appetite back or if it was because I had just finished my long run that morning but I was really hungry after our wait for a table.  Whatever the reason, the ham, cheese, egg and bread was really good and I savored every bite. The greens were fresh and lightly dressed.  The apple cider was not too sweet and not too tart.   I liked it so much I made a batch as soon as I went home.On Sundays they sell loaves of their wonderful bread and as tempted as I was to purchase some, I thought about the bread I had just purchased the day before and sadly had to decline.   Never again!  Thou shalt not forgo this wondrous bread when presented with the opportunity to partake in such a delight!There is a reason for the long lines.  The food is fresh, delicious and well prepared. The staff is friendly and efficient.  The prices are reasonable and the vibe is pretty mellow.  The decor is simple and rustic.  Outdoor heaters are a big plus!  Dress appropriately for being near the ocean!
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,5/20/2013,1798,1373,15,23,20>Gorgeous venue.I came here as a tag-along with a financier friend during Chinese New Year festivities and networking via a local Bay Area organization.  And even though this visit here was not the first time (weddings), this ballroom never ceases to amaze me with the intricate attention to detail, style, and color schematics.The coordinator here deserves major kudos.The entire room was done up in elaborate shades of red and gold accents.  The buffet table, lined with various types of dim sum, little to-go boxes brimming with mini portions of chow mein, a bowl of fortune cookies.....the list goes on.  Party favors with the traditional red envelopes.  The ceremonial dragon dance that took place through the room.  And waiters that wasted no time in clearing our empty wine glasses and dirty plates.The waitstaff are friendly and efficient.  Restrooms are just a walk down the hall.  And the feeling of being whisked away somewhere for the night, even though it was business attire?Heavenly bliss.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,5/19/2013,944,543,10,20,16>I love SF!I like this store.Even though their items could be a little pricey, I believe they are worth it. They sell lots of shirts, sweaters and gears with local neighborhood and sports team themed logos. I specially love the Giants and Niners-themed gears. I am proud to rep the City and the Bay wearing their gears in other cities....especially in SoCal. Yup, I got made love for NorCal. You want hats?They have throwbacks from the 80's and 90's as well as the current ones. They have your local team as well as every other team in the league whether it be baseball or basketball.They even have throwback shirts from the 80's that I remember wearing in middle school. I'm talking about Magic Johnson, Larry Bird and Dr. J. Now that is OLD SCHOOL right there, son. When they have sale items, they are at bargain basement price. I've bought shirts that only cost ten bucks each, and these are quality shirts that lasts unlike cheap ones from Chinatown and the Wharf. And all the workers here always greet you with a smile when you're coming and going. I like supporting stores that do it right.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,5/18/2013,934,838,22,25,24>As long as I can remember, I've always liked Mexican food.  Beyond the fact that burritos and tacos are straight up awesome, I just love the blends of spices, the robust flavors, and...the burritos and tacos.  Despite all that SF's food scene has to offer though, options for upscale Mexican food has been fairly limited, especially now that Maya has closed.  Thank goodness for Nopalito though!- Gordita Campechana - fried tortilla pocket, braised beef brisket, chorizo, cabbage, onion, cilantro, and salsa de miltomate y chile de arbol...$4.50(yelp.com/biz_photos/nopa…)Pretty solid overall.  It's hard to tell in the photo, but there was a generous amount of brisket inside the tortilla.  The beef was well seasoned, the chorizo added some rich savoriness, and the salsa and chile gave it some punch.  I could have done without the cilantro though.- Quesadilla Roja con Chicharrón - mulato chile-corn tortilla, crispy pork belly, chile cascabel, jack cheese, queso fresco, onion, and cilantro...$9.50(yelp.com/biz_photos/nopa…)Just about perfect, if not for the cilantro (sense a trend?).  The tortilla was fried to a perfect crispiness, and the mix of pork belly, cheeses, and spices was awesome.  I won't lie - after the first bite, I wasn't happy that I had to share to share the whole thing with my friends.- Carnitas - braised pork, orange, bay leaf, milk, cinnamon, beer Cabbage salad, pickled jalapeño, and salsa de tomatillo...$15.50(yelp.com/biz_photos/nopa…)On their own, the beer cabbage salad and pickled jalapeño were really pungent, but they worked as a foil to the pork.  The carnitas were terrific though - meaty, moist, flavorful with just a touch of needed fattiness, and tasty.  I liked the salsa de tomatillo, but I would have preferred something spicier.- Paletas Hechas en Casa (Housemade Popsicle) - Café con Leche...$3.50(yelp.com/biz_photos/nopa…)I love café con leche (coffee) desserts, but this was just okay.  The coffee flavor was all right (it could have been stronger), but the somewhat gummy texture was the bigger issue for me.  It wasn't hard like you might expect a popsicle to be, but it wasn't exactly soft like a creamsicle either.Between the great food and the excellent service (I appreciated how frank our waitress was about what to try and what to avoid), Nopalito is a great addition to increasingly diverse 9th Ave area.  I can't wait to go back to try more of their dishes, down another Caprihinia cocktail (yelp.com/biz_photos/nopa…), and order a Quesadilla Roja con Chicharrón of my own!
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,5/17/2013,200,372,7,5,8>I knew you were trouble when you walked inSo shame on me nowFlew me to places I'd never been at...SHABU HOUSE! - Taylor Swift (i knew you were trouble)I am so excited to write a review after coming here on Super Bowl weekend. You know I'm pumped when I use a 't-swizzle' song LOL! I've been to the Shabu House in Burlingame maybe 2-3 years ago and wanted to try the one here in the city. Even though its the same restaurant company, I like trying different locations since its more fun that way. I made reservations (highly recommended) to come here with my family and when I told my mom we were going to do all you can eat, she formulated a game plan for herself. Eat a light lunch, followed by a late afternoon nap, and then some fruit to get her appetite going before dinner. She's so funny haha although a 'game plan' did seem appropriate since it was the biggest football game for us since '94 coming up the next day. When we arrived, it was super packed and I was hoping our reservations didn't require us to wait for long as my mom isn't a fan of waiting at restaurants. Luckily, they had a second dining area upstairs that we didn't see, yay! Right away when we were seated, I told the lovely waitress that we were doing all you can eat and our meal was ready to start in no time. The beef was really good (especially considering it's ayce), but what impressed me the most is how much of the vegetables that I ate. Tofu, shitake mushrooms, cabbage, spinach, udon - combined with your own dipping sauce and the beef - I can't remember the last time I ate so much...Last but not least, in addition to a very satisfying meal, I'd like to commend the service here. Even though the place was busy as heck, our waitress was super nice and always made sure we had vegetables and meat on our table at all times. She is the main reason I ate so much as there was always food on the table!! As much as I'm impressed by celebrity chefs walking around and asking us how we are doing, I was equally grateful for how super attentive the service was here.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,5/16/2013,305,233,15,14,14>If you don't know who Tyler Florence is, he's a chef.  He's famously (more or less) known as one of Food Network's numerous television personalities.  As one of Tyler Florence's creations, Wayfare Tavern sits smack dab in the heart of San Francisco's financial district.  More oft than not, many are attracted to this place for that reason.  I came upon this place due to their reputation of grandeur fried chicken.  Bun and I have been together for eons.  Eons means a very long time without explaining how many EXACT years when people ask because the EXACT number may be a bit embarrassingly foggy.  I know her inside out, and she knows I like fried chicken.  Wayfare Tavern has a charming personality of classy comfort; a trait I believed Bun would be comfortable with.  This was the perfect choice to springboard us to the next level of what has been in the making for "eons".  Not only that, she'd never suspect me popping the BIG question during lunch.       Ascending the staircase, I could peer down into the kitchen.  Curiosity besieges me when I can look into any kitchen.  (How clean is it?  What's going on in there?  Do any food fights ever ensue during busy times?)  When seated our waiter described to us the specials and gave us some time to look through the menu.  The menu is an ensemble of some classic American dishes sprinkled with flair.  Passing on the exquisite sounding bone marrow and their super burger coined, "le grand", she ordered the steak sandwich.  Not too surprised, as Bun typically sticks with something not so far outside her box.  As an appetizer we got the poutine, and yes, I picked the fried chicken as my main.  Since sharing is caring and portion sizes were larger than expected we shared everything.  Bun requested her sandwich be cut in half and I divvied up some of the fried chicken to her so we could both.  Our appetites were on full rev. I don't encounter poutine much, but by the description, fancying up poutine is kind of like making gourmet nachos.  There's a gray area of classy and trying too hard.  While not exceptional, point for being deliciousness was achieved.  For a starter it was on a heavy side.  Though let's be frank, who the hell is counting calories if they're coming here.  As for her main dish, the steak sandwich was cooked wonderfully upon request; there was more bread compared to meat for my liking.  As a point of noting, the steak was prepared remarkably.  Oh my fried chicken!  It was simply incredible.  The chicken was so good; I decided to start another paragraph with it.  Plating was presented eloquently, I painfully resisted my temptations of being a pig and just devouring every little bit.  I even broke off pieces of the herb and ate it with the chicken.  The white pieces of meat weren't dry at all even.  I definitely recommend it.  Slowly finishing our eating frenzy, anxiousness started to rise.  In disguising my state of mind, I wondered if she knew what I was thinking.  Curiously enough a picture of a dancing Panda playing the piano instantly jumped into my train of thought.  Bouncing back, I struggled to find a conversational opening to begin.  This sensation was strikingly similar to Frogger on level 10.  I thought to myself, do what you came here to do.  Finally, the BIG question I will be asked.  The BIG question she'd never see coming.      "Hun... (Gulp) will you..."I pause to drink some sparkling water. "...will you...eat the rest of that chicken?  If not, I could help you handle that."That didn't turn out the way I imagined.  Anyway, I'm coming back for that out of control hype deserving fried chicken.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,5/15/2013,283,1020,8,11,11>Holy cow, very little actually gets better than this!  I'm HRD's biggest fan and have been waiting to get my hands on some of their amazing fusion dishes for the longest time.  It seems like forever since I was last at their 3rd St location, but since I started working in Oakland, it's been really difficult to make it out for lunch.  Now that they've got a dinner location in North Beach, it's like I've been infused with whole new life.This was their grand opening and they were packed!  Their menu features many of their classics, but also some new favorites as well.  As soon as I saw that they were offering their famous sweet chili fried pork chops that were featured on Triple D, I was sold.  I've been craving it but never got an opportunity to try it myself.  The glaze was cooked right into the meat and there was a crispy crust on the outside that absolutely made the meal.  The pork chops themselves were HUGE and came with fries and their super delicious and newly popular wasabi apple coleslaw.  I've never had quite an interesting slaw in my life and I must say that it's now one of my favorites.  There's sweet, spicy, tangy, and more going on in every single bite.  This was a masterpiece is might be my new favorite dish that they make.My girlfriend ordered their meaty pork spareribs with mashed potatoes with curry and special slaw.  The ribs were tender and fell off the bone, and their BBQ sauce and korean chili sauces were just perfect with the meat.  The mashed potatoes with curry was super flavorful and totally unexpected, although if you think about it, makes perfect sense!I absolutely LOVE the old HRD and this is another heaping helping of amazing.  The owners are fantastic and they make everybody feel like family when they come in.  I've introduced many friends who now hold HRD as one of their favorite places and it's easy to see why.  Everything about it is awesome.Food: 10/10Service: 10/10Price: $$Atmosphere: 9/10
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,5/14/2013,264,427,5,8,9>This my new favorite restaurant in town. Wow, the food was exquisite (don't use that adjective often) and the atmosphere is romantic and relaxed. This place serves the type of food that I want to cook -- refined but rustic dishes full of soul and love. We arrived on the dot for our reservation and were seated immediately. Our waiter showed us to the best seat in the house, a two seater round table in an alcove. That certainly put a huge smile on my face, definitely a huge plus!! He went over the relatively short menu with us in some detail and offered a few suggestions. We decided on the duck platter, the trout and the half chicken with cauliflower gratin. The duck platter had duck salami, house smoked duck breast and duck terrine. Three slices of a warm, heavenly multi-grain biscuit. My favorite was the terrine, it was delicate and well balanced. The duck salami was my fiancé's favorite -- it wasn't too fatty and packed a punch with intense flavor. The smoked duck slices was almost like prosciutto. It was a bit too salty for my taste and drowned out the delicate natural sweetness of the duck. All in all, a great start to the evening. After the waiter cleared the appetizer from our table, our mains arrived quickly. The fish skin was so crispy and not fishy at all. The flesh tasted buttery and the wonderful seafood sauce perfectly complimented the delicate fish. The mussels and potatoes were yummy, also. The chicken came with three amazing sauces -- mushroom sauce, romesco sauce and a gramoleta. The chicken was moist and flavorful it didn't need the sauces to be a great dish, but the sauces took it over the top. I've had romesco sauce before, but nothing as good as this, it's a bit nutty, a bit sweet and 100% crack. I could put that over frozen patty of dry veggie burger and it would be good. The cauliflower gratin was fantastic too. The cheese compliments the natural sweetness of the cauliflower and the cauliflower itself wasn't mushy. From reading the other reviews, I couldn't resist and ordered the banana creme brûlée. It was heavenly. The banana were thinly sliced and a bit overpowering on the first bite, but the vanilla flavor really comes through after another few bites. The custard was smooth and not too sweet. It was certainly a great end to the evening. I love this place and hope to come back soon!! It's a true neighborhood gem and I hope it all the success :)
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2008,8/12/2009,992,1060,94,65,59>I'm a man of the world. When it come to clothing, I like my threads European slim, made in America and at Chinese prices. I prefer the expert hands of Italian weavers to the work of underaged Thai children. I prefer the feel of Egyptian fibers to the brown bag roughness of Indonesian industrialuxe.About a year ago, before my big backpacking trip (cough: keane.festizio.net/2007/…), I dropped off two pairs of jeans for tailoring. I figured if I was going to traverse sweatily across the East Coast, I may as well look nice to compensate for my smell. The pair of Diesels were actually deemed untouchable by another FiDi tailor, but now, thanks to Andreas, I wear them every day. (I mean, everyday.)And so, when it comes to tailoring, I trust no one but Andreas Gorges.In fact, I just dropped off some more clothes and was out faster than Superman on his honeymoon. Their superior service still stands tall after all this time (also like Superman on his honeymoon).However, here is a bit of advice: don't wear skinny jeans before going to a place that requires changing, or you might end up grunting and thrashing about, in an effort to remove them expeditiously, in such a way that others might think an impregnated cow was stuck in the changing room...I said "might." I am elegant and awesome, and thus this was not the case with me.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/26/2009,8/10/2009,270,234,16,25,22>Ah May's Coffee Shop...I used to come here all the time when I used to work in Japantown many summers ago. It's a cute little stand diagonally across from the Sanrio store that sells breakfast, noodle soups, and burgers among other items (yelp.com/biz_photos/9RPN…). Prices are very reasonable and they have a seating area with tables and long benches. The bf and I ordered a few things:spam musubi ($2.50) - I think you would be lying if you said you didn't like spam. The piece of spam was browned with some teriyaki glaze and had just enough rice underneath so that it balanced out the saltiness of the meat. The rice was perfectly sticky so that it didn't come apart and it was quite filling too...hits the spot for me every time! (yelp.com/biz_photos/9RPN…)wonton min ($6.95) - This dish was just all right. The soup wasn't very hot and the noodles were few. The wontons were good though and the BBQ pork added flavor to everything. Not worth the price I don't think. (yelp.com/biz_photos/9RPN…)taiyaki ($1.75) - I was craving this the moment my eyes laid upon it. Taiyaki is basically a fish-shaped biscuit/cake with chocolate or red bean filling. We chose the chocolate one which cost 25 cents more but boy was it yummy! Eating them fresh was the best with the outside being slightly soft but not soggy. The chocolate on the inside was melted and not too sweet either. Perfect way to end our meal! (yelp.com/biz_photos/9RPN…)I have not tried their other menu options but wouldn't mind coming back to do so. Yay for spam and chocolate filled fishies!
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2009,8/9/2009,1770,136,17,25,22>I always come here for cute japanese beauty products from hair supplies to nail polish. Just today alone I bought " Sexy Girl " hair cologne, yes i said hair cologne lol whhhaaaattt ! It smells really good lol plus it was only $13.99 on top of that I bought a hot pink glittery nail polish with stars ^ ^ which was only $4.99. Although what sucks was the color i wanted orginally was sold out... it's the second time going back to check it was in...2 weeks and still no new shipment =/ ohhh they needa restock ! ahahah btw Out the door with those the two items I purchased with tax and all was only $20.78         ^ ___ ^ not to shabby i'd say This store also sell other cute japanese items from cell phone key chains to stuff animals etc hella cute !
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2008,8/8/2009,331,322,21,22,22>Your photo booth was broken for my photo-booth birthday outing. Enter sad face here.But I was able to commandeer most of that back area and there were only a few strangers who tried to steal my cupcakes.Beautiful inside as always and everyone had a good time with good, strong drinks.I'm pretty sure that's what happened, anyway.P.S. I didn't take it the booth thing that personally after finding the 500 Club's machine was broken, too, but what sorta luck is THAT, anyway.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2009,8/7/2009,541,1054,30,28,30>At long last, I have had the famous Dry Fried Chicken Wings at San Tung.At first, I picked them up with my chopsticks and delicately nibbled on them.Before too long, I got my hands into it.By wing #3, I was virtually motorboating those things.  Chopsticks in one hand, end of the wing in other hand - and a blur of motion and happy noises.When my plate was finished, I had sticky sweet sauce all over my mouth and hands.  I licked my fingers.  I paid my $7 (wings, rice, soup and tea).I left in a daze, already dreaming of when I might have them again.  Hooked!
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2009,8/6/2009,832,255,19,30,27>When you walk in Briciola you immediately fall in love. The ambiance, the service, and just the love you receive throughout the night from the owner of the place who goes out of his way to make you feel like family. This place just opened and half the patrons that walked in were greeted by first name and a big hug....love it. The owner as well as most of the servers have thick Italian accents which only adds to the overall experience. Beyond the service I was really happy with their wine selection, the bread and dip they serve before your meal, and our appetizer which was a sort of meat tray  (agliere di Salumi coppa~spek~prosciutto~salame~olives~marinated vegetables) which was more deliscious with every bite. My bf had the filet mignon~fontina cheese~black truffles. A-MAZ-ING! Every bite was juicy, bursting with flavor from the sucullent meat and black truffle, and cooked to perfection. Unfortunately I can't rave as much about my dish. I had the Assorted seafood (crab, calamari, mussels, clams, shrimp, salmon, and swordfish) and it was a bit dry and bland  quite frankly. It came out piping hot (was litterally still boiling) and beautifully prepared which was nice. I was just so excited for this dish, our server did a great job on selling me on it, and the fact that it came out less than amazing was a bit dissapointing and the reason for 4 instead of 5 stars. Regardless of my mediocre dish I still look forwards to going back and possibly trying the ravioli or rack of lamb.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2009,8/5/2009,360,97,19,30,30>Impeccable service at perhaps one of my favorite wine bars in the city. Immediately upon entering this place for the very first time, my friends and I were warmly greeted by the host who made us feel right at home. The great service continued throughout the night, as we were constantly checked on by attentive, friendly waiters who offered helpful suggestions for good wines to taste. I'm not a big wine connoisseur myself, so extra bonus points for going out of their way to help us out despite how uber-busy the place was.On a typical Friday night, you'll find this place packed with a mostly upper 20s/lower 30s crowd of both hipsters and young professionals. Despite the crowdedness, there is still a very relaxed, yet vibrant and exciting feel to this place. Surrounded by classy decor and romantic mood lighting, everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves--striking up conversation with friends, waiters, strangers, you name it. I also appreciate the fact that people seem to check their egos at the door, and come just to have an overall good time.The wine itself was excellent. I was perhaps too drunk to remember exactly what I had, but I'm sure it was great! All I remember was an extensive menu of red and whites, cocktails and beers. There was also a nice cheese menu that looked delicious, as well as a good selection of other appetizers. I'll definitely need to come back for Happy Hour though, as that's when Amelie seems to offer the best deal: 3 wines by the glass to make your own custom flight for only $10! Unbelievable.Overall, I had a great time here and will definitely be coming back. If you're looking for an upbeat, classy atmosphere with good wines and winning service, come to Amelie. You may quickly make it your go-to wine bar!
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2009,8/4/2009,353,254,35,27,30>i'm one competitive b*tch.  friendly challenges, you understand, but i'll fight, claw, and eye gouge my way to the finish line.  ...mmm.  eye gouging...the pho challenge will bring you to your knees and make you want to cry for your mom's teet, but jason c, sascha o, and i decided to attempt to consume the 2 lbs of meat and 2 lbs of noodles (the total dish weighing in at 17 lbs) within an hour without vomiting or dying.  (no joke; you really have to sign a waiver indicating your awareness of possible death.)we decided not to risk death, so we customized the challenge and agreed that the one who could eat the most among the three of us would be the winner.  ...you can imagine my increased competitive delight when a certain jason c. declared that he would NOT be outeaten by a female.  (AGAIN, i might add.)  'i wonder how he'll feel when he gets shown up by a 100lb female,' i thought.- silent sizing up of my opponents:  check.- about 10 shots of sake to induce semi-drunk munchies:  check.- 'eye of the tiger' playing in my head:  check.the hour began, and i pulled a few strategic moves in hopes of winning this impromptu lunch challenge.  brendan, the owner, and all of the waitstaff and cooks eagerly looked on to see who could finish their dish.  they were all so friendly and encouraging, and i made a note to myself (before i keeled over from 2 tons of msg) that i'd definitely return to try the other dishes and for the hospitality as well.  after 35 minutes of shoving all that i could into my mouth, we all decided to save our stomachs from exploding and give up.so who won??what, you think i'd actually lose?  ; )  i had 2.5 lbs of leftovers to be exact.  and yes, there WILL be a rematch, folks.  i'm going to train for it, and i'm determined to finish that gigantic bowl and be the second person to conquer the pho challenge!
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2009,8/3/2009,355,431,26,26,27>You know it's time to go home on St. Patrick's Day when you're at a smoky 95% authentic Irish bar, the live drum and recorder band of Irish children has just finished playing (out on a school night, mind you... belligerents-in-training!!), and the "Irish Car Bomb" is mistakenly referred to as the "Carrish Ier... wait..."Since O'Keeffe's is on the corner opposite end of my block, I've always been curious about it but had never gone in. So I'm glad that tonight, on our way home to my house, Ruchi P. and I took the time to stop by, since I'd heard it was a legit Irish bar and it was March 17th.  The abovementioned events occured, in addition to Ruchi and I being the only non-White people in the room... that NEVER happens in San Francisco... I was quite tickled (not literally, thank goodness). After spilling most of my Carrish Ier Bomb on the counter and the guy being totally cool with it, we waved goodbye and called it a night.If it weren't for the smoke and I weren't so scared of European men following me home, I'd definitely come here more often!
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2009,8/2/2009,1049,117,44,42,47>Ok, so being the sandwich connoisseur that I am, I finally made it out to Ike's Place yesterday and it was "all that and a bag of chips" (figure of speech - I didn't actually have room in my stomach for chips).There were so many sandwiches I wanted to try that I just couldn't make up my mind. Thanks to the super friendly and helpful staff I finally decided on the #59 "The Cristina and Umair Go to Ike's Place". It's a smorgasbord of fresh meats and veggies (Turkey, Bacon, Ham, Salami, Italian Dressing, Avocado & Provolone)  ...ok, maybe not so many veggies after all, but whatever?Most def one of the best sandwiches I've had. It was all like... all gourmet n' shit!!!UPDATE: I've retired the Barry B. and the Matt Cain is my current fave sandwich from here.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/13/2008,2/23/2008,20,96,37,31,45>Dear Blue Bottle, Remember* when we first met, back when I was still a New Yorker and you epitomized all that I loved about the Bay Area? You were funky, honing your craft inside an old converted garage. You liked to go to farmers markets and all the cool little cafes. Sometimes, when I felt like it, I would invite you over to my house and you were kind to my little coffee pot. Your friends were witty, wore funky t-shirts and listened to cool music. I know that your community is a large one, but ever since you got that new job across from the SF Chronicle, I am not sure who you are. How come all your friends always wear the same black shirts every day? I mean I like black and all, and perhaps wear too much of it, but now I have a hard time telling your friends apart. Frankly they don't seem as happy as your pals at the markets or at the garage. And all those strangers coming in to have business meetings. Who are they? OK I get it; they all read the New York Times in which you were featured. Why must they all pose uncomfortably at those awkwardly tall tables? San Francisco is not New York and shouldn't try to be. And don't have your new friends attack me. This is a testament to how great it is in the bay. New York can't compete with its charms, its sunny nature. Leave the cold to the east coast.  Even my pal Grumpy* doesn't put on airs like this.  Blue, what happened? I like your new toy but maybe your architect should have built a more well suited space for it. Or maybe you need to meet some artists who could add some character to the place. I feel like I am going to the doctor's office and he is too busy adjusting his lab coat to make my appointment. I visited you yesterday on my break from work, but I think you didn't spot me there. A gaggle of high heeled ladies were blocking your view. I had to rush in and rush out. I didn't feel comfortable. I'll see you at the farmers market on Sunday. You seem more like yourself there. No hard feelings. As I write this I am sipping a cup of your coffee, remembering the good old days when things were just lovely, simple and sweet. Faithfully Yours, Ole* Coffee Eyes*yelp.com/user_details_re…*yelp.com/biz/cafe-grumpy…*lazy way of saying old, not a reference to bullfighting.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2007,2/22/2008,107,259,24,10,23>At a loss for a good way to describe the awesomeness of Arizmendi I sought guidance in pop music.  After searching far and wide - I felt that only Sir Huey Lewis was able to accurately describe my love for Arizmendi:The power of Arizmendi is a curious thingMake a one man weep, make another man singChange a hawk to a little white doveMore than a feeling thats the power of ArizmendhiTougher than diamonds, rich like creamStronger and harder than a bad girls dreamMake a bad one good make a wrong one rightPower of Arizmendi that keeps you home at nightChorus 1 :You dont need money (actually you do, and it is cash only), dont take fameDont need no credit card to ride this trainIts strong and its sudden and its cruel sometimesBut it might just save your lifeThats the power of 'mendhiThats the power of 'mendhiFirst time you feel it, it might make you sadNext time you feel it it might make you madBut youll be glad baby when youve foundThats the power makes the world goroundChorus 2 :And it dont take money (well, it doesn's take credit cards anyhow), dont take fameDont need no credit card to ride this trainIts strong and its sudden it can be cruel sometimesBut it might just save your lifeThey say that all in love is fairYeah, but you dont careBut you know what to doWhen it gets hold of youAnd with a little help from aboveYou feel the power of 'mendhiYou feel the power of 'mendhiCan you feel it ?HmmmChorus 3 :It dont take money and it dont take fameDont need no credit card to ride this trainTougher than diamonds and stronger than steelYou wont feel nothin till you feelYou feel the power, just the power of 'mendhiThats the power, thats the power of 'mendhiYou feel the power of 'mendhiYou feel the power of 'mendhiFeel the power of love
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2008,2/21/2008,86,177,12,18,23>After a rather disappointing brunch at Brenda's, the SO and I wandered down Polk Street, slowly dragging ourselves back up the hill.  Then we remembered we wanted to try this little tea shop since we are both nuts about tea and coffee.At first, I was not impressed by the tea selection--HOWEVER--the owner, came up to me and suggested I blend my own tea from what he had available.  Excuse me?  You mean, I can have exactly what I want?  I got the dragon pearl tea, which by the way, is a steal here considering they charge the same for all pots.After we sat down, I noticed the decor.  How charming, how lovingly, how painstakingly they had renovated the place.I took a step outside and then the owner came out and we start to chat.  Next time you're there, take a look at the mosaic--made from magazines.  He and his friends handpainted the tables, his mother re-upholstered the chairs, and the trinkets that adorns the place were given to them by people in the neighborhood.If you're not sold on this place by now, you just have to go there and see for yourself.  Upon entry, the smell of fresh baked scones will hit you in the face (cream cheese frosting!), and the smiles will make you swoon.  Everything here is warm, bright, and sincere.Just writing this review makes me happy.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2007,2/20/2008,992,1060,52,43,54>Sometimes I lose my words... Sometimes I just don't feel like saying anything at all, as if a particular second had passed and I'd like nothing more than strive for the preservation of it - a simple moment fluttering as it is... pleasant.I arrived just in time for the headliner of November's Performer Presents show at Hemlock Tavern. Birds and Batteries sound exactly like the imagery their name summons. A hint of alt-rock mixed with electro-synth, they manage in finding a comfortable middle-ground between natural purity and chaos machine. Their instrumentation shines with lushness, pop and soothing serenade, notably on brilliant tracks like, "Ocarina," "Jungles (Oceans)," and the clear favorite, "Star Clusters." But that's about all I can say, and the only thing left I remember is the frontman's flannel shirt and beard. (Is he a lumberjack?) They're in no way my favorite band, but it was a nice experience, like catching stars from a mountaintop. I've easily concluded that Hemlock wins as my favorite bar in the city. The attentive and friendly staff only enhances the already casual ambiance, made better by reasonably-priced drinks. Lastly, but never least, Hemlock lures hot hipsters of a variety that seem slightly less diseased. The process of hitting on a girl flows more naturally when you're pretty sure she won't give you crabs...(Speaking of rock 'n' roll, this is my 666th review, and it disturbs me that a lot of you seem to like that...)
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2007,2/19/2008,45,59,12,17,18>This is my new favorite book store! They are small yes, but they are not only willing to order anything for you but they have a surprisingly well rounded collection of book options. The place just feels welcoming and the people are so helpful and gracious. Not to mention that my daughter loves the place. They have a great kids section and it seems to be the popular resting point for many parents in the neighborhood because the kids can entertain them selves with various little toys and a grand selection of books. I recently got, "In the Night Kitchen", by Maurice Sendak, a classic, a book about fairies and the best children's book I have come across in recent times, "Zen Shorts"!"Zen Shorts", is about a Panda bear named Stillwater that moves into the neighbor hood and teaches three siblings about the zen philosophy through the art of story telling. Beautifully written, moving, and gorgeous graphics. The art work is all in lovely colorful watercolors and the short stories with in the story are all in bold black watercolor with hints of color for accents. Stillwater teaches important life lessons through ancient stories applied to a kids perspective. Amazing! Loved it! They could use a better cooking section, but they have the essentials.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2007,2/18/2008,292,153,35,34,34>This is a place where you can have a fantastically cheap meal, stuff yourself silly, and feel incredibly healthy.  Pagolac is my new Vietnamese obsession.  This jewel sits under a filthy little awning but has one of the cleanest kitchens I've ever seen.  The friendly waiters have taught my group twice how to make their special rice paper wraps.  They bring you a mountain of fresh greens and your choice of protein along with rice paper and hot water.  I like the idea of slowing my voraciousness down with a little creative wrapping.  The chicken salad, soft rice noodles with beef, pork, and imperial rolls, and claypot catfish are all stellar.  So, after going here twice I haven't had a meal I didn't rave about.  By the way, this is a great place to take a vegetarian (just don't wrap them in the rice paper too tightly).
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2008,2/17/2008,158,122,13,18,26>Few book stores of this kind still exist. Bookshelves too high to manage, friendly staff that greet you and your dog when you enter, a tight disorganized tangle of aisles, a certain dash of disorganization, and plenty of treasures to be found. I always leave here with something- a new vegan cookbook that's convinced me I should be vegan, a book of short stories by an author I've never heard of, or a book that's convinced me that I should freshen up on my German, even though I don't speak German.Upon checking out, the cashier always has something to say about my purchases as if he's read them all- "Oh, I think you'll find Hewitt to be a very clever character" with a knowing smirk.And let it be known, it seems like the place that would never have what you're specifically looking for, but everytime, it never fails to reach into its mess and pull out the exact book I'm looking for.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2007,2/16/2008,148,270,29,17,25>I took My Favorite Yelp Celebrity here for fine dining.  Sadly, you Dear Reader (and for purposes of this review) just haven't earned Most Honored And Favorite Super-Yelper status, else I'd have finessed The Front Porch's high-end take on soul food  down your palette instead of hers. When I take YOU out to dinner (notice I said "when", because I'll get to you all, and that's a promise) that means that you's straight-up my Never-ending Big Balling Yelper Of Eternity. That night. But I digress.[[SF/X: Patsy Cline, Walkin' After Midnight]]If the Front Porch is offering some stank, skanky vegetable, all candied up and slathered in bacon, get it. Don't sleep. They turn funky old green vegetables into a donkey ride to heaven. Though they no longer offer their roasted candied brussel sprouts as a starter, I get an email alert  when they're back in season. I could eat them like bon-bons, all slick in a silk robe watching daytime soaps while part-time models serve me deliciously stinky brussel sprouts. They keep a 40 oz. of King Cobra on the spirits list. For the life of me I can't figure what food would go with King Cobra (too masking, even for grits and greens, though probably perfect with their corn-shaped corn bread appetizers), I opt instead for the Persephone, a bio-dynamic or whatever hard cider with pomegranite juice and fruit. Sangria style cider. Not too sweet and I think I smell newly-mown grass. "Get the part-time models back here, we've filled another tray".Rumor has it their shake 'n' bake recipe sits safely in a locked vault in a satellite orbiting 1000s of miles above the bayou. The best shake 'n' bake I've ever had. It should be called shank 'n' bake, because it will mess you up.Next time I come here, I hereby carve in stone that I'll try whatever the vegan special is and drink tons of their juice-box wine. Also, that while I am enjoying my vegan special I will tenaciously bum some of YOUR fried chicken. So it is written!
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2008,2/15/2008,591,426,30,22,21>All of my girlfriends have birthdays.  Isn't that weird!?!?So this has become my go-to gift at my go-to flower stand with my go-to flower girl.She is like the working girl's Martha Stewart.  Usually bundled up with a cigarette in hand, this flower dynamo lays them out for me to play them out.The selection is tops, and I love me some pinks, yellows and oranges, of which there are usually amazing selections.She always lets me choose my color palette and then away she goes, picking, snipping and arranging.I have a rep now for bringing the pretty and the girls are usually waiting for their turn as I am over giving gift cards and what not, when flowers are so much more enjoyable.Wouldn't you rather get gorgeous flowers than some useless trinket you'd like to return anyway?Although it would probably make you feel bad to get such an amazing, thoughtful bouquet when last year you gave me daisies.  From Safeway.  With the price tag still on them.What?!?  I'm just saying.  It should.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2007,2/14/2008,35,27,13,23,17>When I moved back to San Francisco, this place soon became my alternate "home" (don't tell my mama -- she'd be ired to hear that!).  I moved into lower Pacific Heights and the first thing I saw on the security gate was a pink menu flyer for Wok Shop.  Starving and exhausted, we didn't have the energy to even walk to the corner for what was claimed as king of falafal.  So we took a chance and ordered in.  Within minutes, we were devouring a feast.  The prices were great, no MSG, and the woman who took our order helped us with suggestions.  (Later found out she's the owner and her name is Nancy.)  Cut to nine months later.  And at least bi-weekly visits from Peter, who delivers for Wok Shop.  We try something new occasionally, but have a few basics that are too good to ignore, including the mango chicken, mongolian beef, and pot stickers.  The hot and sour soup has real healing properties (I don't want the FDA coming down on me for this, but it's true.)  The quality is fresh and the meats are carefully cut so they are always tender and succulent.   If we are eating in the restaurant, I like to order the sesame beef or chicken, however, because it is best sizzling hot straight out of the wok, and not overly-saucy, it really doesn't travel well and I don't recommend it for delivery unless you are already familiar with it, so you know what you're getting and like it that way.  Service is always so prompt and we love chatting with Nancy, who couldn't be nicer.  When we have friends in and want to go out, we eat at the restaurant.  It is big, and the tables aren't right on top of each other, as they are at Eliza's.  There's never a wait for a table, even with a big group.  The prices are easy on the wallet.  And at times, Nancy has comped us a bottle of wine or soft drinks, and one night, some incredible green tea ice cream, which I had never tried before (not bad, but an acquired taste to be sure).  I noted a previous review where someone had a bad experience, and encourage her to give Nancy another try -- or stick with Panda Express.  She could have just been ordering on a total off day, or maybe she herself was having a bad hair day, but in all their deliveries over the past nine months, I couldn't be happier, or more pleased to award five stars to such a deserving restaurant.  I know what I'm talking about.  Prior to moving back to SF I lived in the Chinatown section of Boston, where I tried virtually every type of Chinese food imaginable.  None of them can compare with Wok Shop for flavor, freshness, variety, or quality.  I would have died if I'd had a Wok Shop when I was there.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,10/9/2014,611,342,26,29,27>It's my bachelor party night and my boys wanna start the night with dinner before bachelor party activities. We are all carnivores and require lots of meat to jump start the inner caveman within us. What better place than House of Prime Rib!21 day aged beef, slow cooked about 3 to 4 hours, creating a tender, extremely juicy, flavorful cut of man beef! We all order the King Henry VII cut! The largest cut on the menu. I paired my prime rib with creamed corn and loaded baked potato. Accompanying my prime rib is also their moist and tender Yorkshire pudding!Our chef comes out with his prime rib cart and starts slicing up all of our king cuts. It's a sight in itself watching him prepare our prime rib. Seeing him slice it up is almost like teasing us! We want it now! Once all of our plates are served, my boys and I all join hands and thank the meat gods for the slab of beef with which we are about to devour! We all then raise our fork and knives and at the same time slam down to the table with A big shout of BEEF! In unison!The beef is out of this world amazing. Tender and juicy and soaked in Au jus! Every slice of the meat is like cutting in to soft butter. I tear off a piece of the Yorkshire pudding and soak up the Au Ju! Heavenly! After we all finished our King Henry cuts. We all got another slice of prime rib! Not the  same size but a good simple slice. We all devour it and our inner caveman has come out! We are now ready to conquer the city and all it's sin! What a great way to start a bachelor party night!
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,10/8/2014,934,838,25,31,29>When I first heard that Bushi-Tei had closed down, I was actually a bit sad.  Not because I'd miss them, but because I had heard they were good and I never got to try them!  After my first bite of Waraku's ramen though, I can't say I cared as much.  While it may be a bummer that Bushi-Tei is gone, it's not so bad knowing a pretty solid izakaya has taken its place!Although the restaurant still bears some of Bushi-Tei's "finer" touches, Waraku's menu tells a different story.  The adage "you get what you pay for" truly applies to izakayas in SF, but Waraku does a pretty good job of putting out good food at reasonable prices.  With an assortment of izakaya staples to choose from, we were able to order a several dishes without killing our wallets.-- SEAWEED SALAD...$3.50 (small)(yelp.com/biz_photos/wara…)My friend ordered this thinking he'd get a bowl of wakame but literally got seaweed and salad.  Although I think he would have preferred just wakame, at least the salad tasted okay and that the portion was fair for the money.-- CHICKEN KARAAGE...$5.00(yelp.com/biz_photos/wara…)To be honest, it's hard not to order Karaage when I try new Japanese places.  In this case, it was decent, though not spectacular.  The chicken could have been seasoned more (hence the aioli?), but the pieces were large and had a nice, thin batter.-- TAKOYAKI (with Cod Roe and Mayonnaise)...$6.00(yelp.com/biz_photos/wara…)Of the three they offered (points for variety), we opted for this one specifically for the cod roe.  While the taste was spot on, we actually thought the sauce, mayo, and roe was a bit much texturally.  Still, it was a pretty solid offering, though I'm curious as to how the regular takoyaki is. -- TONKOTSU RAMEN with Chashu, Green Onions, Bamboo Shoots, Kikurage Mushrooms, Bean Sprouts, and Smoked Egg...$9.00(yelp.com/biz_photos/wara…)Overall, it was pretty good.  The noodles had a nice consistency (perhaps a bit chewy), there was a decent amount of toppings, and the Buta Kuni (+$3.00) was deliciously tender.  The broth needed a little more body, but it was still rather flavorful.  Sadly, the egg was a little disappointing - the yolk was nice, but I didn't get any of the smokiness.Although more and more izakaya joints seem to be sprouting up in SF, I'm surprised more haven't opened around Japantown before Waraku (and Izakaya Kou).  Between the food, prices, and friendly service, perhaps they'll stick around.  They don't approach the likes of Chotto or Izakaya Sozai, but they're way ahead of spots like Izakaya Ju-Ku.  Plus, they helped me forget about missing out on Bushi-Tei!  Well, mostly.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,10/7/2014,541,231,8,14,13>I took my parents here because they adore French food, and the atmosphere here is great for a date night or "impress the parents" night.  This is a lovely, quaint French bistro that has cramped seating in the indoor area, which definitely captures that "Parisian vibe".  I had the trout with dauphine potatoes, and it was so flaky, tender, with a delicious sauce, and the potatoes were like mashed morsels of heaven.  My parents had the french onion soup, which was very cheesy and flavorful, the scallop entree and the lobster entree with puff pastry.  The puff pastry on top of the lobster dish was so flaky, buttery, just amazing, I highly recommend.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2013,10/6/2014,502,594,12,22,15>I had dinner at Momiji during this week and was very pleased with the restaurant. I tried the: -- Kakuni Don: Very flavorful and tender pork with green onion over fluffy rice.  if you aren't craving ramen, get a large order of this. We ordered a small bowl but they do offer this without rice if you're watching the carbs.-- Takoyaki: Tasty, with big chunks of octopus. Exterior is crispy and interior is fluffy. -- Spicy Miso Ramen + Spicy Tonkotsu Ramen: The highlight of the bowls was the noodles which were smooth, slightly thick with a bite to them. The spicy miso broth had good miso flavor and was much spicier than the spicy tonkotsu broth as it was speckled with lots of red pepper. I thought the spicy tonkotsu broth was good but I thought it could have had more pork essence. Service was very friendly and I swear the entire restaurant staff said thank you when we left which I appreciate. There isn't a ton of seating and although there was only one other customer slurping up his bowl of noodles when we got there around 5:30, it sure starting filling up just a few minutes after we sat down. I think folks are catching on to this place, even this little girl who just put a smile on my face. Her mom was taking a look at the menu posted outside and the little girl stepped part way in to Momiji, took a look around and tugged her mom's arm saying, "mommy, let's eat here. let's eat here, mommy. mommy, I wanna eat here." I know exactly how that little girl felt, and lucky for her, mommy said okay. Hours posted on the front during my visit:M-F: 11:30-2:30pm / 4:30-9:30pmSat: 11:30-9:30pmSun: 11:30-9:00pm
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,10/5/2014,665,259,14,10,10>CrossFit workout just crushed me. Driving home, ravenous. Need tasty protein. Enter Hot Sauce and Panko, a relatively new wing spot and hot sauce shop in the hood just 3 blocks away. 10+ types of wings, went for the Korean Fried. 15 minute wait? All good, dropped into Swig next door for a craft beer. Picked up my wings (9, they say at least 8 for small order), finished half the wings (4) on the walk back to the car, finished the other half (5) driving three blocks home using me knee to steer. Don't tell my CHP brother. Needless to say it was delicious. Crispy, tender, juicy, sweet, spicy. This place is going to be very, very dangerous for me. And now my keyboard is covered with gochujang (Korean Hot Paste). Everything is awesome.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2014,10/4/2014,304,690,10,16,14>Marlowe took me by surprise. I expected it to be another SOMA restaurant, pompous and overhyped. But it was a great dining experience, accompanied by great service.Crispy Brussels Sprout Chips. Love brussels sprouts, but never tried them as chips. I liked them, although it was a tad oily. Also the leaves were tiny, which made it difficult to eat. Ended up using fork and knife and scooping them into large bites. Despite that, tasty and addictive.Marlowe Burger. Lived up to its reputation. The meat was delicious. My friend and I ordered medium rare, and so I was able to taste the freshness and quality of the beef. Along with the bacon and horseradish, it was a nicely done burger!Grilled Niman Pork Chop. Hands down, this was the star. I'm still salivating thinking about it. The cut, the seasoning, the grilling, it was the most flavorful and tender pork chop I've ever had in my life. The restaurant was dark. My friends repeatedly shined a light at the dish so I can time and again confirm that I wasn't eating steak. Wow, I never knew. Thank you Marlowe for changing my view on pork!The service was excellent as well. Our water was constantly filled. Napkins were fold when we were up and about. Plates were promptly cleared and replaced. And the staff was so friendly and courteous. Great time at Marlowe! =)
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2014,10/3/2014,288,285,10,14,12>On the rare occasion when the culinary stars aline, walk-ins to the hottest restaurants in town are possible. Last Saturday, during the height of the weekend dinner rush, I was able to walk-in to Tosca at 7pm and score a table of 4. Dont ask me how. Maybe I can be that persuasive? ;)I was ECSTATIC to eat here because I had just finished Season 2 of Mind of Chef" on Netflix and was really impressed with April Bloomfield's cooking style: fresh ingredients done simply or honest ingredients in unforgettable dishes. The food lived up to my expectations and I really enjoyed my meal here:The standouts:-Crispy pig tails: One of those dishes that are so good that you think, man, why hasn't someone done this before? A classic example of throw away bits that you can re-purpose into delicious dishes. Crunchy coating, succulent fat, and the carnal experience of eating with your hands and gnawing fat and cartilage from bone. So satisfying.-Rigatoni: One taste of this dish and you understand why Mario Batali flew her out from London to New York and offered her a job that day. This British girl knows her Italian. So simple, so delicious. -Roasted chicken for 2 in marsala and ricotta bread: I wasn't a fan of the soggy ricotta bread under the roasted chicken, but the chicken itself and the marsala sauce was delicious. Moist, juicy, flavorful chicken and silky, decadent marsala sauce mingling with the jus of the chicken. Comfort food brought to another level. -Crispy potatoes in pork fat: the perfect accompaniment to the roasted chicken. Perfectly crispy and slightly salty on the outside and creamy on the inside. Slight notes of herb. Pretty good:-Grilled polenta with mushrooms, mascarpone, and parmesan-Artichokes in oil, red wine vinegar, aioli, mint and oreganoPass: -Oxtail terrine: strange dish for me. Cold, identifiable gelatinous substance solidified around meager chunks of oxtail.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2014,10/2/2014,78,86,12,22,14>Honestly, with close to 4,000 reviews I don't think there is much I can add. I'm sure everything has been covered, talked about, mentioned, detailed, discussed, updated, and observed. So I'll try my best to not become repetitive. Gary Danko is in the Russian Hill neighborhood of San Francisco, down the street (East) of North Beach district Broadway area and up the street (West) from the Fisherman's Wharf Pier 39 area. Classy establishment. Excellent service and attentive waitstaff. Options are Tasting Menu or 3,4,5 course a la carte. I opted for the 3 course a la carte. Appetizer was Risotto with Dungeness Crab, Gulf Shrimp, Shimeji Mushrooms, Roasted Tomatoes and Corn. Risotto was cooked and prepared perfectly. Texture of the Risotto was "right on" and the combination of fresh seafood made the dish fantastic. Entree was the Roasted Pork Tenderloin with Pork Belly, Carmelized Onions, Peaches, Romano Beans, and Smoked Ham Hocks. Tender Pork paired with the Pork Belly was heavenly. Just a beautiful combination of delight. Smoked Ham Hocks provided a unique pallet transformation from the Pork and Pork Belly. Quite delicious. Dessert was Strawberry Souffle with Strawberry Sauce and Strawberry Sorbet.I admit a very sweet dessert. If you have a sweet tooth like me then this dessert might be right up your alley. Strawberry Sauce is rich but not overwhelmingly rich. Extensive wine list and cocktail menu.  Something for all preferences. I opted for a Woodford Reserve Sour, actually 2, which were outstanding. Kudos to you bartender. In summary Gary Danko is San Francisco fine dining at it's finest. I was confident and justified with giving Gary Danko 4 stars, but after detailing my dining experience and reminiscing on how much I was smiling like a kid in the candy store I realized 5 stars is the accurate rating. Just a great overall experience. I would definitely recommend to anyone who is looking for a nice restaurant to celebrate a special occasion or family gathering. Quick useful tips. Valet is $12.00. Pay inside. You can add valet to your bill. Give server your valet slip and your car will be waiting for you outside. Reservations need to be made 2 months to the date of your desired dinner reservation. For example if you would like dinner reservations for December 1st you would need to call Gary Danko October 1st and make reservations. Same process as French Laundry.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2014,10/1/2014,202,391,6,14,12>Roam Artisan Burgers isn't your usual classic burger place. They take their burgers to a whole new level by using different meat (ie: bison and elk). However, for my first visit, I stuck with a traditional beef patty.A friend and I shared the "Sunny Side" and "French and Fries" style burgers, as well as the Fry-Fecta and a hazelnut chocolate (seasonal) milkshake. A complete meal, full of grease and deliciousness, satisfied the both of us.Be sure to grab plenty of napkins, as Roam's burgers are very messy to eat. The beef patties on both our burgers were cooked to a nice and juicy medium. The Sunny Side burger was a slight disappointment, mainly because the egg was cooked thoroughly, thus lacking the beauty of a runny, gooey yolk. But the juicy caramelized onions made up for it. The French and Fries burger was salty from the Parmesan fries, and rich from the gruyere cheese and avocado. The dijon mustard spread was a little too much, because a strong vinegary flavor was all I could taste in some bites.For first-timers at Roam, I recommend the Fry-Fecta, which is a reasonable portion of all three of Roam's fries: classic medium/thick-cut russet potato, sweet potato, and zucchini onion haystack. And if you have a sweet-tooth, order a milkshake as well. They're thick, creamy, and so good! You're likely to be given your milkshake first, so try to avoid the immediate sugar rush by drinking all of the shake before your burger arrives at your table.Service was friendly, and food took a reasonable amount of time to prepare after ordering, especially given how crowded the restaurant was on a weekend at noon. If the weather is nice, sit outside or at least near the open windows. The place is a little rustic with wooden tables and metal chairs, yet still retain a homey-feel. Roam also has an online-ordering system, for those who prefer to take their food to-go or to avoid the crowds.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,9/30/2014,698,242,12,11,12>Arinell was my sole pizza salvation when I transplanted here over a decade ago.  For a town that prides itself on cuisine, I couldn't believe how lackluster its offerings were on the pizza front.  Fuck deep dish at Zachary's across the Bay, I just wanted a bomb East Coast slice at the time.Arinell fit the bill. It's an authentic NYC-style slice.  And nothing has changed much over the years.  Place is still run by charming stoners who look like they were doubles from the Wayne's World sequel that never got made.  Prices are still cheap, slices are still delicious and the frills -well, there are none.  This is old school Mission shit right here, son.  No Marina cascade effect here, come correct and don't be talkin' on your cell phone at the register, they will ask you to leave.My standby is two slices of pepperoni with tons of jalapeños on it. Does the trick every time.
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2011,3/8/2012,331,322,9,18,14>It is hard *not* to like a place that serves piping-hot bowls of melted cheese and chocolate.I'll echo some other reviewers in saying this is surprisingly affordable fondue, given what other places charge for a similar setup.We ordered a variety of cheeses, including aged cheddar and gruyere, with the usual dippers: including apples, bread, potatoes, and more. All tasty and more than enough for a ravenous group of nine gossiping ladies at dinnertime.We got a bit excited and knocked over a glass of vino. Our server was great, re-filling her glass higher than it was before the spill and being very gracious about our, um, excitement. I expected to spend a lot more and I'm sure this is partially why I'm so positive. $24 each for more than enough fondue -- three or four savories, two desserts, and a bottle of wine. I started with a glass of red that ran me about $10.Great for a date (each fondue order comfortably serves two) and groups alike.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2011,3/7/2012,872,470,15,18,16>Punjabi by Nature burrito with chicken.  Done.  I'm hooked! This concept is truly brilliant.  Who would've thought putting curry into a burrito would be such a genius idea!?  No wonder people are always patiently lined up here - rain or shine.  Their curry is fully charged with spices and deliciousness, and I promise after one bite, you're not going to want to eat anything else but this.  I find myself craving Curry Up at work, on the Bart, at home, after a long night of drinking (wow, if only they were there during the wee hours), etc.  Try their Deconstructed Samosa.  It's not as filling as the burrito, but still quite filling for its size.     Great, I just made myself extremely hungry....
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,3/6/2012,1602,405,29,25,32>Let me start off by saying that these sandwiches are freakin' HUGE (that's what she said)!!!! You always hear people saying "bigger isn't always better," well in this case BIGGER IS BETTER!Oh btw there is a parking lot BUT it isn't very big and the line (yes, there is a line) is ALWAYS long around lunch. Came here with some friends on a Saturday and we waited in line for a good 15-20 minutes, at one point I was thinking to myself "is this really worth it." Finally it was our turn to order, we got our sammies and headed over to a nearby park to enjoy the beautiful weather and a HUGE sandwich. The first bite was like freakin' heaven!!!!! The dutch crunch bread was toasted perfectly and the garlic spread woke my sleeping taste buds up (HELLOOOO FLAVOR), my mouth is watering right now just thinking about it. They DO NOT skimp on the meat either, I couldn't even get my mouth around this thing (get your mind out of the gutter guys)! I can't wait to come back!! =] Oh and it was totally worth waiting 15-20 minutes.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2011,3/5/2012,102,87,41,29,31>Should I say it?...I'm kinda scared...I don't want to start getting hate mail, broken windows, or slashed tires...But I have to be honest!...I have to let the people know!...Dammit, the people have a right to know!!...Come on, just let it out...everything will be fine...Okay, here goes......*taking a deep breath*Everyone...I have something to tell you.....THE CRISPY FRIED CHICKEN SANDWICH IS BETTER THAN THE CHEESEBURGER!There, I said it!  Whew.  I'm sorry!  I'm sorry!  I know you all love the burger.  And so do I!  But the last 3 times I've been here, I've opted for the chicken sando and I haven't regretted it one bit!  The way the crunchiness of the chicken crust and bacon complement each other, coupled with the savoriness of the aioli sauce make the ingredients of this chicken sandwich such a perfect combination, it's like discovering proof that the world is round or that the sky is blue.  It's eye-opening.  It's awe-inspiring.  And I can truly say, this is the best chicken sandwich I've ever had.I know, comparing a chicken sandwich to a burger is like comparing apples and oranges.  But that's just what I did.  I had half a Marlowe burger and half the chicken sandwich, side-by-side.  I ate the burger half first.  And while I stll hold the Marlowe burger as one of the best burgers out there, my mouth was really waiting to get ahold of that chicken sandwich.  And when it did....ahhhhhhhh.  Lunchtime bliss.Finally...I'm so relieved to get that off my chest.  Yes, the fries are still like crack and I like the upside down peach crisp better than the chocolate cream pie or the lemon souffle cake.  Now if only I could find a place to nap from eating so damn much.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2011,3/4/2012,1428,724,22,29,27>Auntie April is doing it RIGHT!"Auntie April's" is not just a name - April herself is behind the counter serving up her customers with a belly-full of soul food goodness at a price that makes your wallet happy. And the mismatched glasses and cozy couch at the entrance make you feel like you're at a family members' house. We found parking directly in front, early on a Sunday morning. My husband grew up in the area so he only likes to return to this part of Bayview "before the thugs wake up" LOL. All jokes aside, the area is not as bad as it was 10+ years ago, and I hope businesses like Auntie April's continue to change the Bayview for the better. I also love that she employs young people to work for her. Nothing would bother me more than a slew of outsiders flooding the area with businesses, yet not hiring the local people. The menu was enticing but I opted for chicken & waffles (3 wings). The batter was crispy and had a slight spice to it. The waffle was perfection, not to mention it was the size of my entire plate. YES. I will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2011,3/3/2012,464,293,29,12,16>I'm not gonna lie: I went into this place apprehensive. Like many late-20 somethings, I have watched Journey's "Don't Stop Believing" ride what can only be described as a bizarre and douchey rollercoaster from a funny, kinda ironic song everyone sings when they are drunk, into a hackneyed leitmotif for a generation that doesn't know Steve Perry can't even sing anymore because he did so much blow he burnt a hole in his larynx. Basically, I typically avoid entering any establishment or situation where I will be subjected to my 2,458th caterwauling of  "street lights, peeeeopllleeee." Because here's the deal: OF COURSE I sing along. I mean, I like to sing and be drunk and merry and have fun. I just feel like such a douche when I do it. So, I already knew Johnny Foley's Dueling Piano bar involved Journey, along with Bon Jovi, Sweet Caroline (da-da-shut the fuck up) and other Bud Lite sing-along favorites, but I went because my lovely, bossy girlfriend was turning 25 and when it's a friends birthday you are a way bigger douche for not attending the festivities than singing any lame ass song.Turned out to be awesome. The 2 piano players were really good and fun, and they mixed it up pretty well. I also had a push up contest on stage with a 21 year old Marine.3 quick caveats for the five star review: 1. I was wasted so I probably would have had fun at a Bakersfield Jack in the Box, 2. It was Fleet Week so there were a ton of drunken Marines and 3. My friends are awesome.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2011,3/1/2012,1315,471,17,20,20>I really enjoyed our Sunday Brunch here. The vibe is very chill, the atmosphere is upbeat, and the service is truly one of a kind. I would come back just for our server, Philly, who did a great job at personalizing our experience at Farmerbrown's. He was as down to earth as they get; funny, hospitable, and he just makes you feel like you've known him forever. Another thing I'd come back for is their sausage gravy and biscuits! Droooool! Hands down the best gravy I've had in my life and probably the best I'll ever have. It is THAT good. We even had the pleasure of sitting next to the live band. I thought it was going to be a bit too loud, but it was just right, and they played a great variety of R&B which complimented our dining experience perfectly. For less than $20 each for the buffet (including bottomless mimosas) you sure do get your money's worth!I do recommend you have brunch at Farmerbrown's at least once, especially if you like soul food, and try to get a seat in cousin Philly's section (short Filipino dude with long hair). He'll take care of you for sure!
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,2/29/2012,704,190,24,22,17>The best part about this Korean BBQ All-You-Can-Eat joint is not the fact that you can eat all the Korean BBQ meet you want for $19.99 a person. No, the best part is that you are being served by the dreamiest Korean dudes I've ever laid eyes on in California.Our serves were all tall, good-looking, and looked like the amazing byproducts of Korean Pop Star Plastic Surgery. There's just something more delicious about eating Korean marinated meats while watching cheesy choreography-driven K-Pop video and being served by dreamy waiters.The Meats in Order of Goodness:Spicy Pork BellyKal-Bi (short ribs)Beef Brisket (WARNING: They give you a ton of this, but it does cook down to about half its size, so maybe ask for less)Garlic ChickenI really wanted to try the pork skin, but alas - they did not have any that day :(In addition: Make sure to order the "Rice Cake Wrap" - it's white rice wrappers to wrap your slabs of meat in and it really balances out the richness of the meat with its subtly sweet, neutral, cool flavors and texture. (This is USEFUL)Also in addition: Make this restaurant the last stop of the night, because you will smell exactly like smoked BBQ, and nothing else, and will smell that way, until you take a vigorous shower with lots of soap and lather.Third addition: You CAN ask for refills on those ban chan (pre-meal/appetizer) plates, so gets to grubbin!
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2011,2/28/2012,621,355,8,10,11>I hadn't been to Flippers since it was a Cajun restaurant which is a long, long time ago when I moved into (formerly and firmly NOT happening) "Hayes Valley."So with Stacks closed and my 4 yo insisting on a hamburger and milkshake, we headed across the street  to Flippers.They have a bazillion options for what fixins' you want on your burger (I choose the Russian with Swiss cheese and lots of sauteed mushrooms, yummy!) My little one had the child's size cheeseburger - which was the same size as mine except $3 cheaper (nice!)The bubbling fountain in the courtyard kept my little one occupied until his root beer float (served with an extra glass of root beer for refills, a nice touch) and hamburger with curly fries arrived, thus giving me a few minutes to sip my Stella Artois and soak in the beautiful early evening.Service was speedy and friendly but I did have to flag a bit to get the "to-go" containers I first refused (4 year olds, they change their minds likethat). All in all, a solid place for a little city refuge, good service, great burgers and a slice of alfresco dining in the bustle of Hayes Valley.I'd like to try Flippers for brunch and maybe a late-night bite  - and definitely again for an early evening dinner with my 4 yo. Thumbs up.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2011,2/27/2012,56,120,26,19,21>If I found a slider from Muka on the ground in SF I would eat it.  Without hesitation.  It's that amazing. It's juicy and meaty and all kinds of cheese and bread deliciousness.  You can even bring your vegetarian friend (we've all got one) here to partake in the veggie slider.Lucky for me I don't have to eat food off the ground and contract any number of incurable diseases.  Instead I can partake of burgers, desserts (I've only tried the macaroons ... NOM NOM NOM), and libations in a sexy little underground bar.  Yes. I said underground.  Like the kind of super secret underground layer you would have if you were Bruce Wayne. In the future, I will take a guy here on a date just to show off my knowledge of unique places in SF and how classy I am .... until I try to stuff three sliders in my mouth at once.BONUS TIP: There is a burger craze starting in SF (burgers are the new cupcake), so if you want to impress all your foodie friends take them here.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2007,4/7/2008,521,497,18,39,33>Craving a snack, I happened to be in the area and decided to drop in on Okina.  I had heard about the size of the establishment and braced myself for a wait.  Surprisingly, no one was there.  I easily scored a seat at the counter.  It's so true about the sushi chef...expect to be thanked many times over.  He is soooo nice and very skilled in his craft.  The wood counter is used to serve up your sushi...saves on plates and it's also an indication how serious they are about their sushi here.  A quick glance at the wall and you'll see their health inspection card of 100.  It's impeccably clean here with a minimalist design.  To continue with the minimalist concept, their menu is only sushi and sashimi, which suits me fine.  Since I was only snacking, I stuck with ordering nigiri...no maki for me.  I scanned the menu and ordered up my usual fare of amaebi, uni, and hamachi.  I was hoping for some sake (fresh salmon) but all they had was smoked, which surprised me.  I opted for a kani (fresh crab), which out of the nigiri that I ordered, really didn't do it for me.  The fish was very fresh and it easily won me over.  I won't say it was the best that I've had, but it definitely deserves the praise that it gets.  The hamachi was exceptional tonight and I decided to order 2nds.  My gracious host then informed me that he had Toro, which isn't even on the menu.  Having had the worst toro ever at Miyozen in Emeryville, I was looking for someplace to win me over with toro again.  Okina restored my love for toro once again.  Oh, and I did have 2nds of hamachi.  Total cost, $27.50 with TORO!  Next time...sashimi.  Great little not-quite-hole-in-the-wall sushi joint in the Richmond.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/9/2007,4/5/2008,125,141,66,14,22>Don't ask me why I was hanging out on a yacht with a bunch of strippers. It wasn't my idea. But it happened. And then I got hungry. Me: I want to go to that place that everyone says has really good crab!A Stripper: Crustacean?Me: Oh, maybe?Other Strippers: OOOOH Crustacean is the BEST place in the city for crabs!To me, the crab seemed overpriced, especially given the lack of ambiance. It was smothered in sauce, which made it very messy to eat and seemed to cover up the flavor of the crab. But my opinion's not really important here. Clearly the strippers would know the very best place to get crabs...
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2007,4/4/2008,107,47,32,16,21>Pancho Who?No, but seriously, why wait 20 minutes to order at Pancho Villa when El Tonayense is so much better?  And when I say better I mean even if you get it To-Go and don't have a chance to eat it for 15 minutes, it's still better than whatever you could've gotten elsewhere.  San Francisco's Mobile Tacqueria Brigade is a wonder of modern culture.I like to play a little game of "Give me as many Carne Asada tacos as you can fit on the plate."  So what if I've gained 20 lbs. since moving to San Francisco.  There's no correlation, okay?  Shut up.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2008,4/3/2008,196,615,15,17,17>I don't know if it was the good food or the matchless company, but lunch at B44 was fantastic.The setting is nice, but fairly basic (i.e., nothing fancy).  The service was good, reasonably attentive, helpful, and polite.  And prompt.  The food was also good.  My churrasco steak was tender and well-prepared, and the currasco sauce which gives the steak its name was assertive and tangy.  The accompanying fries were nicely crisp, not too oily, thin, and plentiful.As I've remarked before, the fact that human memory functions primarily by association leads to interesting results at times.  One of the more commonly-known results is that the gestalt (or total experience, to slightly misuse one of those wonderful German words which encapsulate an entire sentence in one word) of a particular experience colors how you remember any one element of that experience.  Like that one time when you were taking a road trip with your best friend, all caffinated up and goofy, and the two of you just jammed out to that totally cheesy hair band anthem, the one you ordinarily would never be caught dead listening to.  And even to this day, you sorta like the song.  See, the joy of the situation has colored your judgment about that hideous piece of glam rock crap.Restaurants are particularly susceptible to the phenomenon, because people seldom go to a restaurant alone.  And so, to a greater or lesser extent, our estimation of that restaurant is colored by our enjoyment of the meal as whole, including our fellow diners.  If your friends are funny, witty, amusing, etc., you walk away from the meal liking the restaurant better than you would if your friends that day were boring, depressing, pissed or gloomy.  Fair to the restaurant?  Absolutely not.  But a reality which must be confronted.  (And, from a statistical perspective, a restaurant should be equally likely to attract happy, funny people as to attract depressing, grumpy people, so it should all even out, unless there's something about the restaurant which appeals to certain types of people, in which case the restaurant still deserves whatever it gets.)So, while fully aware that my estimate of the restaurant might be overly generous, influenced as it is by the high quality of my company that day, I give B44 4 stars.  Besides, as any sociologist would be happy to tell you, while we may be aware of the influences which bias us, we are powerless to combat them, even if we admit them and confront them.  That's just how the human mind works.Thus endth the restaurant review and liberal arts lecture.  Exits are in the back.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2008,4/2/2008,113,264,28,29,26>I overpaid and I am not being a total grouch about it.  Lemme explain...So everyone knows about their pretty slick deal of 3-courses for $38 and it isn't just on Tuesdays or before 6:00pm.  It's every day, any time.  French food usually isn't that affordable.  So you think... ok they must use rancid butter, clumpy cream, and they serve faux gras.  No, no!Anyways, I was really eager to come here after so many great recs.  The waiter told us the specials and the only real thing I chose to hear was "Blah blah foie gras! bleh foofyblah..." I didn't hear the part that it was an extra $6 if you wanted to apply it to the prix fixe.  Oh well, who cares, it was foieckin' delicious!  Caramelized, crispy fat basically sums up the texture.  The waiter eagerly came by and recommended a dessert wine that married perfectly with the richness of the foie.  I agreed to a taste.After doing so, my friends were laughing so hard... "Chris!  Omg, you should totally see your face.  You have THE biggest smile right now."  It was entirely involuntary.  Same way a doc taps your knee for a reflex, good food knocks a big grin to my face!The waiter continued to encourage me that this was so great and I felt very obliged to have a 2nd helping.  My entree was just as decadent .  I had the king of cuts - Filet Mignon!  Oh wow, a filet on a $38 prix fixe.  Excellent.  It was a tad salty and wasn't quite luscious like my past experiences and would have preferred it moo'ing a little bit more. The bill comes... omfg... someone give me a chainsaw, it's gonna cost my left arm!  Like the foie gras, I failed to read that it is another extra $6 for the filet mignon (only item with that exception).  I should have known!  But with good food, I practically have horse blinders on.  And then... I really felt my teeny sample of the dessert wine was complimentary... like I thought it was just a kind gesture from Chapeau! that good food should be experienced this way.  But no another $6 gets tacked on for that small sample.  And I had a half of a half bottle of wine... $15 (for HALF of a HALF!!!)  So carry the 1, multiply by 2, and add my left arm, I paid about $80 just for me alone.Had the food been crap and the servers not as darling as they were, I would have protested at least over that sneeky dessert wine.  But damn you all for preparing such a lovely meal.  I will come back and really read and hear the menu.  I will bring exactly $47.41 ($38 + 8.5% + 15%) to assure that I don't have to fork over my right arm the next go around.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2008,4/1/2008,298,160,33,29,36>I'm a name-dropper. I'll admit it. I've rubbed elbows with many A, B, C, and even D list celebrities my whole life and usually the experiences have made for pretty good stories (remind me to tell you the one about the aging British pop star who told me drunkenly in his Liverpudlian accent that he'd leave his wife for me. The key word here is *drunkenly*). Anyway, although they may seem more glamorous, they're just people, right? I mean, come on now, big deal.When I moved back to the area after being overseas for years, I stayed at the parentals' abode in the Napa Valley for a spell to get things together. I'm an avid runner, so whilst staying there, I took the opportunity to run about on the picturesque country lanes. And, to make a long story short, Robert Redford and his jack russell terrier do too. Although we don't really chat, we've seen each other often enough out there to now be able to enjoy a greeting along the lines of "Hey, buddy, what's up, good to see you again, lovely day for a run, isn't it?"So, anyway, why did I tell you that boring little story about running with Robert Redford? Well, I didn't really have a reason, other than to name-drop, and well, duh, Robert Redford started Sundance. So, um, yea, that's why.Anyway, Robert Redford touches stuff and it turns to gold (except for "Lions for Lambs" but I blame Tom Cruise for that one). Sundance Kabuki is awesome. It's a divine movie-going experience. The chairs are like first class plane seats, and I don't know about you, but I prefer lounging all alone in my big super deluxe chair to being make-out possible close to the person next to me. There's a bar in there, which is a most excellent idea, particularly on date-night. The parking garage is super tiny and built for mini cars, but it's doable. And with a validation, it's super cheap. The popcorn is delicious with real butter, and there's bamboo loveliness on the walls. All in all, many awesome touches. And the films they show are spectacular, usually. A lovely respite from much of the mainstream garbage ("10,000 B.C." you know I'm looking at you).
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2008,3/31/2008,619,439,33,47,46>I'm going to let you in on a little secret... You don't have to wait hours and brave long lines to get good Burmese food in EssEff. Mandalay is better than Burma Superstar. While their styles are a little different, you'll have a much better dining experience at Mandalay. More parking. Rarely the lines you see at Burma. Bigger dining room = more tables = less crowded = better service = you don't feel like you're rushed because there are 372 other people waiting to get in = a better dining experience. So what if you trade off a little bit of better tasting food for dining in comfort? It's still good. Totally worth it! Last time I was able to make friends with the 4 year old cutie at the table next to ours, trade toddler experiences with her parents, and enjoy a lovely meal with friends. That my friends, is not possible at Burma.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2008,3/30/2008,339,252,15,18,22>Yogi the chihuahua was invited to ft. "fun"ston today for his girlfriend Roxie the Doxie's birthday/adoption day, and i don't know who had more fun - him or me.  first of all, it was a GORGEOUS day, beautiful clouds, a few rain drops but not enough to soak us, just enough to make us appreciate the sunshine that followed, lots of people and dogs, hang gliders, and huge waves that made me feel as small as the chihuahua running next to me.i've only let yogi off leash in an unsecured area a few times because his foster mom had said he was a little houdini, but his lady friend stays close to mom and dad, and i was hoping he'd stay close to his lady so i let him go.  first thing he did was run out in to the parking lot and i frantically chased him around cars and other dogs, heart pounding (i think he thought me chasing him was a game), but then he ran out from under a car and i grabbed him and gave him a little tug on his neck and he seemed to listen to me after that - and we had a great great day. i have never seen Yogi so happy, side by side w/ his Roxie, chasing birds, getting chased in turn by seafoam, avoiding the lapping waves (he doesn't like water too much), running like the freakin' wind!  i tried to keep up with him but i couldn't.  and one time i turned around, and yogi was IN THE WATER!  WOOHOO!  i finally have my beach dog!  we ran along the beach for what seemed like miles and miles of beautful coastline, and stayed until the sun started to go down.  we hiked up in the trails around the ice plants and dunes, and as we neared the parking lot, got buzzed by a hang glider (i almost dropped down on my belly, it freaked me out).  we stood at the top of the hill to catch our breaths and enjoy the views, the beautiful sun between the clouds and the hang glider soaring through the sun's rays.  breathtaking.  simply breathtaking.i used to come down here in high school to drink beers and have bonfires with my buddies, but it has such a different meaning to me now - it's one of the places that makes me so happy that i was born in this beautiful city, and that i came back here to stay. it's a place where you can drive only a few miles and feel like you're far far away from city life, where you can catch your breath, and let your dog enjoy being a dog.a true amusement park for dogs and people alike.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2007,3/29/2008,440,185,27,18,25>Eating out with my parents is always a challenge.  Eating sushi with my parents is like running through a gauntlet on American Gladiators - pure chaos, humongous (though heavily padded) weapons, and lots of senseless yelling.  Love you mom and dad, but you're crazy and together we bring craziness to a new level.  The fact that our family knows fresh fish makes it very very difficult at certain times, like sushi-eating times.So here's what Hama-Ko looks like to the non-crazies.  An 8-table mom-and-pop sushi restaurant open for 23 years in Cole Valley.  No sign outside, homey decor, no music, a clientelle of neighborhood regulars.  The wife waits the tables and the husband makes the sushi.  It's a no-bullshit menu - just nigiri, sashimi, and some simple 2-ingredient, max, rolls.And then there's the crazies' perspective.  "45 f'in minutes?!!"  (yes, my dad is a teensy bit of a potty mouth - in Cantonese - and I'm already toning down what he said)  We were already seated, but we couldn't even place our order until the rest of the tables had gotten their food, which coming from the one elderly gentleman behind the counter, was understandably going to take a little while.  "Give me 2 sakes and a large beer," he orders, passive-aggressively complaining that the service is too slow by doubling his drink order.  (No one else is drinking).  Well, except my mom who asks for the fifth time, "Can I have some of your sake, Daddy?"  "No, you drink too much!"  "No I don't!" "Yes you do!"  "No I don't!" Back and forth for a while between my mother, the 5-foot tall asian lady with zero tolerance for alcohol and my dad who's innately  a couple decibels too loud.  Perfect.The nigiri finally come, and the Hamachi-toro is AMAZING.  +1 star!  THANK GOD.  If the food sucked after waiting for an hour to order, my dad would have lost it.  The uni, tho I don't eat uni, is unanimously the highlight.   "Well, of course, this is the one place in the world where you can eat uni with abandon.  It all comes from northern california." Says my brother who is a little fishing-obsessed (the guy has a FoodSaver and a freezer just for the fish he catches).  Well, THANK GOD again though no plus or minuses on stars here since good uni is assumed I guess.So thanks Hama-Ko for having pretty damn good fish and saving me and yourselves from even more of a scene.  The one criticism my parents walked away with was the rice.  The rice is the de-facto sign of a great sushi chef, and it was hard and flavorless.  I actually had to agree with my parents - for once - even though the sweet old couple running the place totally won my heart.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2007,3/28/2008,236,160,29,44,30>LIVE ALASKAN KING CRABS was the first thing I saw when I walked into this restaurant. Holy crap, I thought they only come dead, cooked and frozen!I was waiting for a long time for a place that's worthy for my 100th review. During my dining experience here, I knew this was it!-----RESTAURANT-----1.) This place is CLEAN. Their live seafood tanks - crystal clear, out in the open, and lighting; you know these people have nothing to hide! Just be cautious on your way to the bathroom, their tanks are there and the floor will be wet. I almost slipped when I was trying to take pictures of the Alaskan King crabs! 2.) They ask us what kind of complimentary tea we'd like. Kudos for not just having one default tea. Their teapots are placed on a candle-lit platform to keep it hot. Niiiice.3.) When we asked to get a couple things boxed up, they did it for us! And they don't come in those typical "have a nice day," or "Thank you" white plastic bags. They're lavender with personalized gold lettering!4.) The waiters and waitresses wear these nifty traditional Chinese clothing. It makes them look clean and fancy. I like that because it shows that they're not just here to take our order and refill our teapots.-----SERVICE-----A lot of people know that Chinese restaurants = bad service. But the wait staff here actually provide good service!1.) Before you have a live fish/crustacean to be slaughtered for your meal, they will bring it out in a bucket to show you that yes, it is alive. They will also tell you how they weigh before they get your approval.2.) Wait staff actually comes around to ask if everything is good. Most Chinese restaurants do not do that.3.) They ask you if you want them to separate the bones from the fish for you. Thank God they offer this service because every time I try to do this, it gets ultra messy.-----FOOD-----OHMYGOD their food is so damn good. I don't give a ***** about what other people say about their food. I am Chinese.1.) Coral Trout - YOU MUST ORDER THIS if you want to know the meaning of living life. Make it steamed in soy sauce. You'll thank me later.2.) Fish Soup - We requested them to throw in the fish head, fins, etc. into a soup. They cook it in mushrooms, tofu, vegetables and ginger for flavoring. Then it is strained before serving. The soup was surprisingly good! Although, I thought it was weird that they put all the leftover strained stuff on a separate plate for us, who would eat that?3.) Beef in XO Sauce - I couldn't get enough of this one! The beef is so tender, the seasoning and sauce is perfect. You have no idea how hard I had to try to share this with my friends.4.) Braised Tofu with Vegetables: Thick on the outside, soft and tender on the inside. I loved the tofu! It comes with mushrooms and bok choy and again, the sauce they cook it in..... delicious!I give this place 5 stars because compared to other Chinese restaurants, they go an extra mile to do things that other Chinese places don't. Good service, clean tanks, and tasty food!
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2008,1/21/2009,448,188,79,50,64>This is a picture of me after eating cilantro- yelp.com/user_photos?use… Obviously, I'm allergic.  Yet I risk life and looks just to have one of these bad boys.  They're that good.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2008,1/19/2009,1567,497,116,67,75>I woke up this morning with scraped elbows and a chocolate-covered marshmallow cookie stuck to my face.I removed the cookie from my cheek and ate it, which is one perk of sleeping alone, and looked at the clock.  Terrific, I groaned, I'm late for work.But then I remembered that everyone from my office was at Slide last night boozing it up with me, which is like immunity on Survivor.Hungover, I rode the train to work and tried not to throw up on a little girl who was wiggling her loose tooth.  Then I noticed the scrapes on my elbows.  *************What did I do last night?**********Slide has a huge metal slide near the entrance, that gives you a trashy and lazy, albeit dangerous, way of bypassing the stairs.  I love things that are trashy, and lazy, and dangerous - just look at my dating history.   My shoes finished first, followed by my skirt, with my body coming in third.  Cross your legs to avoid giving the boys a free show.  Hi Mom.Fun dance crowd, great DJ, gorgeous people.  Can't think of anywhere cooler to go on Thursday nights.  Be careful, though, because if you aren't on the list and it's a Donovan party, then you won't be allowed in. donovansf.com  If you're a guy, it's best to bring a girl with you.  Some of my guy friends were unable to get in, so I grabbed some cute girls off the street and told them we'd pay for their drinks all night.  Instant respect.  Which I promptly lost on the slide of death.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2008,1/18/2009,274,1482,32,33,50>For my 900th review, I am going to dedicate it to my favorite author of all time... Haruki Murakami! When I was in middle school, I randomly ordered books from Japanese authors. I thought by doing that, I would somehow be brought closer to my peoples. Um yeah.. So anyways... One of the books I ordered was "A Wild Sheep Chase". I remember finishing it and thinking, this is the weirdest book that I've ever read. It was way too over the top for my 14 year old brain.  But it stuck with me. The book. The story. The author... 12 years later and I'm still reading Haruki Murakami novels and shorts. At this point, could have read every single book that he has written, but I'm refraining from doing so. I don't want to run out of books to read. And since I'm not the type to reread books, I especially want to take my time and space out the books I read by him. I even seriously thought about learning Japanese just so that I could read his other books that haven't been translated. Forget the fact that I am half Japanese and I should learn it anyway. I just want to be able to read his books. Yeah, he's that awesome. So I heard that he was doing a public speaking event. I don't know why, but I shrugged it off thinking I'll either buy tickets the week of, or just show up at the venue. HA! Boy was I wrong. Tickets were sold out way in advance. My dreams were shattered. I would not be able to see his public speaking event. I was reading all of the posts on the Yelp Event tab about others who also weren't able to get tickets. Just as I was about to give up hope and close that Safari window, I saw something about a book signing... Errrrrrrrrrrrrrrk.... Whoa.. What?! Dan V was the one who mentioned it. I immediately pm'd him and he confirmed that yes, Haruki Murakami will be signing books on Sunday. I'm sooooo there I told him... Sunday comes. I get my book ready. Hop on my scooter and scoot myself over to Nob Hill. After lunch, me and the other Murakami Fanatic (Omar-san!) and our groupies (:-P) walk over to Books Inc. on Van Ness. The book signing started at 3pm and it was only 1:30pm, but we wanted to be first in line. Um... That didn't happen... By the time we got there, at 1:45pm, there were already about 100 people in line and we were at the back of the line, wrapped around the corner from the book store. We jump in line with Dan and then some others join us. We just chit chat. Passing the time. Everyone is showing off their special editions and 1st editions of past Murakami works. Waiting... Waiting... Waiting... Finally 3pm rolls around and the line begins to move a little, but not much. Close to 4pm, I stand in line only 10 feet away from Haruki-san himself... My palms are sweaty. I'm extremely nervous. I just stand there and watch Omar talking to him and hope that I'll have the same amount of courage to at least say hello. It's my turn. I'm waved up to the table. Haruki-san looks up at me and smiles. He says hello. Asks me how I'm doing. I'm sure he says that to everyone, but just the tone of voice makes it seem very genuine. He also seems just as nervous as I am. He signs my book. Shakes my hand and tells me it was a pleasure to meet me. All I managed to say was. "Hi." "Nice to meet you too." and "Thanks". Nothing else. Not something cool like what Omar was saying. Just normal pleasantries. But it doesn't matter at all, because after 12 years of reading this man's work, I got to meet him face to face and shake his hand!!!!!!!!! Thank you Books Inc for making this happen.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2008,1/17/2009,130,305,22,20,19>It's like somebody told you to go to the corner of 16th and Sanchez because there was a unicorn there. Seriously, a really beautiful unicorn with flowing, rainbow colored hair n' everything! You just HAVE to go see the unicorn... right there... on 16th and Sanchez. Would you believe the hype?Well, I did and today, we decided to drive all the way to San Francisco for yes, one of the best sandwiches ever. I mean, how could we not? It was Ike's birthday after all and Misty had bought him a princess balloon n' everything! Ike et Co. are amazing people. Heck, I was only standing there for maybe 5 minutes and I think the only words I said to Ike were, "Ex-Boyfriend" (darling name of the sandwich I ordered) and "Happy Birthday" BUT STILL I could tell that they were amazing people. They had to be to make sandwiches bursting with that much love. Like many other Yelpers, I can't wait to go back. I'm jealous of my friend Misty who A) lives a block away, B) may get a sandwich named after her, and C) got to eat an Ike-made sandwich 3x this week already. On the other hand, I love my friend Misty for introducing me to this gem of a gem of gem. LOOK OUT! I'm going to start cataloguing the sandwiches I eat here because yes, I'm definitely going back to see the unicorn. Besides, I had SO MUCH trouble deciding on which sandwich to order. I want to try as many as I can!March 26, 2008 - I ordered the "Ex-Boyrfriend" on Dutch Crunch which had what I believe to be not one but TWO kinds of lean, high-quality salami, Ike's yummy, perfectly cooked (not limp, not burnt) bacon, cheddar, dirty sauce, avocado, lettuce, and tomatoes. The sandwich was heated to perfection so that the cheese was all gooey-melted, the bread was toasted, but not dry, and everything was warm and still moist. I hate how Quiznos toast their sandwiches. They have a thing or two or three hundred to learn from Ike's. And the dirty sauce - garlicky deliciousness. Now THIS is my kind of mayo! I wonder where they get their bread? I never had Dutch Crunch that good - chewy n' tasted like it just came out of the oven fresh.April 12, 2008 - I brought a loved one to Ike's because A) mama always said sharing is caring and Ike's sandwiches of love are totally meant for sharing and B) if I brought a friend and we each ordered a different sandwich then technically I would get to try TWO of Ike's incredible sandwiches... GENIUS!I am not a wine connoisseur. I buy wine based on what the BevMo! employees tell me to buy or if the bottle's got a cute label. However, I am proud to say that I am a chicken fried steak connoisseur. My skinny Asian @$$ is from the South, after all. Cruising through the menu, I knew I had to try it... the "FORTY?!" A chicken fried steak smothered in melted cheddar cheese on dutch crutch. Oh mercy! I'm not gonna lie, it was greasy, it was fattening, and my arteries probably cried a river afterwards, but Ike is a mad genius. I talked to him afterwards and he told me that he had originally made the sandwich for himself. Well, Ike, thanks for sharing. Chicken fried steak was flavorful and still had a bit of a crunch despite being made up into a sandwich drippin' in dirty sauce. The second sandwich I tried was the "Super Mario" and it's... you know why Ike's so successful? Because he doesn't just make a meatball sub with frozen stuff. It all tastes like it was made carefully. I heard the vegan meatballs were killer, so in my mind, that meant that the non-vegan meatballs were gonna be good. I like being right. Melted mozzerella sticks, tangy marinara sauce, and let me tell you, I don't like wheat, but Ike's wheat bread is soft and cushiony and delicious. Way to go, Ike!
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2008,1/16/2009,523,699,34,34,40>Last night a bunch of us trooped over here after the Elite event to grab a bite to eat (or in my case- to soak up some of the free booze so I could at least pretend to make it home) and they were kind enough to accomodate the lot of us...pirate gear and all.As it was late, a few of us (the cool kids) decided to share some antipasti and insalate- the selection of italian cheeses and italian salami (yum!), the bruschette of the day (double yum!), and the imported buffalo mozzarella organic grape tomatos and baby arugula (sweet mother of god cheese drool!).  One of the less cool kids (I'm just joshing you- he's not a kid) got the chocolate mousse, which I stole a bit of and was in heaven.Their wine list is good- although they were out of my first choice.  It is a bit pricey, but I think it is worth every penny.  The decor is soothing, not too light, not too dark- which incidentally is what "chiaroscuro" means- a term in art for a contrast between light and dark.  The staff was fantastic and didn't put up a fuss when we wanted separate checks.I think this should definitely be a date spot in the future, one-on-one next time.  Score!
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2009,1/15/2009,307,384,18,19,20>Super Yummy! The Tikka Masala bathes your taste buds in buttery creamy goodness and the chicken in the tikka is one lucky bird. The naan was steaming hot when it reached our table and the Byranhi (sp) rice was overflowing with giant chunks of meat (which is not what one normally finds... i.e. you find little tiny pieces of chicken you confuse with the rice and never really know you are eating...). Only a couple of beer choices which makes ordering easy considering there are sooo many yummy items to choose from. The blurbs about the dish are fun and creative and even got a giggle or two out of me which got me a strange look but hey at least I was enjoying the experience. There was only one problem which is why I did not give this place 5 stars. Even though the waitress was really really nice she wasn't very good at bringing the food out in a timely manner. The tikka came first along with the rice but the raita had to be asked for a couple of times and our naan came at the end of the meal which was such a shame because I know I would have eaten more of it had I had more room in my tummy. And no there were not alot of people in the restaurant so I cannot even use the excuse that it was super busy with only one waitress. What does this mean? Not that you shouldn't check this place out just be prepared to be a little vocal with your waitress about making sure you want to get all of your food in a timely manner! good luck walking out of there (you'll probably have to roll)!!!!
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2009,1/14/2009,344,904,56,44,51>There are a lot of things in this world that scare the crap out of me. The TL is not one of those things. How could it be? Look at what else is happening; Brittney Spears has been allowed to have children, Drew Peterson has found some crazy to marry him again, reality TV accounts for 39% of all new programming, Burger King has produced cologne that smells like flame broiling and I have wasted enough hours on Yelp to have written 800 reviews. With all of this going on how could one be afraid of a few crack addicts? In fact, the TL has become much more dignified as time has progressed, for better or worse, depending on whom you talk to. Whiskey Thieves is one of those changes I am willing to accept with open arms, despite my adoration of a neighborhood with grit. Why? Because they have a scotch, bourbon and whiskey selection that could make a grown man cry, make a nun strip down naked and run through a brothel singing come and get it, make Burger King execs go on a double date with The Ham-burglar and Grimace... at McDonald's, and pay. That is how good the selection is, and it is reasonably priced for what you get. The people working here know their stuff, and they will share that information with you with no attitude. No more smoking inside, which was a major complaint to many. The bar is relatively ass hat free, likely lending to the locale, and they have a pool table and nice lighting. Lighting that might even make Brittney look appealing enough that Drew P would marry her and they could watch reality TV until he whacked her. Except that they are probably afraid of the TL, thus they will never know the joys of the selection at this bar.... which is just fine by me.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2008,1/13/2009,1396,522,38,44,46>I'm in love again. With french fries.For the past couple of years, I've had a predominantly hate relationship with them. They added pimples to my face and inches to my waist. But I think I've finally forgiven and forgotten--or at least have reason to.Because of OLIVO's CARNE ASADA FRIES! My friends and I came after our first law school exam to celebrate, and the food was so good I didn't even think about my prospects for failing. The fries were fresh, the carne asada was deliciously seasoned, and the layers of cheese, guacamole, and jalapenos melted in my too happy mouth. I dare say these fries are even better than the bacon cheese fries at Outback Steakhouse, which are now a distant second in my book. GASP.We also had the grilled chicken and fried plantains as well as the green chili pork, both of which came with your choice of beans and hot tortillas. The grilled chicken was nicely browned, tender, flavorful and just perfect with the fried plantains. The green chili pork was super moist (think Hawaiian Kalua Pig) and had a small kick. I really enjoyed lunch here--the sluggish service did not hamper my orgasmic experience with the fries.I can't wait to come again. Fries4life.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2008,1/12/2009,329,412,13,19,22>Went in last night for dinner, brought a few friends for our gal Nicole's b-day and I have never, ever had such a wonderful personalized experience than at Alfred's Steakhouse. Wow!!!For starters we showed up with 4 instead of 6 so we started in a booth instead of a round top. but... Jon had it all ready for us with personalized napkins and a card that was signed by the whole staff for Nicole. We sat, the champagne started pouring, and he already had the apps order in without our even asking. The Calamari is fresh, not that crap you get all around town that is freeze dried. I rarely find it like this so NOTE: Fresh Calamari. The garlic cheese bread was yummy (enough so that we put in for another order), but the bacon rapped Shrimp was to die for. Mesquite smoked flavor and outstanding.We moved on to a nice wine with dinner (Silver Oak Napa cab) and they have a great selection. No rush between courses. I asked Jon for the best meats they had in the house. Even though its not on the menu, he suggested the chateaubriand. We all decided to have a split to the same and we added 2 lobsters to share as well. Since we had so much coming, they moved us to the 6 top so we could actually fit all the sides they were bringing as well (that we didn't need to order, but it was a sample of everything for 4). So Jon brings a cart with a double order of the beef and my god... it was the most beautiful charbroiled, perfectly cooked meat you will find anywhere, anywhere. We were served and one friend at the table who eats everywhere, all over the world concurred that it was the best he's ever had. Lastly and with no less importance, Jon offered to order the St. Honoree cake for us from Dianda's on request and it appeared. No song and dance, but we sang happy birthday anyways. I got back in the Om town car on the way home and promptly passed out in a true food coma. Alfred's is the best. Thank you to all who made it a perfect meal and a perfect night.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2008,1/11/2009,224,365,20,16,16>Besides sporting one of the great restaurant names, the Front Porch delivers on some great carribean/ soul food that would send your senses into a state of delirium.... You are now entering into a state of deep relaxation...Creamy grits with sweet corn... Your tummy is content...Sweet baby back ribs appetizer.... Your eyes are getting heavy...Delicious fried chicken with a hint of lemon served with popcorn in a popcorn box.... You are getting sleepy...Excellent hamburger with cheddar and bacon with a side of fries.... Sleep... Box of Wine... Sleep... Red Stripe Beer... Sleep...You are now in the state of 'Itis. You dream of a simple life... chilling on your front porch enjoying a delicious meal on a warm lazy afternoon/evening.... When I count to 3 and snap my fingers you will awaken feeling a lot more relaxed and joyous...1... 2... 3.... *SNAP!*
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2008,4/20/2009,80,99,28,29,36>I can never watch the Sound of Music ever again. EVER. The Sing-A-Long has ruined the movie forever.... Seriously, without a thousand screaming, singing, frolicking, witty fans, the movie alone will never be the same.I took my mom here as her Christmas present (after pedicures and dinner at 2223), and had an amazing time. I knew from these reviews that it would be fun and interactive, but I had no idea it would be like THIS. Without giving away too much, I will share that my favorite part is the first few moments of the film, when the audience is "directing" the camera to find Maria. When we spotted her on the hillside, the theater went crazy (and I a mean standing up, screaming, stomping their feet hysteria) and I KNEW this would be a good time.Unfortunately, they announced before the costume contest (yes, people dress in character!) that there are no sing-a-longs on the schedule right now. They encouraged people to e-mail the theatre and request more sing-a-longs (they also do The Little Mermmaid and Dreamgirls). They think they may do a Mamma Mia one this summer.If you love the Sound of Music or just love acting like a fool with hundreds of other people who do too, you MUST do this Sing-A-Long.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2009,4/19/2009,304,690,16,24,20>Cherry Blossom Festival. Tons of food! I personally like this festival because its affordable with tons of small snacks to sample!Got some sushi from the Nijiya Market. That was pretty filling already. But I couldn't say no. Then $4 for a pint of Sapporo beer. Some spam musubi for $2.50 each. Well my friends had those, and they looked good. Green tea ice cream, 2 for $5. Tried the deep fried mochi. Yeesh, glad I didn't buy them myself. Savory mochi is just too weird.Takoyaki, octopus balls, are always a big hit at the festival. 50 cents for one takoyaki. Don't be fooled by their sign! The takoyaki are piping hot and gingery. Drenched in a teriyaki glaze. (yelp.com/biz_photos/ChLa…) And although there is actually no octopus in these balls, (yelp.com/biz_photos/ChLa…), that never stops people from waiting in line. See the long line.yelp.com/biz_photos/ChLa…yelp.com/biz_photos/ChLa…yelp.com/biz_photos/ChLa…yelp.com/biz_photos/ChLa…Walked around. Went into the mall. Shopped. Ate some more. 4+ hours, and I thought I was gonna puke from all the food! Good times!yelp.com/biz_photos/ChLa…yelp.com/biz_photos/ChLa…yelp.com/biz_photos/ChLa…yelp.com/biz_photos/ChLa…yelp.com/biz_photos/ChLa…
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2008,4/18/2009,501,1477,14,19,18>I have nothing but good things to say about the food.  I went with the prix fixe for $35, as did our entire group.  I chose the heirloom tomato salad, pork chop and the cheese plate.  The tomatoes were so fresh and juicy  and the dressing did not overwhelm them.  I don't usually order pork but I'm so glad I did.  It was succulent and flavorful but not too salty.  The haricot vert it came with were also delicious.  Finally, the cheese plate was lovely but I was too full to eat much of it.I also sampled the fried chicken, beef (sweet) cheeks and seabass.  Everything was delicious but I thought my pork chop was the best.  The fromage and strawberry parfait I tasted was good.  Not too sweet but creamy.  The many bottles of wine we had were nice too.  The service was excellent and it was a great place for a birthday dinner.What was not great was being tormented by the Hamburglar, frou frou and the tomato about me doing errands and Jenga.  Sorry, kids, my life is not that interesting and, for the record, there was no Jenga playing.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2009,4/17/2009,451,412,36,31,34>I remember when the bread with the sauce used to be free.  That dip.  That amazing vinegary, garlicky, spicy, tangy, and oil concoction that makes my taste buds scream, "MORE, MORE, MORE, YOU FAT GIRL.   DON'T STOP NOW.  YOU WANT IT.  YOU NEED IT.  WHOSE A GOOD GIRL?  YOU, NOW EAT!"  I'm not one to disappoint so I eat and eat and I get every last drop of the vinegary joy from the little glass dish and then panic ensues.  I need more.  This is why I think they now charge $1 for the bread and accompanying sauce.  Justine could not control herself and she asked for more and more.  I will happily pay.  The bread and sauce is worth it.  Another new find on a recent trip here was the Cucumber Gimlet (Vodka please!).  It is tangy, yet refreshing and goes so well with the bread and THAT sauce.  So clearly I've been to Ramblas many times.  I never have any complaints with the food, most of which I have sampled.  Yes I know it is seasonal.  Like I said, I've been to Ramblas many times.  The sangria is good, but I prefer Cha Cha Cha's so I tend to stick to the cocktails.  But if you put a glass in front of me I'm not going to object or anything.Tapas definitely worth getting: Stuffed Medjool Dates, Empanadillas, Albondigas, Calamari.I've always also had great service here too from hugs from waitresses to them giving me free dessert.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2009,4/16/2009,324,116,43,36,38>So, I was having a really awkward day yesterday. No, really. In the morning, I told the cute building management guy from across the hall that I thought the construction going on (that makes horrendously shrill noises and shakes the entire office) sounded like velociraptors romping around, and that I wished it were true, 'cause obviously dinosaurs are awesome. He politely laughed, and then hightailed it out of there. Can't really blame him.Then in the afternoon, a wise-cracking coworker started making nicknames for everyone in my office. He challenged me to coin a new moniker for  him- but considering "Berwanger" is his last name, I just stammered and turned a nice crimson color. FML.Needless to say, I was a little nervous to go to drinks with my friends at the new happy hour spot in the FiDi- especially when one of them warned me of the co-ed bathrooms...cause I was clearly battin' a thousand with members of the opposite sex.Upon walking in and perusing the menu, I realized that I could actually get behind this place- I mean, "Steak Lounge" is pretty awkward sounding, so that's a star right there for relating to me. The service and food was also gold-star worthy. Our waitress was personable (and bangin'), and brought a free round of champagne for the four of us upon learning I'd just celebrated a birthday- finally, I'd been singled out for something NOT humiliating! The owner, a friendly chap by the name of Steven, also came by to greet us, bringing with him four complimentary hamachi shooters. Two delicious freebies for the table? Hot damn, more stars for you!The food was delectable (I tried the truffle oil fries and a burger served on a sweet roll) and we were all content with our wine selections. However, I'm leaving room for improvement here, because it's still in the "soft opening" phase, and they haven't set up a happy hour menu yet. While $8 for a mediocre glass of wine is standard for regular hours, I think they'd be wise to cut that price and add some discounted bites for the 5:00 crowd- at least that would be key to my continued patronage. Overall, I was quite pleased with my experience, and damn proud that I didn't have another "OMFG" moment... because those happen a lot.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2008,4/15/2009,307,514,32,26,27>I know it's a good night when I step outside for a breath of fresh air (gets toasty inside), immediately get involved in a conversation with a cross-dresser named Alicia who, for some reason, keeps calling me Twiggy & asking if she can borrow my boobs for 20 minutes, during which time she swears she'll earn my rent and hers.  [Breathe]  Of course she follows me back inside where I introduce her to my friends, like we're the best of friends.  We drink more of the fabulous cocktails they serve here, but as usual, I can't remember most of what I tried because, well, the drinks are *really* good.  I do recall the lychee martini being excellent: not too sweet as I expected, but with a tart aftertaste.  [Insert dirty pun about cross-dressers here.]  Drinks are pricey, but delicious and strong.  Space is narrow and can get crowded.  Bathrooms smell like urine, but are otherwise decent.  Local eccentrics are friendly and gropey.Hey Alicia!  Where's my rent $$?  You didn't borrow my boobs, but you did grab mine and my friend's.  Dunno what the going rate for that is, but it should be good for at least another drink for us to share!
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2009,4/14/2009,593,425,54,37,39>My name is Suany Pants and I'm an emotional eater. I am at my thinnest when I'm happy and in a relationship, fattest when I'm single and sad. After a particularly stressful month and a string of unfortunate events, I unleashed the gluttonous beast in me this weekend and binged on enough food to sustain a small nation: a box of Girl Scout cookies in one sitting, a box of Raisinets, McDonald's, Jack in the Box, Starbucks blueberry coffee cake and a Genki crepe. While I normally prefer the sweet ice cream crepes over the savory options, I chose an avocado, tomato and mozzarella concoction today. Wrong combo! I should have selected a more flavorful cheese as mozzarella tasted too bland with the other ingredients. Oh well, I'm an out of control binge-eater so I wolfed down the whole thing while walking back to the car. I also bought some chocolate with fruity centers and lychee Hi-Chew, which I finished while driving home. Oh no, my thighs hate me.I also love the egg puffs here, but thank goodness I didn't get any today or my ass would have exploded out of my pants.Look for my name written in the cement a few steps away from this store! I'm so special.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2009,4/13/2009,1948,4780,54,72,85>REVIEW #800!Gayle and I came here for a romantic Valentine's Day dinner and more.... We have been together for almost 4 years and we have been through a lot together. And through a good number of back and forth conversations, we have thoroughly discussed how we want to spend our future together. Yet, when you're both in your early 50s and with already extended families (including the pets), youthful exuberance is quickly supplemented with very practical considerations and sometimes a longer time line. But nothing could be official until a certain question was properly asked (and answered). So, the recent purchase from Steve Padi's Jewelry needed to be put away for awhile, until it was properly presented and accepted.  And as a rare act and full acknowledgement of the occassion, I actually wore a jacket and tie.  Gayle in turn, dressed in the very nice outfit that she wore on our second date.Our friend Lisa recommended Sociale for its Italian cuisine, wine, and romantic atmosphere. It was a wise choice, although from our East Bay perspective, it was a little bit of a hike into the City. Sociale is nicely nestled off the street via a secluded walkway.  And although we were a bit early walking in, we were immediately seated. It was a roomy corner table that made it seem that we had the place to ourselves, even though we were sitting in a full and nicely muted (lighting and colour) dining room. The "Passionate Reds" flower arrangement that I reserved through Open Table was also waiting for us. Sociale served a Prix Fixe menu that night with several options per course.  Wine was available from either an extensive and well-considered wine list or predetermined pairings. We started off with a delicious order of fried olives (apparently a signature dish) and a nice bottle of Rigamont Barbera for our evening. This is a lighter red, but served us well throughout the variety of food of which we dined. Gayle later switched to a glass of a heavier Lagrein red when she got to her amazing grilled rack of lamb. Gayle's other dishes included a yellow fin crudo, artichoke lasagna, and us splitting a cheese course and the chocolate truffle cake (with ice cream). My delicious choices included a broccoli soup, tagliatelle bolognese, and a very nice striped sea bass. Service was excellent. Our server was knowledgeable, friendly, genuine, and honest and was visible and invisible at the right times. Our wine and water glasses were also regularly topped off when needed. For our special evening together, I presented a gift for roughly each course. The penultimate gift involved an inside courting joke, which featured a tool kit and a fake ring box. And after a good laugh, the real deal was presented, the question was asked, tears were shed, and the answer was yes.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2008,4/12/2009,734,876,32,37,36>The main reason I give this store 5 stars is because they have this cheap rubbery window scraper, perfect for clearing the dirt and dew collected overnight on the windows of the car on a cold San Francisco morning. Without this magical device, I would most likely reenact that one fateful January morning when I crashed my car into a parked garbage truck and basically totaled it without ruining the exterior. It was a collection of unfortunate circumstances - dew, dirt, glare of the morning sun, turning round a bend... Ichiban Kan is also that cheap store to get your fix of Japanese snacks and random useless containers that come in sizes you'll never use. Other places are cheaper, but if you're in the area, you might as well stop in. It's a 5 to 7-minute run-through.It's a mini Daiso!
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/5/2009,4/11/2009,368,167,43,30,38>(Disclaimer: I don't know authentic Philly Cheesestakes.  I've never been to Philadelphia.  According to the red squiggly line that just appeared on my screen, I apparently don't even know how to SPELL Philadelphia.  If authenticity is your thing... carry on, my wayward son.)Kudos to this place.  They're working hard for the money.  They proudly proclaim that they use sustainable beef from responsible ranches like the prolific Niman Ranch.  They have their own house sauce.  And they import things like really philly bread and tastykakes from the East Coast to create a little oasis for people who miss it.  The staff is friendly and seem genuinely interested in knowing how your experience was.So why only three stars?  I like Buster's in North Beach better.It's not my thing.  It's just like that girl who really likes you.  She learns everything you like, buys you thoughtful presents for no reason, rubs your feet, and yet... It just doesn't work.  You still have your eye on Betty in your lit class.Some things just look better on paper.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,8/8/2011,295,183,15,20,21>One of the best burgers in town!I had the Geisha special which included the geisha burger, fries and milkshake for less than $15. Geisha burger includes grass fed Idaho KOBE beef patty with gorgonzola cheese, roasted bell peppers and sauteed mushrooms. I ordered the curly fries and a chocolate milkshake. All were delicious!!! Burger was medium rare and loaded with flavor. My friends had the Merguez, a kosher lamb burger and the iggy burger, an organic grass fed buffalo burger. They loved it! We had a side order of sweet potato fries which were superb. It would have been nice to have beer to compliment the burgers. Owner said beer and wine license is coming soon! Place is small but very cozy. Owner is awesome and really passionate with his burgers. It was nice to sit at the bar and get to know him.Heard they have really good lunch specials, a burger, side of fries or salad and drink for about $8. Not too shabby....Try their ostrich or alligator burger.Blue Bottle coffee is also served here. Love this place.I wish them lots of success.
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2010,8/6/2011,427,453,12,17,18>Oh man, this place does BBQ right. Everything we ordered was just delicious. We ordered:-Texas Beef Briskey (smoked 18 hours!) - $15-Two Way Combo with pork and beef ribs - $16They both came with 2 sides so we got the mac and cheese and corn bread. The mac and cheese was SO good!! Too bad they come in tiny little sauce cups - it's okay...portion control! The corn bread is forgettable; was kinda dry and you have to ask for butter if you want it.Note: I made the mistake of asking for a knife for the brisket. The main chef (maybe owner) left the kitchen to come to our table and give me a lengthy lecture on how disappointed he was that I asked for a knife when his brisket is super tender. Damn. Well, at least he knows I won't ever make that mistake again! Haha...all good though..we were joking about it a few minutes later.The desserts looked incredible too: Scratch Pecan Pie, Banana Pudding, Fried Peach Pie. OMG. All slices are $4.95Seating is a bit tight so plan ahead if you're coming with a large party.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2011,8/5/2011,585,268,17,16,17>Yay! I'm a fan of Palomino. I went there with the girls for Happy Hour and since we all left happy I give it two thumbs up. The service is great and the crowd is pretty chill. We arrived pretty early so we didn't have any issues getting a table on the patio. As the evening progressed the patio filled up and by 6pm people were standing around waiting for a table. I started off with a double Jack and Coke = $11I then realized I should order from the Happy Hour Menu DUH - Cranberry Mojito's for the rest of the night - $5/eachWe ordered several appetizers:1. Sausage pizza - really good2. Crab and artichoke dip - super yummers. I really like the crispy pita bread that come with it3. meatballs - a okay. I could have probably skipped this one4. Cross cut fries - we had to order this since practically every table around us got it. it was pretty good.On a nice evening you should try to get there around 5. There is plenty of parking around the corner.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2011,8/3/2011,1289,809,25,27,28>My boyfriend and I have completely opposite tastes.  He cannot live without caffeine or chocolate, and anything more than a teaspoon of either of those make me physically ill and ready to meet my maker.  He loves meat, I love me a big plate of green beans.Since I really enjoy Brazilian food (including their meat dishes, surprisingly), I decided to make a reservation at Espetus for a Friday evening.  Every day leading up to our reservation, I told my boyfriend not to eat lunch that day.  Come Friday, what does he do?  Eat lunch.We were seated right away, and we immediately went to the salad bar to fill up (well, I wised up and only took sparse helpings of their paella, rice and black bean stew (my favorite at Bossa Nova!), and Moroccan couscous.  He nearly filled his plate, but then still proceeded to eat almost everything they brought to our table, which included chicken breast wrapped in bacon, grilled shrimp, lamb, parmesan-crusted pork tenderloin, sirloin steak, sausages, and ribs.Since we're both gluttons (at least we have something in common), we didn't halt the meat, since it actually took a few minutes of us sitting there before anyone came around to our side of the restaurant initially.  Now that we know their approximate pace, we'll probably flip up the red, take our time eating, and then go back to green.Everything we had was fabulously delicious: the meats were tender and juicy (not for you if you don't like rare meat), the salad bar items were fresh and yummy, and the trio of plantains, bread and fried polenta was so awesome that I asked our server for more plantains, which he happily gave.Despite being stuffed to the brim with food, we decided to have some dessert, so we split the pastel tres leches, which is a cake made from three types of milk.  I can't even begin to describe how good this cake is, and it was totally worth chancing my lactardness for.  The perfect sweet ending to our awesome dinner.This is definitely a place that I will come back to again and again, because it's one of the better dinner splurges.  I'd much rather shell out money to eat here than at a fancy schmancy place where they only give you "pretty" items that don't fill you up.  Given the amount and quality of food that we had, I'm stamping this place as more than CCG-approved - it's CCG-recommended!
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,8/2/2011,355,431,11,11,14>Other than earrings, I'm really not a jewelry kind of girl. Ever-changing notions of what accessories are in style renders the perpetual purchase of cheap fashion jewelry useless; and unless it's from my parents who I KNOW will always love me, expensive jewelry from a well-meaning but uninspired fella does little to impress (sorry... wait actually no I'm not).But buying myself custom-made, ever-so-slightly-out-of-my-price-range jewelry for a special occasion once in a blue moon? THAT, friends, works for me just fine!Covet was the place to do it. The great Rita C. reviewed this place a while back, which eventually brought me here and led me to purchase a pretty pair of earrings from the sale tree (which I wish-oh-wish had a larger selection!) for my sister's birthday last year. I'd been looking for a reason to go back ever since, and the duty of a bridesmaid with dreadfully bare ears the day before her BFF's wedding was good enough for me.I stopped by the shop midday last month, where the two designers of the featured Ofina and Frolick jewelry lines were hard at work. That's the coolest thing about the boutique... it's basically their studio! As I was perusing their carefully arranged display, they asked me what I was looking for. With the words "bridesmaid" and "earrings," they immediately helped me to narrow down the choices of wedding-appropriate pieces. I told them the color of my dress, pointed out a few already-made earrings, and was asked if I wanted a pair made for me. I expressed my concern for time, as I was in a hurry (and already late for the rehearsal that day), not realizing she meant she could whip them up for me in a matter of minutes.Which she did! In probably less than 20 minutes, I was in and out of the store with a delicate, beautiful pair of gold-plated earrings, dangling with gemstones matching my dress. Created especially for me and this momentous occasion. I know bridesmaids are meant to blend in, and who's paying attention to me anyway? The answer: ME! And the awesome Covet women. Thanks for talking me into jewelry I can't really afford, but that you helped think up just for me. I, if no one else, thought my ears looked lovely that day :).
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2011,8/1/2011,4636,789,17,22,19>I went to Izakaya Sozai to treat my friend out for her birthday.  Just like everyone said, making a reservation is very important!  Thankfully I managed to make one at 7pm and by then the place was already packed!!Here's what we ordered:Takoyaki - battered octopus balls with tonkatsu sauce - 5.50Buta Kakuni  - braised pork belly - 6.50Tonkatsu Kushiage - breaded and deep fried pork, 2 skewers per order - 5.00Bacon Wrapped Mochi  - 5.00 - 2 skewers - 5.00Chicken Skin - 2 skewers - 5.00Tsukune - chicken meatball (2 skewers) - 5.50 And some Hot Green Tea - 2.50Favorites of the bunch were definitely the Buta Kakuni and the Chicken Skin.  The Buta Kakuni just melted in your mouth and it was just great with the yellow wasabi it came with to give it some kick.  The Chicken Skin was so crispy and full of flavor.  It was so good, who needs the meat?Everything else was good as well.  The Takoyaki had a nice presentation and had the right batter to tako ratio.  The Bacon Wrapped Mochi was a little bizarre.  The Mochi was chewy as expected, but lacked flavor which thankfully Mr. Crispy Bacon came to save the day.  Sadly, there were a few misses.  The Tonkatsu Kushiage was a little tough though.  Thankfully it came with sauce to make it easier to eat.  I might have to pass on that next time and try the Scallops Kushiage instead.  And the Tsukune was probably the least impressive.  Tasted like plain dim sum and not much flavor.Overall we were both happy with our food.  Spent about $40 for two people.  Not too bad really and despite them all being small plates, the both of us were full!  I would love to come back here again and try their ramen despite the mixed reviews, and the rest of their menu as well.  4 stars!
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,7/31/2011,202,184,41,13,24>*Fergalicious remix*Tacolicous def-Tacolicious def-Tacolicious definition makes my tongue go locoThey're my treasure I get pleasure just by looking at their photoYou can see me, all day eatingShort rib tacos, for my meetingI got reasons why I eat 'emGet mahi mahi when in seasonTacolicious (So delicious) And yes they slight nutritiousWith flava so damn vicious This taco ain't fictitious Eat with nachos (crunch, crunchh)That make em bellies rock, rock  And we be lining down the block just to eat up all the guac...So delicious (it's hot hot) So delicious (makes them bellies rock, rock)So delicious (they wanna eat up all this guac)Tacolicious (t-t-tasty tasty)
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2011,7/29/2011,1284,595,13,20,18>#500 Woot-woot! I love tea. I have it in the morning with breakfast, after breakfast, before lunch, after lunch, after dinner, and any time in between all of that whenever I feel like it. I'm obsessed. Strangely enough, I don't typically seek out many tea lounges or even buy tea while I'm out. If I'm going to spend a couple of my hard earned dollars it's going to be on something like a venti, extra-foamy cappuccino. Needless to say, I hadn't even heard of Samovar Tea Lounge before a couple of weeks ago. A coworker suggested that we check it out as a possible venue for a party we're throwing. We ended up doing a tasting tonight and I was blown away and kicking myself for my previous stance on purchasing tea while I'm out. We tried at least 6 different varieties of tea, all of which were phenomenal.  We also tasted about 8 different dishes including the quinoa waffles... rest assured I will be back with the quickness for those delicious morsels, this time for a little breakfast on a beautiful morning. Their patio is delightful, tranquil and set atop the Yerba Buena Center with beautiful views of the garden. On a gorgeous day, I bet there's no better place to melt into a chair with a great book. 500 more to go...and beyond!
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,7/28/2011,492,201,26,41,32>In all the time I've lived in San Francisco, I've only gone to Golden Gate Bakery per the request of others. Family or friends visiting want the famous egg tart, so I stand in line for an hour and pay $1.10 for something half the size of what I can get from Red A Bakery. Red A has the most delicious egg tarts I've ever tasted. A perfectly flaky crust surrounds a golden yellow circle of creamy, smooth egg custard. Each egg tart is a mere 80cents, for a scrumptious snack larger than the size of your palm. s3-media2.px.yelpcdn.com…The true indication of the success of a business isn't the publicity or popularity of the store. It's the customers. From the old men sipping green tea and playing mah jong, to petite elderly ladies reading the chinese newspaper and gossiping over a pastry with friends, the patrons of Red A indicate the success of their bakery. These customers are regulars, and loyal to their neighborhood. A glass display case bursting with moon cakes, old wive's cakes, pineapple buns and mini cupcakes are only part of the deliciousness that Red A offers. They also serve bbq pork sandwiches, chicken katsu rice plates and even locomoco. A microwave in the corner allows you to reheat your pastry if you prefer it eaten piping hot, and large spacious tables overlook the windows facing Clement Street, a perfect setting for people watching and snacking.This bakery is one my regular stops for a sweet treat. Maybe one day I'll be one of those old ladies relishing the leisure of the day over a cup of hot tea and a perfect egg tart.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2011,7/27/2011,617,1242,22,21,13>So my roommate comes home the other day, "Tony, you wanna get a massage?"I don't usually get requests like this. "Sure, why the hell not!"Wonderfoot is local and affordable. For forty bucks, you get a 70-minute foot and back massage. In real-world terms, this means a long session of tear-your-shit-up massaging that includes a hot water soak for your feet, a foot massage, scalp, arms, shoulders, and back.I thought the first half was good, but a little soft. But by the time my masseuse worked up to my shoulders, that was a whole 'nother story."Wow, your shoulders are very tight. Does this hurt?"At this point, I'm face down in the EZ chair with my face firmly planted in the glory hole. My face is squinched up like a prune and I'm grunting in pain."No, no...it's fine!!!"Both my roommate and I agreed, it was worth a visit. I would definitely come back.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2010,1/21/2011,1385,482,18,27,23>[Featured in Best Thing I Ever Ate, Food Network]If you manage to win a fight for a parking spot in Clement Street, I recommend that you make the most of it and find your way to the famed Burma Superstar.  For the most part, it's worth the heartache of circling around a few (dozen) times to find a spot.  Though that's not the only challenge, as you'll likely be met with a 45 minute to an hour wait during peak hours.So is Burma Superstar really worth all this trouble?  I say yes, but not all the time.  The food and service are both very good.  Most of you have heard of their signature dish, Tea Leaf Salad, marketed as being featured on the Food Network.  The Tea Leaf Salad is an unmixed medley of peanuts, sunflower seeds, hot green pepper shards, sesame seeds, fried chickpeas, fried garlic, tomato, lettuce - tossed on your table with fermented tea leaves from Burma.  The really friendly servers seem very proud of this dish and I think it's the only dish they happily describe to you as they toss it around.  No disappointment there at all.Other dishes were pretty good, though sauce-heavy.  While I typically find sauce heavy dishes too rich or overpowering, I didn't really find that to be the case with Burma.  I didn't find the fiery tofu to be that fiery, but that's nothing chili on the side cant fix.  It was a very good dish.  One tip I can offer is to call in ahead of time and add your name to the list.  Burma Superstar is the only place I know that allows you to do that.  It's a really nice service, as you don't have to wait around outside; all you have to do is leave your name, number, and number of people and they will call you when your table is ready.  Of course, you should be there when they call you, otherwise on to the next group.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2010,1/20/2011,631,981,34,41,43>I ate so well here last night.  Everything I ordered was delicious.It was a crazy work weekend for me.  In helping to put on the annual San Francisco International Dragon Boat Festival at Treasure Island I clocked in nearly 45 hours in three days.  I needed to reward myself after that so I took another day off from my regular job and walked the streets of San Francisco taking in the incredible warm weather.  I decided to go to Izakaya Sozai for dinner because I enjoy soup noodle dishes in hot weather and I'd read some great things about the tonkotsu ramen at Izakaya.The restaurant was empty at 5:30 PM.  I took a seat at the counter.  The pregame show for Monday Night Football was on the television off to the corner of the counter so it was a nice, comfortable setting.  Although I'll drink hot soup in hot weather I won't order hot sake.  I save those opportunities for cooler nights.  I took advantage of the happy hour pricing and ordered an ice cold Sapporo.  Sitting at the counter here is amazing because you get to see all of your foods being prepared and you can get instant feedback on questions about the ingredients used from the friendly kitchen staff.To start I ordered the tonkotsu ramen and three types of yakitori skewers.  My ice cold beer arrived right away.  I looked up just a bit to watch fellow Cal alum Aaron Rodgers lead the Packers into the end zone when the Ritsu Tonkotsu Ramen (yelp.com/biz_photos/pKP6…) arrived.  The kitchen was so quick in preparing the ramen bowl I didn't even get a chance to watch, but luckily I was able to do so later when other diners ordered the same thing.  I ordered mine with the pork belly and the two pork belly cubes were perfect.  They were so tender they literally melted in my mouth.  I loved the soft boiled egg which was perfect as well, and the much-talked-about broth was amazing.  I loved the noodles which stayed firm and chewy all the way to the bottom of the bowl.  I finished all of the broth and that's rare for me!The Shishamo skewers (yelp.com/biz_photos/pKP6…) arrived first.  I love smelt, and although these were grilled they were charred nicely and the outside skin was crispy.  The Chicken Gizzards and the Bacon Wrapped Enoki Mushrooms (yelp.com/biz_photos/pKP6…) were plated together and both were delicious.  Chicken gizzards are always perfect with a cold beer and the enoki was nice and creamy rolled up inside the bacon.In another case of the eyes not being as full as the stomach I ordered another Sapporo and three more types of yakitori skewers.  This time I went with the Short Rib, the Duck (on the Specials board for the night) and the Tsukune (chicken meatballs).  Plated together (yelp.com/biz_photos/pKP6…) this was a super tasty trio that left me fully satisfied for the night.  I especially enjoyed the tender Short Rib which featured a slightly spiced grated radish on top.  The duck was finished off with a sweet plum sauce on top and being the duck lover that I am I thought it was very good.  Although flavorful the lean chicken meatballs were a bit dry.Super friendly waitstaff and kitchen staff I can't wait to go back.  I just might have to play hooky from work again soon.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2010,1/19/2011,704,219,20,33,24>I'm almost embarrassed to admit that for five months, I've lived 1/2 a block away from Mr. Pollo, walked by it every day, and only ever saw it as another shabby Mission dive serving cheap Mexican food. Little did I know that this restaurant serves some of the best arepas in San Francisco. Ya ya, I know, I shouldn't judge a book by it's cover, but because of its tiny interior, bare-essential decor, and proximity to the Mission McDonald's, I couldn't help but have some preconceived notions. Once inside, it only took one bite to realize that I had been a complete idiot for letting Mr. Pollo's appearance deter me from popping in.I could never tell the story of how I learned to love arepas and why I fell in love Mr. Pollo in a Yelp review. Which is exactly why I published a detailed article about my experience on my blog, entitled, "A Tribute to the Men Who Arepa'ed Me - Part 1." You can read it by going to my website, KelsEats.com.As for a quick synopsis, just know this: Mr. Pollo may seem divey, but it is as good as Caracas Arepa Bar in New York City, and the best arepa destination in San Francisco. The owner/chef, Manny, has worked in some of the country's finest kitchens, including SF's Quince and Coi, and now uses his  expertise to create authentic Venezuelan cuisine. It may not be as quick as a taqueria or open late for the drunk crowd, but the quality of the food is well above the cliche, cheap fare served at most Mission restaurants. While a greasy quesadilla may sound tempting, take my advice and skip it. It just simply can't compare.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2010,1/18/2011,1396,522,24,31,30>I have a favorite restaurant in SF.  Yeah, I might have a favorite coffee house, a favorite bakery, a favorite oyster bar, a favorite for each Yelp restaurant category (and then some), but there's THE favorite among the favorites.The food here makes me speak less, savor more, linger longer, and want to live in the oh-so-tender 'Loin forever.  It is Brenda's French Soul Food.  And it's worth the two-hour wait on weekends.  In the cold.  While it rains.  Sans rain boots.The menu is short but satisfying.  There are three dishes that I can never get enough of.  First, the French toast with butter pecan sauce is better than the stuff at your grandma's, at that chi-chi resort restaurant, and anything I've had for breakfast in France for that matter.  The cinnamon toast is WOW, but the warm sauce is WHOA--simply the best I've ever had.Next, the Hangtown fry is an omelet to salivate over, take photos of, and blog about.  It reinforces the small wonder that are eggs, the idea that bacon makes everything better, and that oysters are delicious in every form.   It also comes with a fresh biscuit, which is staggeringly delicious with the homemade strawberry jam.Finally, the shrimp 'n grits for those who slept through breakfast and will drink through dinner--this is a one meal deal to get you through the entire day.  The shrimp is fresh and meaty, the grits rich and fluffy, and the sauce a blend of savory, sweet, spicy, and to-die-for.  These are the dishes I've gotten over and over again, and have never gotten over.For the few with an appetite bigger than mine, the beignets (French fritters) make a great starter or side.  The chocolate one is sinfully good, but it's the crawfish one that in retrospect you'll wish you devoured slower or saved for last.  It could use more crawfish but is otherwise marvelous.I take everyone I know here, from my boyfriend, to my visiting family and friends, to my ex-boyfriend.  None of them have anything in common except that they really like me... uh, I mean, Brenda's.  Brenda's comforts my soul with its food, drives me crazy with its line, draws me to New Orleans, gets on my nerves with its chock-full of elbow -to-elbow tables, reminds me of how lucky I am to be living in a food mecca--but that's the rollercoaster of love.  And I'm not getting off it.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2010,1/17/2011,270,234,15,21,16>I had to see what all the hype was about with Ike's Place since I have heard nothing but incredible things. I didn't feel like waiting in line so I decided to phone my order in but when the guy on the phone told me it was going to take 1.5 hrs, I was thinking "Are you freaking kidding me???." Ironically, that made me want to try one of their famous sandwiches even more so I stuck it out. Boy am I glad I waited because hands down, it was the most delicious sandwich EVER!!Veggie SF Giants ($9.99) - I got this baby on a Dutch Crunch roll and split it with my sister...their sandwiches are monstrous! Somehow they ran out of avocado so ended up charging us $1 less. The vegetarian turkey and bacon were surprisingly satisfying. The cheese and mushrooms coupled with the Dirty Sauce just melted in my mouth. Yuuuum! (yelp.com/biz_photos/dold…)I swear their Dirty Sauce was like crack and pretty soon, I was licking my fingers and wondering where my food went. The free lollipops didn't hurt either, although I was hoping they had the caramel apple ones. (yelp.com/biz_photos/dold…) I can't believe it took me this long to discover Ike's Place since it opened in 2007 but better late than never. Can't wait to come back to try another one of their tasty sandwiches and praying I won't have to wait as long!
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2010,1/16/2011,1928,1761,16,23,19>One thing that I enjoy about my job is that I get to work anywhere in the city. Some of the areas with businesses for eats can be a hit or unfortunately, a miss.  With a few places of great dining (mainly hole-in-the-wall places), I do enjoy working in the industrial Dogpatch and Bayview/Hunter's Point Area (Third St.). In my car and using my cadaver dog nose, I can smell the freshly baked ice cream cone mixture being cooked at this ice cream parlor on the corner of Third and 22nd Street. Normally, I would eat my ice cream in a little cup or straight from a pint or gallon container. But the smell of the freshly baked cone has lured me to eat it from a cone...even in my gangster-like business suit.The ice cream shop has ten different daily flavors. I had a scoop of Croquatino and a scoop of Buttermilk Blueberry for $3.75 in a freshly-cooked cone for an additional $.50. The Croquatino is very similar to the popular Butter Pecan with a caramelized hazelnut and caramel sauce. The Buttermilk Blueberry has a nice creamy taste of Buttermilk with fresh blueberries. The freshly-made cone made a "huge" difference. Most ingredients are organic and the dairy is made from Straus Creamery. And the place is Eco-friendly too with biodegradable items...a huge plus! My treat: yelp.com/biz_photos/YzA3…I also spent $6.00 for a jar of chopped Peanut Brittle for a later treat. That later treat did not last long; less than 2 hours to be exact. The Peanut Brittle, loaded with nuts (not like me), is seal-packed in an air-tight mason-jar and made fresh at the actual location. Peanut brittle: yelp.com/biz_photos/YzA3…The husband and wife, proprietors, are friendly with a smile. Maybe it's my suit and/or my "Joe Cool" image. My Visa was accepted for my over $5.00 purchase. I can't wait to try other ice cream flavors and freshly made items from this corner place.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2010,1/15/2011,802,711,22,23,24>The owner, Toy, makes great food but sucks in liars dice. I came here last night because my friend Gene have been mentioning about this place for the longest time. Also, the bartender, Conson, was "supposedly" a very good liars dice player as well. I love the challenge. First thing that comes to mind when you mention Thai food.........Osha............Marnee..........King of Thai............ You have to give this place a shot because it is so different from the rest. You would never believe it but they have very good raw oysters here. You hear about Hog Island from the Ferry building, 1 dollar oysters from local restaurants in SOMA but you gotta check this place out. It is very under the radar and they are good!!!! The raw shrimp with garlic and chili (kinda like the Vietnamese style pork that you buy from the deli in the refrigerator section, I think it's called Nem) I have never had shrimp prepared this way before. It was fantastic. crab meat fried rice is amongst the best out there in the Thai restaurants. Very comparable to that of Osha Thai on Geary. The yellow curry with pork spareribs was very good. Fall off the bone good. Curry had just the right amount of heat and thickness. I honestly believe their rib eye steak here is probably better than most steak houses in the City. Very tender, juicy, cooked to perfection. I was actually blown away with this dish. A Thai restaurant that serves great steaks???? Back to the liars dice game with the bartender...............hence the 4 star and not a 5. hahhaahha. I will come back again because the people here really value your business. You ever been to a mom and pop and they honestly care about you? This place is like that, a very family oriented place that serves up one of the best Thai food in the City. A very hidden gem if you were to ask me.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2010,1/14/2011,1792,531,25,19,23>Did you know its possible to hypnotize a chicken? I learned this useful little trick during my childhood summers spent on a farm. If you don't believe me, check out this video:youtube.com/watch?v=KgG1…So what does this have to do with BiRite? Well, the first time I tried Bi-Rite I correctly presumed I should sit down to fully enjoy what was coming. About three bites in I looked, and felt, like that hypnotized chicken. I sat there in a trance- motionless (except for the continuous scooping) gazing off into space completely unaware of anything besides that blissful sensation in my mouth.When I finished and came back to consciousness, I turned to my date and said, "Right now- I can die happy. Honestly, there's just nothing else after this ice cream." *SIGH*
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2010,1/13/2011,1567,497,37,39,38>A casting director called me last week, in search of talent for a new 'Dating in the Dark' reality show.  I declined the offer not only because I'm neither single nor slutty, but also because I was skeptical - positive they wanted me for comic relief at the end of the show when they turn on the lights in the mansion and everyone's darling new friend Janney is revealed to be a pear-shaped internet blogger.  In fact, without premature occular approval, how does one know who to fall in love with?Well, if you've been in the dark about Delarosa, lemme just tell you, you're gonna tumble head over heels.It's a little loud and a lot popular, but their pizzas are delicious and priced to sell.  I give a big high-five to their arugula salad, too.  As for the taste of the pizza, think Delfina-style, but without the black crispies on the crust.  I've been here 4 times and am still loving it.  If you can't make resos, grab a drink while you wait for an open seat at the community tables.  The beer selection is primo - and if you only drink wine, I suggest grabbing a 40 of their sparkling beer and drinking it with your nose up in the air.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2010,1/12/2011,1099,544,16,24,22>My friend and I wanted to try something new for DAT, so we picked Paul K.  We browsed the DAT menu.  We didn't feel like getting dessert, so we ended up ordering off the regular menu.For starters, we got the House Fries and Chicken Liver Pate.  The fries were thick, crispy and piping hot.  The pate was a winner.  This was my second time trying a chicken liver pate, and I am now a fan.  We practically scraped up every last bit off the plate.For our main courses, we got the Braised Pork Shoulder and Seafood Stew.  I got to try some of the pork, and it was cooked just right so that it was nice and tender.  The creamy polenta also complimented the pork very well.  My seafood stew was overflowing with mussels, clams, fish and calamari.  The seafood was sitting in a very flavorful tomato broth.  The portions were pretty big, so we weren't able to finish all the food.The service here was good.  The restaurant is on a pretty busy street, but we were able to find parking about 2 blocks away.  Its definitely good to have reservations.  Ours were at 6:30, and the restaurant was packed.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2013,4/2/2014,730,286,42,52,51>I love this restaurant! Hands down, one of my favorite little restaurants nestled in the middle of Potrero Hill. Service is always attentive and friendly!I've been frequenting this particular location for over a year while living here in San Francisco and I've thoroughly enjoyed each dish offered. From the caesar and nicoise salads to the grilled sardine, deliciously roasted bone marrow, and butter poached escargot appetizers, to the chicken and jardon entree, the pan roasted branzino, and the mussels and frites combination. Everything is delicately seasoned and bursting with so much flavor. They also win me over with the complimentary bread and butter that is brought out continuously throughout the meal. The key to a woman's heart indeed!I will have to make a strong recommendation in trying out their lavender creme brulee dessert.   An absolute dream and the perfect finish to a beautiful french meal. Plentiful wine selection and excellent prix fix choices during lunch prime hours. The ambiance is cozy and intimate. I always look forward to coming here!
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,4/1/2014,2747,1075,24,23,23>Do you think cafeterias are strange?  Think a little longer.  Here's how it went down today: I didn't want a sandwich.  I didn't want pizza.  In fact, I didn't want carbs at all.  I could buy some soup, but that never seems to fill me up.  I could go to a sandwich shop, order the sandwich, eat the middle and leave the bread.  No, that just didn't seem right.  That's downright strange. Walking by Portico IV, I looked through the door and noticed there were 2 serving lines: 1 for the hot table, and 1 for the salad bar.  The salad bar had sliced roast meats as well.  Fill half the plate (yes, a real glass plate) with kale and fruit salad.  Fill the other half with roast turkey and roast beef.  Rock it like a body builder and win!  Price at the register:  $5.79.  Win!  Upstairs seating with a view of the street, great for people-watching.  Win!  Sriracha sauce and Tapatio sauce  set out in the dining area.  Win! Now my tummy is full, my lips are tingly and bright, my wallet is still showing those pieces of Fed paper.  Thank you Portico!  My tummy thanks you, my secret diet thanks you, and my wallet thanks you.  Maybe cafeterias are a little strange, but this is my kind of strange.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,3/31/2014,825,314,6,11,11>What a GREAT place for Sunday brunch.  I absolutely LOVE this place.  The whole staff was so friendly and accommodating.  It was pretty busy but they weren't phased by the chaos at all.Great menu choices.  Especially loved the Mickey Mouse pancakes which they were nice enough to let me have.  The beignets were SO good!  Best I have ever had.  One is enough for 2 people but if you really enjoy them, get two.  They're pretty big.This is my new favorite brunch place and I highly recommend you stop by this place on a Sunday.  Place gets pretty busy so be prepared to wait but the good thing is, people come in and out.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,3/30/2014,1030,1074,9,15,13>01.03.14A dash of Michael Mina plus a pinch from Fat Angel, and you get one of the hottest new restaurants in San Francisco.  I definitely started my first Friday of 2014 right with a dinner at this spot.First things first: you're in Russian Hill, and you know parking will be horrendous.  Stones Throw is situated on a cable car line, but if you're feeling fancy or running late, an Uber ride will also get 5% off your bill.The menu did not disappoint.  I arrived a bit late to share a final piece of a crunchy, crispy, and spicy chicharrone.  YOU MUST ORDER THIS - absolute flavor explosion.The table had the puffed potato and eggs, pork belly and crispy pig's ear, and grilled octopus to share.  I especially enjoyed the puffed potato and eggs, as it take delicate skills to make a perfect runny yolk enveloped in the puff.  I hope this isn't one of the seasonal items and stays on the menu ALL THE TIME.I couldn't decide what to get for my main course, so I went with the pate and the pasta (diet will start...sometime in 2014?).  The pate came out looking gorgeous, almost dessert like in terms of color and presentation.  The flavor combination with the soft mustard pretzel was a match made in foodie heaven.I saved the best for last.  The squid ink conchiglie pasta was cooked al dente, and mixed with clams and calamari for texture on texture on texture.I know it's only been two months and there may still be kinks to work out - the main one for us being the lag time between courses - but this was all around a fantastic meal.  yelp.com/biz_photos/ston…Total damage for five: $270
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,3/29/2014,665,937,4,14,13>we came to saison on a tuesday night and the 18 seat restaurant was full. they did  two seatings with people just sitting down as we were finishing up. its mostly couples and then one large group of businessmen.  many try  to justify the high cost of the menu.  and maybe because the five dollar signs then it must be five stars.  with high price comes high responsibility.  and you will not be let down.  i felt very lucky to have dined at saison.  its a once in a lifetime thing. ive never been to french laundry so i dont have anything to compare it to.  we arrived early and were promptly greeted and directed to the bar where we were poured complimentary glasses of the krug grand cuvee.   the cocktail list looked amusing but we opted for wine and we had a glass of nebbiolo each. the service is impeccable with friendly staff and meticulous service.  the kitchen opens into the dining room and the preparations are like a show.  they speak in a silent language of eyes and gestures.  there is so much going on but so little commotion.  there is so much attention to detail from the dinnerware to the silverware.we started with an aperitif of soju and some other liquor soaked in plants.  it was very earthy.  then came the sea urchin and custard.  caviar with potato.  the next set of dishes were like parts of an omakase, with heavy japanese influences in taste, texture and presentation.  my two favorites were the trout roe with tomato and the abalone.  to conclude the seafood portion we opted for the add-on of lobster and white truffle. next we had king crab in lemongrass broth, liver in mushroom broth, and then a liver toffee.  to finish, we had a pear sorbet and black walnut souffle.we were not given a menu so everything was truly a surprise.  each dish delights and surprises, awes and perplexes.  we left satified but not stuffed and happy but not drunk.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2013,3/28/2014,293,307,12,17,14>Here comes another comparison from the NY cart on 6th Ave and W 53rd St. 1. HOT SAUCE. The hot sauce here is not as spicy as the one in NY. It's not to say that it isn't spicy, because it is, but it's extremely tolerable here. The NY spicy sauce is ridiculously hot.2. PRICE. I think this place is just a bit more expensive at $7 per combo plate. (Chicken and Lamb)3. CONTENT. The content is essentially the same. The combo plate has chicken, lamb, seasoned rice, lettuce, tomatoes, all drenched with white sauce; with a slice of pita on top. 4. WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE?First, despite it being street food, the SF one tastes like it came from SF. Almost healthy. The tomatoes were fresh, with some fresh cuts of lettuce. The rice was cooked well, the chicken just a bit over cooked wasn't bad, and still flavourful. It almost tastes too pretentious to be chicken and rice.Second, there really isn't a line... it's not a big thing here. Not sure people who haven't been to NY know that this is a thing at all. Third, the white sauce wasn't spectacular.Fourth, this would taste so good when drunk. Plz get a permit to stay out late by the clubs and bars. PLEASE!This is all I can think of off the top of my head.Good, but in a different way than the NY one! I'll be back for sure.
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2013,3/27/2014,173,242,25,24,19>Before Mission was infested by hipsters from Facebook and Google who rode the inconspicuous buses to and from work, it was the Mission frequented by real hipsters with real creative jobs who went to Burning Man before it became so cliche. That was before my awakening. Two years ago when I rediscovered the Mission, I went on a search for the hippest places and stumbled onto an article: 48 Hours in the Mission by New York Times. I had, of course, neglected to read the publication date, which, of course, ironically, was 5 years in the past. No wonder Weird Fish, Savannah Jazz and 500 Club had no wait time. I felt like a fool afterwards, though, ever since then, I've caught on. The Chapel, Mission Control (aka underground club), Viracocha, and obscure Argentinean beer and empanada places were among my discoveries.   I showed up at Lolinda when it just opened and was hip and I ordered Icelandic beer at Mission Chinese aka Lung Shan before it opened up its east village outpost in New York. You ask, wtf and why is it at all relevant to Halu? Well, it's very. very. relevant. For one, I needed to know that I have since risen from the ashes and I have since stayed ahead of the trend. Incoming Halu and GQ Nov 2013 issue. Halu was mentioned by a jet setter who frequented SF and recommended Halu. But that's not it.  I knew of Japanese bar food from my old stumbling ground in Toronto. I in fact had failed to get into a couple of those joints due to overcrowd. Incidentally, if you have not been to Toronto, you are not a real foodie. It has the best food scene in the East Coast. Ab Fab. But I digress. So we went for Chicken Skin, Chicken gizzard, Beef Tongue, Octopus, Fried Mochi, Steak, Pork, Yuzi Chicken, ramen, Peppers, chicken katsu, beer and sake. Ruben and Andrew were not so keen on trying gizzard or skin of the chicken. Though they seemed to be Ok with it. White boys, what can you say?  Scallop fried was delicious. In fact fried mochi took the crown for how good it was. Shannon and I were a bit more adventurous, we liked the skin, the gizzard, liked the tongue. Odd combo if you ask me, but it works. Sake was delicious, I had two bottles which perhaps was not a great idea considering I'm Asian and a lightweight, But I loved every drop of it. Seeing that the Mission was now overcrowded with hipsters who don't have great taste but pretend to have (see my review of Haven), I had been long waiting for something authentic, innovative and surprising, not to mention, a lesser hipsters infested neighborhood. I had suspected Richmond had it all. It did. As they say, the proof is in the pudding, or in this case, the proof is in the gizzard. GQ November 2013 was way better than New York Times 48 Hours in the Mission circa 2008. I have redeemed myself, at last. Note to those who are looking for a date restaurant, especially if you are a Caucasian man and you finally landed an Asian date.  Yoko Ono on the wall along with Beatles and endless British pub beer. You ought to be proud of yourself, for bringing hard-to-find Asian date to this restaurant. She'll be impressed, and you will feel like you actually managed to outdo yourself.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,3/26/2014,323,148,15,24,17>What's up with these low star reviews!? This place was great, they have a wonderful selection of bread pudding both warm and cold! Also, you can top off your bread pudding with various syrups/toppings.I ended up choosing the Caramel Charisma bread pudding (cold). I'm a huge sucker for anything caramel so it kind of won me over...immediately.I topped it off with some yummy whiskey sauce and let me tell you that was a beautiful combination. I was going to opt for no topping since caramel can sometimes be a little "too much" because of its heavy nature, but the caramel in the bread pudding was light and the whiskey sauce definitely gave it the kick it needed while also bringing out that caramel flavor. Yes, the servings will look small, but you'll be surprised how filling bread pudding is if you've never had it before.Prices are good, and if you don't know what to get, ask for recommendations from the staff! They are knowledgeable and don't be afraid to sample the flavors!
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,3/25/2014,328,379,13,21,18>Came here for a drink on Monday night.There weren't many people, so we were able to score 2 seats at the bar. I knew I had to try the basil gimlet, and we also ordered another one of their specialty drinks (the name escaped me...but it was a rum sort of punch).DELICIOUS!!! The basil gimlet blew my socks off. Refreshing. Sweet. Tasty. Everything I could want in a drink! (except a bigger glass). The other drink was tasty as well! The most notable thing though was how friendly the service was. I think this was the nicest bartender I've ever encountered.... EVER. She explained each drink to us and even wrote down the recipe for the basil gimlet!! We didn't feel rushed and she was helpful in making the decision to what other specialty drink we wanted to try. I could see how it'd be crazy on a weekend, making it less appealing. Especially since each drink takes a few minutes to carefully make. I think I'll stick to coming here on weekdays.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2014,3/24/2014,611,488,79,11,11>OMG, I want to stab myself with a fork just to stay awake. I'm on this date you see, and though she looks like Nicole Kidman, she's has the intelligence of one of Mama's omelets. The omelet is probably a bit smarter, since it's more complex than my date.I ordered the Dungeness Crab Benedict in the hopes I would get an allergic reaction, just to have an excuse to leave. I'm technically allergic to shellfish, but it's hit or miss when it comes to getting sick. The Benedict was great though, and I didn't have an allergic reaction, darn.My date gets the pancakes, probably because the omelet has ingredients she can't spell. She keeps twisting her blond hair every time I ask her a question, as if she's cranking out ideas in that bubble head of hers, but she has nothing to say.Thank goodness this place is crowded, and the food is a generous portion, so I can focus on that.Me: "Do you like movies?"Her: "No really."Me: "Do you like shopping?"Her: "Not really."I wanted to ask her if there was anything in that brain of hers, just to hear her say, "not really" one more time.I felt like an interrogator, trying to get some sort of answer from her. I'd like to think that I can speak to practically anyone, even babies, but her, no dice. All the guys are checking her out, and I'm shaking my head thinking, an audio book is more interesting than her.Good food, I'll be back...just without her.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2011,4/29/2012,224,365,6,9,8>Cornmeal crust! Cornmeal crust!The Patxi's Pan Pizza... You have got to try it!! It's a lighter deep dish pizza so you are able to use your hands to eat it. That's the way to go!Knife and fork for pizza?? Please...By the way, this Patxi's location is quite chill. You have the high ceilings and a big rocking bar area right in front. TV's are provided to satisfy your sporting needs... Gotta love it... baseball, beer and pizza are back!!
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2012,4/28/2012,665,259,14,15,13>RUN HERE, don't walk. Go now. Before they blow up. Actually please don't. I want it to remain accessible for the time being. For I know that soon this place will be packed. So, STAY AWAY! I think I am bipolar. NO, I'm not.I heard about this place when it opened in November. This Japanese inspired French cuisine restaurant was opened by a married couple who were former owners of El Paseo before they sold it off to Tyler Florence. Keiko, the wife and the chef, is said to be the first US female chef to earn a Michelin star back in 2010. She's small in stature, unassuming, and very humble and nice. The husband Seigo is equally nice and runs the front of the house, is the sommelier, and also makes wine for the restaurant. My buddy and I met both of them as we spent a few hours in their bar area continually eating off the bar menu. And when I say bar menu, it is not your regular bar menu. The soft boiled egg that accompanies the oh-so-tender pork belly has a meticulous 3-step process. And yes, it tasted damn good. Everything from the "Oyster Gratin" which is like an Oyster Rockefeller (but better) to the Cow Tongue (yes, tongue!!!) was simply amazing. I don't use "amazing" when describing food too much, but this one was deserving. The dining room menu is different. An 8 course tasting menu for $88, and I hear it's amazing as well. Though it sounds like a fancy place, it's not too stuffy or pretentious. Very warm and inviting. GO NOW! No, please don't...
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,4/27/2012,655,244,8,12,11>I was very lucky to have scored a reservation just a week in advance (by randomly going on OpenTable) for 8:15pm on a Thursday. I didn't know when I would be back so I had to order a crazy amount of food:Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets with Maple Creme Fraiche & Chive - Every yelper has mentioned these so there was no way I was not going to get these. I loved the smokey bacon flavor and the maple dipping sauce made it taste like breakfast in every bite!  Chickpea Panisse Frites with Lemon & Black Olive Aioli - These babies are super dense and was basically a mouth full of fried chickpea mash. I could have done without it especially since the beignets are already fried.Chicken Liver Pate - This was a special appetizer that was not featured on the menu but was verbally mentioned to us by the waiter. There was a nice amount of pate and plenty for two people to share. The toast that came with jam made a nice contrast to the savory mousse consistency of the liver. Trottoloni Pasta with Shaved Asparagus, Lemon, Mascarpone & Walnuts - This dish tasted very healthy and fresh but wasn't something I was blown away by. I've been putting crushed nuts in my own pastas for a few years now so it's not a new idea to me. Chicken with Semolina Gnocchi, Mushrooms and Spring Veggies - I never want to order chicken but this one just sounded good and turned out to be a solid dish. The meat was very moist as it sat in a shallow bowl of broth and vegetables. The gnocchi that came with it was amazing (as delicious as Bella Trattoria).Lumberjack Cake with Apple, Dates & Maple Walnut Ice Cream - I wanted to be original and order another dessert that diners didn't mention but I guess I was destined to eat this. Our waitress switched up what I ordered with this and we ended up getting to try this dessert for free and I'm so grateful! This definitely made my night. It was a perfect piece of cake made with apples. The dates and ice cream were amazing together with the cake. Please order this! You won't regret it.Chocolate Ricotta Mousse with Cherries, Pistachio & Creme Fraiche - Definitely overshadowed by the Lumberjack so I took this home after just a few bites. The next day, I came to fully appreciate what a well made mousse this was. Loved the cherries for that added fresh taste. Chocolate and ricotta went so well together.I know it's hard to come here without high expectations from the 4.5 star overall rating but just order what you would normally like and you will be fine. No need to go crazy and order everything. Lastly, if you like girly drinks you have to order the $3 market shot. It's a spiked blend of whatever fresh fruits they find at the market that day!
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2011,4/26/2012,196,226,11,16,13>I LOVE RUM!!  Yes, I'm a pirate!...a NINJA PIRATE!!! Even had a friend get my self named after boarding Rum drink submitted to Urban Dictionary (urbandictionary.com/defi…).And there's not a thing I don't like about this place...okay, maybe one thing but it's just because everyone else likes this place also, that sometimes it can get a bit overcrowded and take a lil too long to get a drink.  But the bartenders know their Rum (I believe all of them are Rum Masters or in the process of becoming one - don't quote me on it though).I particularly like this bar when it's somewhat empty.  The upstairs is a nice place to hang out with a group of friends overlooking the main bar and entrance.  I never really hang out at the downstairs bar because it usually fills up first and for some reason I feel a bit claustrophobic down there.  Sitting at the main bar is interesting...you get the attention of the bartender (which is nice because you can learn a lot), but you also get the "excuse me"s of others trying to order drinks.I like that their menu provides so much detail regarding the drink including it's potency.  Make sure to get a card so you can check off every drink you have there.  If you try them all, you can acquire some kind of card...which I, obviously, haven't gotten yet =(Now, only if they offered some small appetizers...
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2012,4/25/2012,1071,453,13,12,16>Who's got it better than us?In the 80's growing up in San Francisco, we witnessed four Super Bowls.  Then one Super Bowl in the 90's.  Not only have we had two of the greatest baseball players in history playing for the SF Giants in Barry Bonds and Willie Mays but the 49ers had the greatest quarterback and wide receiver in Joe Montana and Jerry Rice.  Along with so many great players, Steve Young and really too many players to mention in this yelp review.There was a time when Real Estate Agents in San Francisco had to have open house on Saturdays when trying to sell houses because on Sundays everyone was tuned in for the Niner's game.  Also the invention of portable televisions was the greatest thing ever for all men who had to go to church or their place of worship on Sunday because all they had to do was pull up the little antenna on the portable tv and they could watch the Niner's games during worship. Now we have one of the best defenses in the league.  Great players like Patrick Willis, Vernon Davis, both Smiths Aldon and Alex, Frank Gore, etc.  The Tony Montana Squad.  And a great coach in Jim Harbaugh.  After a few tough years my team finally got their swag back.  As Kanye says "We got the swag sauce, we drippin' Swagu"...And while many things can cause divisions between people, whether we are talking about nationality, economic status, etc.  One thing I noticed during the game was it didn't matter what or who you were.  All that mattered was that you were a Niner fan and the fact that we all had witnessed one of the greatest games ever.  High fives, hand shakes, and even hugs were shared between strangers.  No violence or any negativity.  So maybe the San Francisco 49ers also bring unity.If only the whole world were 49er fans, maybe this world would be in perfect unity.  Who's got it better than us?NOBODY.
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2012,4/24/2012,891,338,12,15,13>This place is the most delightful and unique place I've have been introduced to, in a long time. Thank you fellow yelper, Mike B. woot!Deliciousness, charming, gourmet, happy, cool, and memorable-ness are how I describe this jewel. There is really something for everyone here, lots of happy people enjoying the best ice cream I have ever tasted. Sitting inside the nostalgic and stylish ice cream bar and tables, I spied teenagers, dates, groups of people, adults, and even lone wolfs enjoying ice cream. There is a soda jerk bar in the back, which I hope to visit next, with lots of interesting looking tinctures and concoctions. The tropical sundae was incredible. We substituted butterscotch and vanilla with the pineapple, there was fresh pineapple, macadamia nuts, and the most delicious toasted marshmallow I have ever tasted. Upon first glance, it would be very ambitious to eat the entire sundae, but it was so easy to finish. : ) Very smooth, creamy, and genuine tasting. It is very fun to just be inside the parlor, there was plenty of seating on a Saturday afternoon, tables and seats at the bar, where you can watch all the action. It is also very romantic and sweet. Please open 100 million more of these and the world will be at peace.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2012,4/23/2012,339,257,9,14,11>A lot of times when we are feeling down, the first thing a lot of us thing about consuming is comfort food. Comfort food can be different from person to person, usually my favorite comfort foods are a nice piping hawt bowl of nuuuudos or some yummy dessert! However cravings emerge for fried chicken, collard greens and mashed potatoes.Front Porch is a combination of a bar and and old school diner with booths and a porch outside that would be perfect to eat on when the sun is outside. Ive been here twice now and what has drawn me back and will continue to draw me back again will be the fried chicken. Front Porch's fried chicken is amazing, the best way to get the full experience is  to take a bite and let the swirl of flavors but i shall try and describe it. . The skin is very crunchy  and the batter is pure perfection, not too much and not too little. The chicken itself is very flavorful and tender. Its a guaranteed that there won't be any leftover chicken anytime soon. The chicken comes with a nice side plate of their baked mac n cheese is another popular fav, this is probably my first time having mac n cheese baked! Mac n Cheese might be simple for some people but sometimes simple is better! The blend of cheese they use are great and the elbows are not overcooked. On to more fried items, this is the first place i have had Fried Pickles and Fried Okra. These lil fried goodies went great with the aioli sauces that came with them. I would skip the merlitons, they weren't anything spectacular. Other than that everything else i have tried here is really scrumptious. Recently i came back bringing with me two of my fav LA yelpers Ms. Fia R and Daniel L and they thoroughly enjoyed the food here at Front Porch! Awesome food with Awesome company, can't ask for anything better than that. On a side note i will be back for Brunch sometime! :D
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2011,4/21/2012,1109,441,11,13,11>Trace = fresh and delicious Ingredients from traceable sources.  Trace = a fine menu with MANY vegetarian-friendly options.Trace = cool decor accents that come from sustainable sources.  (example:  Candle holders repurposed from wine bottles.  Cool, huh?!)Trace = privado seating if you want it.  Public seating if you don't.Trace = a far improvement from XYZ's high prices, flashy lights, and low substanceTrace = my latest choice when I'm in the mood for great food (on a date or with friends) in a chic and sexy environment.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2011,4/20/2012,432,176,7,14,12>I died and went to designer heaven!!!& if everything they carried was brand new.. I'd tell you to just leave me here forever. I wish I had found about this place sooner but better late than never. Definitely had quite the experience today, but I'm prepared for my next sale day trip and know exactly what to snap up. Grab first decide later. Seriously if i was claustrophobic there probably would've been a disaster. That first 15 minutes was extremely overwhelming trying to take everything in.Jeremy's carries loads of designer goods, some are salvage, some sample items, back stock, floor sets, out of season or just been beaten up.. There are loads of brand new items though (: and still for great prices.if it isn't already cheap, it will be at one point of another. There's one thing I do question.. Jeremy's claims all merchandise is new but there are items, especially the women's shoes that look worn. Also, i understand its a beautiful designer piece but some of them are so battered beyond repaired, I don't understand why they don't just remove them from the sales floor. It's NOT salvageable. Enough of the negativity and more about the Great deals.Had our sights on some Louboutins, which didn't work out size/quality wise but $34 Manolos, $70 brand new Elizabeth & James and $35 Tory Burch Sandals. After you've pillaged the Designer Section, head up stairs for some basic pieces and casual wear. It gets tedious but there really are some great finds. Lots of Urban, Anthropologie, Nordstrom, Alternative Apparel and similar type brands. Plus, some of the stuff comes out to under $10.Grab your girls to shop & bring a boy to line up/hold stuff/be an extra pair of eyes [: I'll be back really really soon. Promise.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2011,4/19/2012,166,268,30,17,10>I've been CRUNCHing pretty much every day since it opened in Spring 2011. So I know that you know its the newest gym in the area with stellar classes yadda yadda. So to change it up a bit here are my insider tips:1) Negotiate with your sales guy and act wishy washy and you can get a better deal.2) Nobody comes on the weekends and especially in the mornings.3) If you come between 5pm - 7pm be prepared to adjust your workout plan because it will be crowded.4) Random nights around 6pm they feature DJs that get the house bumping full of energy and jams.5) Look for the towel cart person because they are fresh out the dryer and warm! 6) Don't expect because someone can bench 400 pounds that they aren't too lazy to put up their own weights.7) Don't underestimate little old lady instructors they will whip your you know what.8) The hand sanitizer dispenser is your friend.9) The stair machines are dangerous for people with large feet.10) Finally, keep your eyes high while entering the locker room to prevent retinal damage.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,10/3/2013,247,318,6,8,9>Retrodorable (Retro+adorable) ice cream parlor.SEATING: The main side serves ice cream (take a number and wait), and if you are able to wiggle your way through all the people, you arrive at the "bar" (seating is first come first serve free for all... you kinda have to be creepy and stand behind the seats and be able to swoop in when they're done). I think this is the best seating in the place because you get to watch your servers (who are sporting retrodorable outfits) make your milkshake/soda/float. Seeing the little bottles of flavors and spices you know you're in for one unique drink.TINY BUBBLES FLOAT:Fresh lime, 5 spice and black peppercorn tinctures and roasted pineapple ice cream: 5 stars! The lime juice made it sprite-y and fresh, and the pineapple ice cream and delicious chunks of pineapple in it. The spices, although sounds weird, went undetected by my senses (or it just flowed really well with the mix) because I was too busy devouring this drink. I was really wow-ed by this concoction.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,10/2/2013,302,258,11,12,11>I came here with a group of 20. Yes, 20! We reserved way ahead of time. And the great thing is that with so many people, you get to try so many different types of tapas and I'm pretty sure we ordered 80% of the menu. I'll just list out some of the ones that stood out to me:Ceviche: Pretty good. Spicy enough and they don't skimp on the seafood! It's pretty limey which brought out the taste.Cajun shrimp: They don't give you very much shrimp (considering it's tapas), but they DO give you whole lotta sauce! And believe me- we were dipping EVERYTHING we could find into that sauce! Poured it on our rice, ate it with the complimentary bread, etc. Just a tad spicy and extremely creamy. Yum.Fried calamari: Pretty standard calamari. Well fried, but nothing too special. I couldn't taste too much of the meat in it. Besides pepper and lemon, there's no other flavor to it.Steamed black mussels: This was good. And the mussels were plentiful. I couldn't say much for the broth since I didn't try it, but it smelled delicious.Marinated chicken wings: Pretty eh. It was a 'guava-chipotle chile' glaze but it just tasted kind of sweet and tangy to me. None of the flavor really stood out. It was almost like bbq. We all agreed we could pass on it.Sauteed mushrooms: Probably one of my faves. It definitely stood out among the meat tapas. Great broth and lots of mushrooms! Super juicy and garlicky. Fried platanos maduros: My FAVORITE of the night!! Who knew fried bananas could taste so good?! And who knew it went so well with sour cream and black bean sauce? Such a great balance of flavor. If you don't go for dessert, at least get this dish to finish off your night. Fantastic.Jerk chicken: Some of the moistest chicken ever. This was literally fall off the bone chicken and if meat could melt in your mouth, this would be it. Definitely had lots of Caribbean flavor to it. Another favorite.Sangria: Yum, this was outstanding. Love how they have both white and red- if you have lots of people, you should try both. They don't skimp on fruit! It was strong and flavorful. I don't drink much sangria, but some said this was some of the best they have had. It was good to tone down the meal. It's $25 for a 'large' pitcher that looks like your standard size pitcher.After we split the bill among the 20 of us including the birthday girl and like 5 pitchers of sangria, we were paying about $30 a person. Got pretty pricey!Soooo after this review, I ctrl+f how many times I said 'flavor' and I was definitely embarrassed that I used it 7 times (I deleted some, don't worry). But really- that's what Caribbean/Cuban food should be about. I love flavorful, spicy food so this was the place to go.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,10/1/2013,350,253,10,17,10>Another Dine About Town, another try at a new restaurant!  For some reason (other than State Bird and the annual jazz festival) I rarely make it over to Fillmore.  After my delicious mean at 1300 I'll have to come more often!My fiance and I came on a Sunday night and the space was about halfway full, but with all the seating in the front half of the dining room.  It was surprisingly loud, given the number of diners.  Our hostess seated us immediately and left us with the menus, but it took quite some time for our waitress to arrive.  Once we put in our drink orders they appeared very quickly, but we waited yet again for our waitress to take our orders.  This would be a theme of the night - every employee of 1300 was incredibly quick and efficient, with the exception of our waitress.The DAT menu offered a watermelon salad, a choice of hangar steak or petrale sole for the entree, and a strawberry "shortcake" for dessert.  I opted for the DAT menu with the sole, and my fiance ordered off the regular menu - artichoke with poached egg for appetizer and their baby back rib special for entree.The appetizers were very good - I especially loved the interesting flavor combinations in my salad.  The salad included watermelon, pickled watermelon rind, and feta cheese, which I had never tasted in combination before.The petrale sole was great as well, and came with some wilted chard, mashed potatoes, and the delicious balls of flavor that are capers.  The sole was light, yet flavorful in a way I can never hope to replicate in my home kitchen.  The capers (with browned butter support) really made this dish, though.My fiance's ribs came with abundant accoutrements (two sauces, a slaw, and mac and cheese), but the ribs themselves were a little bland.  These ribs are rubbed and smoked, but you really need the sauces to introduce serious flavor.Dessert, while not overwhelming with flavor, was a nice, light end to dinner.  The strawberry "shortcake" consisted of triangles of shortbread, strawberries, and  puffs of whipped cream with strawberry puree, balsamic syrup, and whiffs of basil as well.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2013,9/30/2013,628,554,9,12,10>Highlights: - Tofu Beef Soup.Even when I got only white tofu soup without any spiciness. Huge chunks of silky tofu, sliced pieces of beef and flavored really well. It came with a bowl of white rice and it was perfect. (Rounding my review up because of this!)- 6 different side dishes (fish cake, kimchi, bean sprouts, spicy bean sprouts, mini fish, and pickled cucumbers)- Never crowded nor have I had to wait each time I came. Improvements: - The side dishes lacked in quality. I felt the cucumber dish was too salty and the regular bean sprouts tasted old. - Service is pretty slow due to the lack of workers. There weren't many people in the restaurant anyways, but no one to be found as they were all too busy inside the kitchen or doing other things in the back. - Did I just see a grandpa change one of his grand kids diaper on one of the tables?! I did and that was not cool. I know there aren't that many people in the restaurant, but that's what your car let alone the bathroom is for!Tips: - Accepts credit cards- Best to get your food To Go.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,9/29/2013,1284,595,5,17,13>Wow. Very rarely do I change my tune so drastically (from two stars to five stars) but last night's experience at Burrit Tavern warrants high marks. We were invited back to the restaurant by the Dining Room Manager, Gina, after my friend and I had an underwhelming experience for dinner a couple weeks back. We were treated like royalty from the second we walked in until the moment we paid our .01 bill; yes, you read correctly...one cent (which I'll get to shortly). It was our impression that we were just going to sit at the bar and have a few drinks/appetizers so we were surprised and excited when we were whisked back to one of their private booths for a full-on meal. We ordered the charcuterie and cheese plates, artichoke and asparagus salad, lobster risotto, and their Primitivo for our wine selection. Everything we had was absurdly good and the chef even surprised us with their prawn appetizer (which was also delicious). Anytime our wine got even remotely near the bottom they would fill our glasses to the top, which at one point we realized was making us more than a little "happy." So happy, in fact, that we decided to order their chocolate bar for dessert. Lord. It was like a giant, elegant, heavenly Snickers bar (I give credit to our awesome server for that analogy).They took care of our entire bill and when we asked them to charge us for something so we could leave a nice tip (neither of us had cash, shame on us), the server came back with a .01 bill. One cent. We were both amused and overwhelmed with their generosity.This is the Burritt Tavern I remember a year ago when we scoped it out for a company event; delicious food, impeccable service, and an above and beyond experience.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2013,9/28/2013,246,947,4,5,4>Oh to M to the GEE!!!Sis took me here for one of our impromptu dinner and wowzers... I became a fan!!! First of all... the attire requirement wasn't uber shi shi. I mean there was hippie eating on our right side... gotta love the Bay Area!Ambiance: I felt like I was back in the 80s - think Pulp Fiction with the diner booth like with starfish on top. It's quirky alright! Service: prompt... the servers didn't like to smile... or maybe they were just having an off night but for the most part, no one gave us a genuine smile, it was one of those "fake" smiles.Food: oooh la la! - 1/4 OUNCE OF AMERICAN PADDLEFISH CAVIAR = perfect size, perfectly made, left my mouth wanting for more!!!- LEMON SCENTED JUMBO ASPARAGUS slow cooked egg, sausalito springs watercress, brioche croutons  = DELICIOUS!!! The whole dish was just perfectly made, perfect taste! The size was just right and everything literally just melted in my mouth. Wow. Definitely, highly, recommend this dish!- SEARED MEDITERRANEAN BRANZINO butter braised king trumpet mushrooms, sweet snap peas, wild mushroom consume = ordered this b/c I never had a "branzino" before... and now I have. This was just okay... I think I hyped it up way to much in my head due to my first course. I didn't end up finishing this... - CHOCOLATE BITES milk chocolate peanut butter pavé, bittersweet chocolate truffle, dark chocolate caramel, chocolate macaroon = The only thing I didn't get to taste was the chocolate truffle... but the rest was good... not mind blowing but decent. Still a fan of Quince's petit fours... - Mai Tai 1944 (or was it the other way around?) but damn, that is NO JOKE of a cocktail! Strong... with character... will definitely make an impression. Overall... THANK YOU SIS for another awesome dinner experience!!! Definitely a fan!!!
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,9/27/2013,552,567,9,19,17>When Cupid's arrow hits you, you might be surprised that your paramour is shorter, fatter, or less well-off than you would have idealized. When Bacchus' goblet doused me (with bartender Drew's overly-perfect Bourbon and Basil), I was surprised to find myself in The Orbit Room; a half-crowded, half-empty, cash-only cocktail hub that looks more than a little like an airport cafe. There was (and always is) an obscure film playing in the background, and a considerate made-to-order pizza counter - just so you don't get spit out into Duboce Triangle DYING for carbohydrates after sampling several (you'll want to) concoctions.There's absolutely nothing trendy or happenin' about The Orbit Room, but you're always guaranteed a table and a quiet place to chat, not to mention a really exquisite, well-rendered cocktail menu and serviceable snack option. And, weirdly, that's doing it for me these days.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2013,9/26/2013,464,293,12,11,16>Dear Ladies of Yamo,Thank you for all you do. Thank you for being yourselves: Alpha Females feeding us healthy, hot, delicious food for a reasonable price. Thank you for reminding us that the customer is NOT always right (the sense of entitlement in this city is disgusting at times...you're reminding people that they don't always get their way and sometimes they have to wait, and you know what, sometimes they don't get noodles at all if they ladies of Yamo are too tired or simply just over it). I love you. Keep on rockin' in the free world, and serving up the best noodles OF MY LIFE!xoxoSerena
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,9/25/2013,669,1022,7,15,10>The owner of Men Oh, Waraku, etc. is taking over the SF ramen scene with another new spot in the Mission. This has probably the liveliest ambiance of the bunch, with a cool rock soundtrack that felt like my own playlist haha.I tried the Kobe ribs, per others' suggestions but the sauce was a bit sweet for my taste. I liked the crunchy veg it was garnished with though.The kakuni tonkotsu ramen had a similarly creamy and porky broth to that of Waraku, with thick chewy noodles, almost too al dente, but that's the way I like my ramen noodles. Kakuni here was much better than Waraku though, a whole slab of well marinated pork belly with most of the fat cooked off. Egg was done nicely, yolk cooked about medium, with bamboo shoots, sprouts, chopped scallions, and kikurage mushrooms rounding out the bowl. You can specify how spicy you want it, with Goku (hella) being the spiciest. I opted for medium to taste the broth more, but next time I'll probably see what the Goku is like.On a second visit, I tried the Shoyu, which I LOVED. The broth was light, but had plenty of umami and complexity. It's made from a chicken stock base, and the chicken breast slices in the bowl were PERFECTLY cooked, moist and tender. This was akin to eating a bowl of pho for me, since the fat content was no where near as high as a tonkotsu broth. Kudos to Goku for making a shoyu that is actually worth ordering again!Cool spot, bar seating for solo diners, pretty decent (not run of the mill) beer selection, and good service. I'll be back for my next ramen fix. Definitely one of the better spots in SF, but not quite southbay standards.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2013,9/24/2013,975,3275,5,9,8>Take a hike.Hike up Cortland and around Bernal Heights Park to the restaurant. You'll feel less guilt devouring the warm chocolate cookie and homemade peanut ice cream dessert.Best part of the meal was saved for last. Quite full and only expected to take a few bites. Soon there was nothing left.Path to dessert had contained plenty of highlights.Octopus salad featured brilliant sun dried tomato and lemon accents.Rich tomato sauce covering Nonna's Meatballs. Single slice of bread was perfect for soaking up every last incredible drop.Halibut sits on a bed of quinoa and olive relish. Each individual bite was great. Scooped together it was fantastic.Cornish game hen was the only disappointment. Potatoes were more substantial than the meat. Wouldn't order again.Throughout the culinary hike our server was friendly and casual without a trace of pretension. Space has a relaxed but polished neighborhood vibe and features cool touches like mason jar lamps. Appropriate for first dates and old friends.Just leave room at the end. Because the cookies and ice cream are something not to be missed. Like a walk through one of San Francisco's hidden neighborhood gems.
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2009,1/8/2010,1396,522,32,37,29>This is where the best and freshest seafood go to die and where I get my fix of shellfish heaven. I've been spoiled my entire life, having grown up in Hawaii with amazing fish and went to school on the Eastern Seaboard with phenomenal lobster and clam. But SF has Swan, and Swan has the most incredible oysters and crab by far.The bluepoint oysters are plump and creamy, and the kumamotos sweet and succulent. There are always several kinds of oysters for those who don't know what they like or don't like what they know. If you want good oysters at $1 a pop, go to the happy hour at Hyde Street Seafood House and Raw Bar (yelp.com/biz/hyde-street…), but if you can afford to shell out more for unforgettable oysters, go to Swan.The combination salad is also worth mentioning. At $17.25, it's a bit pricey but panty-dropping good. Plus, the guys give so much crabmeat, shrimp, and prawns, you can't even see the lettuce or understand why it's called a salad. I love the crab louie dressing and smother my salad with it. Oh yeeaaahhhh. I can't say that I'm a big fan of the clam chowder or the smoked salmon. The chowder is watery and not as flavorful as the chowdah I was spoiled with each week in Boston for many years. The salmon is just too fatty that it overshadows the fish taste. Thanks to the guy that gave me free sample of the salmon, though, because I was staring it to death. Haha.I've been here five times in the last nine months, and I would come here even more often if my bank account could withstand the beating. I'm hooked!
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2009,1/7/2010,324,158,17,21,23>A walk-up-to-order window inside a kind of dive-y bar. That's what Yat's is. And they serve up some goodness.We went for lunch on a Monday; 4 out of 5 of the tables were filled and a couple of people were at the bar. Had a bit of a hard time finding the place considering it's kind of in the middle of nowhere, inside a bar no less (Jack's, the name of the bar, sign is much easier to spot than Yat's!). The two of us ordered 1/2 a Derby (roast beef with gravy) and 1/2 a shrimp po' boy, a side of mac n cheese and a side of corn masque choux (a sort of creamed corn). 20 bucks. Finished everything and was happily stuffed! Would def recommend the seafood po' boys over the derby...maybe I'd like the derby more if it had more gravy (I found it a little boring), but even the way it was, it got pretty soggy at the end of it. The shrimp on the other hand was crispy and delightfully tasty! Next time, I gotta try the oyster po' boy! If it's half as good as the shrimp, it'd still be amazing. And the original Po Boy (fries and gravy) sounds intriguing.note -- this ain't some fine dining joint!
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2009,1/5/2010,935,1053,24,32,32>My first visit to Tropisueño was for the Elite event back in January. The food was really good and I bookmarked Tropisueño in my mental rolodex to try again at a later date. That later date was this past Sunday. The verdict? Still pretty damn good.We decided to order a few things to split (because sharing is caring!)Here's what we tried:-Guacamole: nice size portion with just the right amount of spice.-Tacos Al Pastor: mmmm, porky goodness! The bits of pineapple added the perfect amount of sweetness.-Flautas: not bad (how can anything deep fried and covered with sour cream be?) but definitely my least favorite dish we tried.-Chile Relleno de Picadillo: I love me a good Chile Relleno and Tropisueño's version did not disappoint!I decided to wash down all this goodness with one of their special margaritas - the Santo featuring St. Germaine elderflower. It was ok, pretty much the lowlight of the meal for me. Next time I will definitely keep it simple and stick to the house margarita.Did someone say next time? Oh yes, I'll definitely be back soon. Anyone want to share some plates?
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2009,1/4/2010,331,322,24,22,22>The Pair's Polish is really fun experience if you're happily (and comfortably) coupled, and if you want to do something exciting and new. But unless you're rolling with assloads of disposable income (it's a $200 treatment), it's also one of those things you only do on special occasions, if you get it as a present or, oh I dunno, if you won it at a Yelp event.You change into robes and indulge on champagne, brownies, cheese and crackers in the lounge. An assistant takes you into the rainforest room (which looks like a cave), then tells you how to do everything. Here's the summary:-rub the sandy/brown-sugar-looking stuff on. Take turns lying down on the platform to get rubbed, and try not to get the tickles while your partner gobs the stuff on you. Don't eat it, though you will SO want to.-rinse it off each other with the little hand shower. *details withheld*-rub strawberry goo all over each other, and then you know, hang out for a while. *further details withheld*-The assistant (who never peeks in, but will fill you in on every step through a little crack in the translucent sliding-glass door) then turns on the steam. This was probably my favorite part, since I could instantly feel my pores getting happy.-Then it rains on you. A lot. At this point, everything (everything) in the room gets washed or washed away. A light mist this ain't.-Next is a warm soak in a tub, in an adjacent room.-Rub shea butta all over each other in yet another little room, put your robes back on, and have some more champagne to chill out even further.There's no rush here, no freaky spa music, and they just kind of let you chill out afterward with your partner, the TV and the eatables provided. Points all around.Would I come here again? Probably not unless it was free. But I'd buy one for a couple I really liked.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2009,1/3/2010,399,555,15,19,19>Now I hear that nighttime is another animal altogether, but I joined a small posse for a waterfront brunch here during the weekend heatwave. Sitting outside wasn't too terrible. In fact, it afforded ample people watching under shady umbrellas. So many things looked tempting, but I went with the Crab Benedict and they actually got my 'poached hard' special request perfectly. It was quite good, but not really very filling. Bobby shared a bite of his waffles, which made me wish he'd go to the bathroom so I could finish them and blame it on seagulls. After quizzing our server about the booze, I got her to slip about an off-the-menu concoction made from elderflower and sparkling cava that was so much better than a mimosa in oppressive heat. You won't see it, but ask for it.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2009,1/1/2010,270,234,19,23,21>I was feeling ravenous after the gym and Tortas Los Picudos caught my eye on the walk home. This was my first time going to a Mexican place that sells solely tortas. The nice lady suggested the pierna torta since I was overwhelmed by the options so I went for it...HUGE sandwich for around $7! This is no Subway that's for sure.First, they toasted this flat bread/bun on the grill alongside the Mexican style ham (aka pierna) that smelled heavenly while cooking.  Then it was topped with a choice of cheese (I got American but they also offered Swiss and some Mexican cheese), avocado, jalapenos, tomato, and lettuce but I opted for no mayo, sour cream, or onions. Pretty loaded sandwich if you ask me! (yelp.com/biz_photos/y83g…) It oozed with 3 slices of melted cheese but I had to pick out some of the jalapenos since it got too spicy. The ham was dripping with flavor but a bit on the salty side. I loved that I didn't have to pay extra for avocado too. The bread was kinda thin so it got soggy pretty quick from the meat juices. Not a tidy sandwich to eat at all so thank god for all the napkins they provided! Another cheap, filling meal in the Mission though. Success!
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2009,12/31/2009,802,711,18,30,28>It's not the best bbq I have ever had, but it's probably one of the better ones in the city. Located in the heart of the Fillmore, which I think is a great location, nestles one of the hidden gems in the city. I have personally tried all kinds of bbq, from Kansas City to Texas to South Carolina to Oklahoma, I have tried them all. Dry rub, wet rub, etc. Their sauce both the mild and spicy here are great. Their pork rib can be cooked a little longer so that it can fall off the bone and brisket ban be fork tender if they just braised it a little longer. I actually tried everything here. I wanted to make sure I didn't miss anything and be able to fully yelp this restaurant. Pulled pork sandwich ( very flavorful, spicy, and it tasted good) Philly Cheese steak (Again .....they are famous for their bbq) Pork ribs ( sauce was great and this one has great potential. If it fell off the bone, I would have actually said it would've been the best I have ever had) Brisket (can be better .......the sauce really saved this dish) Hot links (average) corn ( packaged frozen corn) mac and cheese (too buttery) french fries (Fantastic......house cut fries...it's fresh) creole potato salad (very peppery but I loved it) cole slaw (nothing spectacular) After the meal, I actually had a little chat with Sam, the owner, and he truly has a passion for what he does. I told him exactly how I felt about the food and how I like my mac and cheese baked with that layer of crust on the top. I even told him that I have had better. He was good with it and he took it in stride. Again.......I was very honest with him and we actually have some mutual friends. He is a very nice guy. It's great to see how passionate owners are with their food. I will come back here a month later and hope to review it a 5 star. They have the potential to be a 5 star restaurant based purely on their food. Total was around 45 dollars.  Not bad for all of that food.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2009,12/30/2009,304,690,18,22,20>Do not overlook this bakery. This place is good for baked goods on the run. But if you have time, you should try their dishes too. They are surprisingly tasty! My family decided to have lunch here one day. We don't usually eat at Hong Kong style bakery cafes, but my mommy said the egg tarts are good here!Spicy Pork Ramen (yelp.com/biz_photos/r7hz…): My least favorite. I wanted to be adventurous, but it didn't work out for me. The pork was good, but the ramen was slightly undercooked and bland.Pork Chop with Rice (yelp.com/biz_photos/r7hz…): Oooh the pork chops were soo good! It seemed like they were lightly deep fried then covered in a light glaze. The meat was perfect, not too fatty, not too lean.Baked Spaghetti Bolognese (yelp.com/biz_photos/r7hz…): Probably the best spaghetti Bolognese ever! They didn't skimp on the ingredients. Tons of meat sauce, tons of cheese!  So hearty and filling. Mmmm!Egg tarts (yelp.com/biz_photos/r7hz…): On the house! Even though the egg tarts were not warm anymore, they were still really good! The crust was flaky. The egg was silky with just the right amount of sweetness. I can only imagine how much more delicious they are when served warm!
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2009,12/29/2009,1792,531,21,27,23>If you asked me, "What's the best thing you've spent $100 on?" I would tell you without a second guess or thought, Lululemon pants. They are quite easily my favorite article of clothing, ever. I would live in these pants if I could get away with it. I discovered Lululemon about four years ago at this location. I was shopping in the Marina and I found a pair of black and pink yoga pants on the sale rack. At the time I thought $60 on sale was a little outrageous, but when I tried them on my jaw hit the floor. Right then and there I pledged myself to Lululemon and have been a dedicated customer ever since. Their tops are also phenomenal. I am blessed with a D cup, which I am grateful for, except when I'm running. I always have to wear a sports bra plus a support shelf shirt (not a tank top). When I 'double up' in Lululemon gear, my rack is GLUED in place while I run. They don't bounce or jiggle even a millimeter. I practically forget they exist (that is until I look in a mirror). I can do yoga and pilates solely in a Lululemon top and there is no worry about one of the girls popping out during a downward facing dog pose. All those other sportswear brands don't hold a candle to Lululemon. Nike and Adidas? I wouldn't buy more than running shoes from either company. I actually think I'm insulting Lululemon by even putting them in the same category, but they do make Women's active-wear, no matter how horribly. Lucy, I have a whole review on that store, but in short, their clothes are poor in quality and shrink/fade/fall apart rather quickly. Bebe Sport can sometimes be cute, but most of their clothes are overloaded with their logo, and you wind up dressed like a tacky billboard. Also, Bebe only has S,M,L sizes, while Lululemon goes numerically (2,4,6 etc) and additionally has tall or short pants for the figures that aren't exactly 'cookie-cutter.' While my frugal mother might have a heart attack if she found out how much money I spent in this store, it's worth every penny and the comfort of their clothes is only surpassed by how amazing you look in them.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2009,12/27/2009,865,177,21,28,30>To the east of the Golden Gate Bridge, past long lawns of green grass, yacht clubs, and pigeon filled piers sits a special San Francisco monument. A long strip of land curves around the Bay, leading towards a unique natural instrument to play. The peninsula's end presents a collection of curiously constructed columns and structures. Peculiar pipes emerge like periscopes from behind the grey granite walls. Carefully carved stones create sheltered seats, surrounding a small courtyard that sinks into the sea. As waves wander through the space starts to perform for you. A symphony of strange sea sounds  sing from each pipe. The unusual notes range from high to low, each pipe gives a mighty blow.  Where can you enjoy unbeatable views of the sea while listening to this interesting harmony?The one. The only. San Francisco Wave Organ. This wondrous  work is a piece of environmental art created by Peter Richards and George Gonzales in 1986. Sponsored by the Exploratorium, this structure was designed to observe and enjoy sounds made by water moving through the space. Built using old cemetery stones and PVC pipes, everything was carefully designed with sea sounds in mind. The result? A masterpiece of physics, engineering and design. And the sound? Is like listening to the largest seashell in the Bay. Magical music and breathtaking views, will make a journey out to the Wave Organ worth it for you.  Tourist or not.... you must visit this special stone spot!
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2005,12/1/2005,3966,1827,12,11,7>I've always wondered who goes into this bar, it always seems so seedy despite being right on Market Street. Finally, went over for Friday Happy Hour and entered a world of shifty characters with a smattering of the young professional set, looking somewhat uncomfortable about how they ended up there. The bartenders are a surly but in a good way, and the drinks are stiff. Did I mention the lingerie "models" that are there every Friday and sometimes Thursday? They seem to be the sort of models that just might be available for a gentelmen (and I use that term loosely) looking for a nice escort around town, if you get my meaning. Then again, I don't really see a problem with girl-on-girl body shots done off a fleshy breast, do you?
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2005,11/30/2005,288,155,15,1,3>Cool bar. But trust me: if you're fresh, young cougar prey, take care.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2005,11/29/2005,8,47,3,5,5>I had a very good cappuccino here, with a nice little latte art touch.  Fancy red La Marzocco espresso machine, which I would consider corporate, but the place definitely has the home-made touch.  Still, it tries a little too hard to be hip.  And the logo is quasi-Communist but otherwise the place seems to bear no relationship to communism.  Pastries were just ok, menu looks like it was written by a child for no reason.  But they have wireless and lots of seating and very good coffee, so you should go.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2005,11/28/2005,376,326,13,4,6>Ok, so i wasnt ever gonna write this review, because im pretty biased. But because they are my 2nd home, caused me to gain 20 pounds last winter and had a fuckload to do with my newfound alcoholica, i owe them at least this much. They have a wine list that the gods themselves would be like "Fuck man...do we have time for this?". And they would do that vaudeville style spit-take when they said that. And one of them would be squinting and shaking his head mouth agape from side to side in disbelief. The waitstaff are incredible, like the Hulk, but less green and more fun to look at. They are ALL cute as fuck and i call them all "f-r-i-e-n-d". Honestly, their menu isnt as extensive or robust as it could be. I mean that from the sheer talent of the staff they have. Maybe they set limitations for a reason...who knows. I think they hold back. Kinda like "No Clark, we dont want you playing football...youll destroy the other kids." "I wish i was still on Krypton!" These people could make the liver from a dead bear taste like multiple mouth orgasms. They should let them really go nuts, Crispin Glover style. Ive had some custom dishes made there. The sweetest part is the open kitchen. Like a bad father at his kid's Doug Henning themed birthday party, you can get wasted while magic happens. There is this hot little spitfire that works there with black pigtails that redefines the word BADASS. Tell her Mick sent you for surprising results. No really....i have no idea what this woman is capable of...she sometimes frightens me.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,6/20/2005,11/27/2005,0,0,57,14,23>Gather 'round, kids, and let me tell you the story of how a club called "Suite 181" came to be. Or at least, how I imagine it must have happened.[SCENE: Club owner, DJ, promoter, bouncer and bartender all sit in a circle, concocting ways to suck]Club owner: Wow, we've got all this amazing space, cleverly and trendily decorated. I'm worried that this might become a fun club to go to. How am I going to keep that from happening? Help me, DJ.DJ: Worry not! I'll take my Snoop Dogg CD's, my 50 Cent CD's, my Madonna CD's, my Def Leppard CD's, and put them all in a pile. Then I'll put the rest of the music I have in another pile, and set it on fire, so that there's only a few songs that can ever be heard here, and they'll all sound the same.Owner: Excellent! Promoter, surely you can help.Promoter: Of course! I'll come up with stupid promotions to get people inside for cheap cover but not give them anything worthwhile. Also, I'll troll the Marina and the 'burbs for lame fratboy and sorority-girl types. The sorority girls will all dance with each other, and the fratboys will stand by the wall, watch, and drink.Owner: Well done, promoter! Who else will stand with us?Bouncer: I know! $20 covers will make people think they're getting into a "cool club" even though we're not. I'm also going to act snooty for no good reason.Owner: Oh ho ho! We shall become wealthy AND shitty. Aren't we clever! Bartender, you are the final piece of the shitty nightclub puzzle. If you are good, people might enjoy themselves. Do not fail me.Tender: I won't! Just give us all cookie-cutter "Suite 181" shirts to wear so that we have absolutely no individual style of our own, and we advertise constantly, even to people already inside! And don't worry, I won't serve a decent drink to anyone.So, through their five powers combined, Suite 181 came to be: A trendy club with boring music, lame people, snooty bouncers, and crappy bartenders... The ultimate shitty SF club.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2005,11/26/2005,105,713,4,3,13>I was hobbling around with a broken foot and already late for work.  I made it to the bus stop on my crutches dreading the day ahead.  A few moments passed and I looked up and saw the owner of Central Coffee coming toward me from across the street.  He was carrying my favorite bevvy.  I nearly cried!
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2005,11/24/2005,53,27,8,2,17>Sometimes on moonlit windy nights after a bit too much Maker's Mark, I sprint up to the tip top of Alamo Square Park and yell "Remember the Alamo!" Sometimes on bright days I stretch out on the grass and try to determine where the crowns of trees end and where the sky begins. Sometimes my old shoes go missing in my closet and I find them stuffed with earth and pansies in the garden at Alamo. Sometimes on Valentine's day there is a park bench I reserve with red caution tape that says "Love Crime About to be Committed". Sometimes in a headband and wooden raquet, I say "Game, Set, Match....shall we have a cocktail now?" Sometimes the downtown skyline leaps so fiercely to my eye I think I am going to explode with the weight of the ancients. Sometimes trees bend deeply at Alamo. The whole park folds. Alamo: where the grass is always greener, no matter which side.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2005,11/22/2005,133,214,5,3,11>I'm going to save a spot for my review. =) coming soon Nov 19th.Update: Ppl, I got 'em!! After 3hr of waiting in line and 30min of rampage frenziness, things finally paid off. I got so many free gifts just by being there early. They served free Monster drinks got everyone hyped up before you could get into the store. Cameras and flashes all over me! Red carpets entrance... I feel like a celebrity. When they finally opened the doors at 10am. People were screaming and uproaring. I saw girls running upstairs, snacking, and ransacking clothes out of the boxes. It was a shopping frenzied experience. They got so many cool hats and dirt cheap accessories! Jackets and jeans are extremely affordable. The clothes quality isn't the best but the style is awesome. I just can't wait for them to go on sales. The Dj played really good music. When we left around 12 noon, I saw the line went around apple store and up to crate and barrel. Let's give a big warm welcome to H&M to San Francisco. San Franciscians are going to look so trendy in a couple of weeks!!!
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,11/5/2005,11/21/2005,70,461,12,7,8>Without the 1990s Age of Irony, Urban Outfitters wouldn't exist--because they couldn't actually put a price tag on the concept of "irony" and display it in a store, they filled it with items that brush up against but never quite capture the concept.  This category of retail outlets is called the "lifestyle store."  And I sigh in relief knowing t-shirts with pseudo funny quips, so-not-money throwbacks to "Swingers" cocktail culture, and frighteningly ravaged sale item sections are not my "lifestyle."  I feel better thinking of Urban Outfitters as a museum of ironic atrocities rather than a retail store that caters to tastemakers.  But then again, my gut feeling regarding UO is:  whatever.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/15/2005,11/20/2005,42,81,3,20,8>I've been struggling with this review for days.  Blue Bottle is a tough call for me.  The verdict is kinds still out on these guys.  There is technically nothing wrong with the coffee.  The latte was good; no harshness, good temp, good froth; kinda expensive, but still alot better than some other coffee I've had.  The thing about it was that it didn't stand out, it just wasn't bad.  I actually walked around abit to figure things out.  So I went back to see if adding more espresso will do.  So I asked if I could pay a little extra to have more espresso put in.  And the man kindly obliged.  So I asked where they got their coffee to which he replied, "We get our coffee from all over the world."  This had to be the most pretentious and canned answer I've ever received.  No shit freak'n Einstine!  We all get our coffee from all over the world.  So he proceeds to ramble off a list of countries that they get their coffee from:  ".... chiapas.... honduras.... indonesia...."  I only picked up a few because he as talking very fast.  What I did figure out was was none of the origins he spoke of is really known for making good espresso beans.  Typically, African coffees provided the best flavor for espresso; but most of the time it's a blend of african and beans from everywhere.He also mention that they do a "East Coast roast which is different from what everyone else is doing in the City."  East Coast roast is also known as a cinnamon roast, which is a light roast.  A cinnamon roast is totally different from a espresso roast, which is a very dark roast.  You would never make espresso out of a cinnamon roast.  This explains alot.  If you use American coffee, also called milds for their flavor, you're not going to get alot of harshness or alot of peaks and valleys in your flavor profile.  So when you drink their latte, there's really nothing wrong with it, it's just very mellow, non-offensive.  One more tidbit: you should never get coffee from someone who has the back of the espresso machine turned towards you.  You should be able to see exactly what they are doing.  That's a big minus for me.To me, their coffee takes very little risks; there's nothing wrong with it, it's just missing alot of flavor which should be there to create a great cup of coffee.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2006,11/10/2006,373,248,26,20,22>I had to go to 4th Street to pick something up at Sur La Snob. . .no trip to 4th Street is complete without a stop at Sketch.Walking into Sketch is like walking into an oasis of sweet calmness.  The decor is clean and simple.  They have a seasonal fresh fig cake that is just about my most favorite thing ever.  The owners had kindly e-mailed me to tell me it was on the menu and I thought I'd missed it.  But there, on the sweet baked goods display was my favorite little fig treat.  Eating this cake is like eating the best fresh fig you've ever had.  I  happily snagged the two that were there.  I also got a cup of Blue Bottle Coffee which they make fresh to order.  Yum.  I wanted to get my sweetheart something so I also picked up a chocolate dipped banana, one of their handmade fudgesicles, some chocolate dipped handmade marshmallows and a large bag of their insanely delicious dark toffee with pecans, dark chocolate and sea salt.   Today was not an ice cream day for me but you can't go wrong with any of the flavors. . they are perfect - great texture, deep flavor and perfect sweetness.  Burnt Caramel is my favorite but their seasonal fruit offerings are wonderful as well.As I walked to my car I called my honey:Me:  "Hi, honey!  I just got you some treats from Sketch!"Him:  "Nice!  What'd you get me?"  Me:  "Lots and lots of yummy stuff.  You'll see when you get home."Him:  "Cool.  I will be home by 6."I get home and put his frozen treats in the freezer and arrange the little bags of candy in a cute bowl on the coffee table.  As I am watching mindless reruns I decide that I should make  sure the stuff I bought  is good.  You know, quality control.  The marshmallows are perfectly cut cubes of masterfully made marshmallows. . .most hand made marshmallows have so much gelatin in them that they are like super-balls. . .tight enough to bounce of a wall but these, these were perfect.  I ate one and it was delicious. . ."hmm,"  I thought, "I wonder if this is 70% bittersweet chocolate . . .it's so dark, so bitter. . .maybe one more".  Grabs another marshmallow."Yeah, that's got to be 72%  - it's perfect with the innate sweetness of the marshmallow.  Hey, are those cacao nibs?"Grabs another."Wow, that's a great idea.  The nibs are subtle but you can taste that smoky layer of flavor.  Gosh, I wonder how they got this perfect texture?"Grabs another marshmallow. . . Uh oh. .. only one left. . .how'd that happen??  Thank god the cute packaging is resealable.Later. . ..honey is running late. . .it's 7pm and I am hungry for dinner. . . I think to myself - "I think I'll check out this toffee stuff.  Just a little piece."The bag is full of large shards of toffee that is studded with pecans and slathered in dark chocolate with a restrained dusting of sea salt. Takes a bite.  Whoa.  Whoa.  How in the hell is this so f'in good??  It's sweet, bitter, and salty all at once.  How do they do this??  Honey finally gets home.  Him: "So, where are my treats?"I hand him the bowl.  HIm: "Oh.  Wow.   They sure do spend a lot on packaging for such a wee amount.   What is this little white thing?"Me: "It's a marshmallow."Him: "Did you take a bite of this?"Me: "Well, duh, I had to taste it."Him:  "What's this in the other bag?"Me: "Those are chocolate pecan toffee bits."Him: "What are these for?  They are so tiny and again, what's with the giant bag for such a small amount?"Me: "Um, they are for sprinkling on ice cream. . .yeah, that's right, for sprinkling onto ice cream."Sketch.  If you haven't been there, go.  If you have, go again.  Amazing products made by two amazingly talented people.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2006,11/9/2006,992,1060,49,19,18>I've been lied to so many times I'm cold inside. Cold and dead.Me: Do you have this in medium?Z: Sorry, we're out, but we get new shipments twice a week.Well, you know what? I went back and everything was EXACTLY THE SAME. No mediums. That speck of dust didn't even move. Everything is so stylish and affordable. The only problem is that they are always out of my size, and they don't have an online store. I love the goods, but I cannot buy. It's as sad as being a diabetic in a candy shop, and hurts like the time someone slipped flour into my coke line.
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/27/2006,11/8/2006,308,1102,52,33,18>Fantastic first date spot for hipsters. I know this because it's the only place I've ever been on a date and ran into one of my friends who was ALSO on a date. I had the nerdy hipster boy (of course, the glasses gets them in every single time) and she had the just got home from Williamsburg and would not shut up about it hipster boy who had like, 40 pairs of Adidas in his apartment and thought he was black (no, seriously, he really thought that he had a deep kinship with the brothers) (to which most of them responded -- "nigga, please!").Anyway, On that same date, I traded the last piece of sushi for some cunnilingus. I have mighty fine negotiation skills, people. Also: I am full of class. ALSO: please feel free to mark this review as useful. Very, very useful. I've been in Laura B's van so I can copy her at will.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/23/2006,11/6/2006,155,0,25,11,8>Eh.  My beige sensibility is not refined enough to tell the difference between Room & Board's aesthetic and Crate & Barrel or Pottery Barn.  I missed that day of Yuppie training.  This couple came up and looked at this one beige couch and pointed to another beige couch nearby and said, "oh, I just love this beige much better than that beige.  It's more of a taupe."  I laughed.  Behind their back, of course.  My Mom raised me to be polite with my insults like a good American.  But oh my God, I knew I needed to get out of there.We have been looking for a couch for a couple months now.  I've always heard that Room & Board is the best place for urban-styled, classic furniture that is well-made and won't break the bank (too much). I went to Crate & Barrel and Pottery Barn too, and if I had to tell you the difference between a couch from any of those places, even if my life depended on it, I would have to rely on pure luck to save me.  If I had to take a guess, I would say the quality of Room & Board construction and fabric is higher and the prices are about the same, so in that sense it is a winner.  Also, they are focused solely on furniture, so the selection is greater than the other two.   Basically, their couch selection reminds me of that episode of Star Trek where the tribbles get on board The Enterprise ("Trouble with Tribbles") and they just keep multiplying.  It's like there's maybe 3 different varieties of tribbles and their offspring just change color: from taupe to ecru to tan.  Oh, except they had this one funky white couch that had the back facing one direction on one end, open in the middle, and then the back faces the opposite way on the other end.  So basically, you have a totally non-functional couch where the people sitting on it can never engage in the same activity or conversation because they are facing away from each other.  You know how at Best Buy they bundle extended warranty with their products?  They could probably bundle couple's therapy with this couch.P.S. We are getting our couch at EQ3.  For all you beige-haters, their aesthetic may suit you better.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2005,11/4/2006,100,512,19,7,8>On second thought, don't go there. It's too good for you. Update: Still too good for you.
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2006,11/2/2006,98,205,46,30,25>WARNING: If you take your girlfriend, she may exclaim that she had been looking forward to sex that night, but after having the chocolate souffle she already felt fully satisfied.Before I start, let me say that I sat at the bar to eat. My girlfriend and I had no reservations, we simply called ahead to see if there was room and had two seats at the bar within a minute of walking in. Let me also say that I didn't see any seats open up the entire time we were there.I should also mention that I'm a pescetarian, so the vast majority of Gary Danko's menu was out.  I don't think there was one item under the fish entrees that I could eat because of stray pieces of bacon. That didn't matter. The food was so fantastic that the lack of choices didn't bother me at all.My girlfriend and I split three appetizers that were easily big enough to be entrees: the corn soup, the butterfly shaped tuna and the tomato salad.The corn soup was so unbelievable that I actually used the bread in front of me to get every last bit. In fact, I would have been truly happy ordering nothing but the corn soup had I not tried the chocolate souffle. It was outstanding.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2006,10/31/2006,358,3,19,17,14>Oh Mary, Mary my Mary!Oooohhhh, ahhh, mmmm, purrrrrI feel like butter.I lost the power of speech for a while after this massage. I've had a chronic neck, shoulder problem for 13 years and no one has ever worked on my neck the way Mary did today. She hit all the right spots, the spots I didn't even know I had. Plus my job is physical so I have all sorts of knots, pains and tight spots in my body. Mary really went to town to tenderize me.I asked Mary to marry me but I don't think I'm her type. Oh well, I'll just have to schedule another massage to be in her presence again.P.S. In case you don't know this; ask for what you want. If you feel she is pressing too hard, say something. If you want a relaxing and not a deep tissue massage, say something. Communication is a good thing.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2006,10/29/2006,0,0,,,>Too many people!! Too many people! Too many people!I can't breathe! I can't breathe.Why is he looking at me? Is there booger on my face? I hope there's not a booger up my nose! (squeezed nose) Ooh, my nose is a bit sticky! There could be a booger up my nostrils, possibly visible to everyone walking opposite me. I hope it's not green. Mother answer your phone. I am getting dizzy around these many people. No, no connection. Where am I? Furla, there's Furla? There's H&M? Aren't there two within a three-block radius? Do we really need one more? Reiss, that's new. Bloomingdale is huge. Oh, there's a string trio playing. (listened for 15 minutes) That cellist needs more practice! Who took that picture? Hey, give me that camera. WHY!?! Cause you took a picture of me with the light on my right side. I prefer the light on my left, like Streisand! AND THE LIGHT IS TOO HARSH - I prefer SOFT LIGHTING!! And I may have a booger up my nose!
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/20/2006,10/28/2006,3966,1827,19,37,20>Let me start by saying that I love Marc Jacobs and all that he stands for! He's one of my favorite high-end designers, and I like all the stuff he's put his name on. One of my favorite campaigns was his Marc Jackass campaign, since I love the notion of poking fun at oneself.But after a couple of visits to this particular Marc store (which carries his more mid-priced line), I gotta say I'm disappointed. Not by the clothes, or cool accessories. Not by the liberal leanings and political agenda channeled through t-shirts. I still like those things.I'm just disappointed that each time I've gone in here, not one sales rep has come up to ask me if I needed any help. A friend of mine and I even tested this on Monday. We went in, I was crouched down looking at their sunglass display for about five minutes. The four staff on duty  were bantering about switching around their schedules, so one of them could go to a concert or something. They didn't interact with any customers in the store the entire time! I'm not saying I want a pushy salesperson, but I do think a cool Marc attitude like, "Hey man, if you need anything just holler" would have been appropriate. Talk about a broken social scene.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2005,10/27/2006,0,0,24,4,6>Whole Foods has good veggies, tasty food, and the salad bar gives you everything you can imagine. I feel as though sweet jesus followed me to SF when I moved here, and constructed the beer aisle just for me. I love Whole Foods.But be warned! If you just go to grocery stores to buy food and then leave, YOU ARE NOT READY FOR WHOLE FOODS. At lunch especially, Whole Foods transforms from grocery store to "dayclub with food incidentally available for purchase." That is, it becomes a total singles scene. There are the gaggles of gals there from work pecking at the lunch bar, and the few stray guys who wander in for a slice of lasagna and a six-pack. And everybody is checking everybody out. It's WEIRD. You people are WEIRD. If you just stand and look around for 5 minutes, you can watch Craigslist Missed Connections ads develop right in front of you, between the lettuce and the green beans.You're weird. Pick up groceries at Whole Foods, not guys. Thank you.
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,2/26/2012,276,352,14,12,11>I only come here for "special" occasions with the bf. So..this means:-We share an entire bottle of sparkling wine. Yep, we'll finish the whole bottle. Champagnes are for snobs..or really pretty people who have lots of money. =[ -Our go to dishes: Mango Salad, Salt and Pepper Calamari, Garlic Noodles, and Roast Crab. Sure, other things look tasty on the menu, but these are so good that I refuse to waver! We did try the drunken crab once, but the roast crab wins hands down. -The Lava cake is to DIE for! Amazing!!! I also tried the Irish Coffee, but meh..I rather just stick with my sparkling wine and Lava Cake. With tip, I say our meal averages at least $150-200, depending on the bottle of wine and market price of the crab. Very expensive for cheapies like us, but every once in awhile, we like to spoil ourselves and eat ramen for the rest of the month.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,2/25/2012,535,143,13,13,11>I came here for the introductory lesson.  All three students in our intro class were law students.  I'm not surprised - law students need to de-stress somehow!  Apparently it is either through alcohol, BDSM, or rock climbing.  No joke!1) The introductory lesson is around $25 - $28.2) Make sure you make a reservation.  They have a morning class, 2:30 PM class, and a 6:00 PM class. (Don't be like me and show up at 3:30!)3) Class usually lasts about an hour but can take longer.4) You get a day pass for the same day with the purchase of the intro lesson.5) Bring a lock for the provided lockers.Our instructor was friendly and helped me see the rock climbing light at the end of tunnel.  Because we were late to a concert, he even issued us vouchers to continue our climbing another day.  Maybe it's because he got to make fun of me so much?  It's not a secret I'm not too coordinated.Did you know there is even a sauna in the changing room?  It's a great room for drying off from the rain or a shower(blow drying is inefficient in my opinion)!  You can even use it for traditional sauna purposes!  The possibilities are endless.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2011,2/24/2012,631,981,25,35,29>Oh, what irony!  I used to come to the previous restaurant (New Crockery Café) located at this same site specifically for their half pound beef burgers and their gigantic turkey sandwiches smothered in mayo, and now that Source has taken over the space with their high quality organic vegan menu I find myself coming in here just as often.To date this is my favorite vegan restaurant in the San Francisco Bay Area.  Everything I've eaten here I have loved, and I always leave with my plate empty.  That's saying quite a lot considering some of their vegan burger plates are huge.  So far I've only had their burgers, pizzas, pasta and desserts, but there are so many other menu entrees and appetizers I have yet to try.For me the individual pizzas are a highlight here.  They make their own mozzarella in-house although other dairy cheeses and vegan cheeses are available upon request.  The pizzas are shaped oblong and cut into six pieces.  Their crust is soft and crunchy on the edges but light and airy at its base.  I once had a special of the day pizza with spinach, zucchini and pesto (yelp.com/biz_photos/xNCZ…) that was absolutely amazing, but my default pie here is Da Bronx (yelp.com/biz_photos/xNCZ…) which features a sweet plum tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella, olive oil and a sprinkle of fresh basil.  When you come in you can't help but to notice their huge brick oven shaped like a dragon's head.If you come in really hungry the massive vegan burgers they serve here should fill you up quite nicely.  Their burgers consists of beets, celery, carrots, lentils, mushrooms, bulgar, herbs, soy protein, garlic & onions.  They are served inside a pita shell accompanied by delicious crispy fries.  I've tried several to date and my favorite is the Avocado Oink Bits Mozzarella Burger (yelp.com/biz_photos/xNCZ…) which is the basic burger combined with a layer of fresh mozzarella, ripe avocado and Oink, crispy textured soy protein created to mimic the taste and texture of real bacon.  I love how the restaurant's owner comments that his burgers are always cooked a "perfect medium rare".  Based on color yes they are!In addition to several pastas of American, Asian and Italian influence on their regular menu Source features a Pasta of the Day special.  I have ordered twice from the specials menu and have walked away completely satisfied every time.  The most delicious one to date was elbow macaroni in a cream of mushroom soup base with sauteed spinach, Cluck (textured soy protein created to mimic chicken) and Oink topped with fresh mozzarella and baked until it was bubbly (yelp.com/biz_photos/xNCZ…).  This came with fresh baked bread drizzled in a light syrup that was absolutely amazing.The restaurant serves a wide variety of decadent vegan desserts as well.  I've only tried one to date, and thought it was a bit sweet for my taste.  I had a peanut butter and chocolate "snowball" (yelp.com/biz_photos/xNCZ…).  This was a moist and airy dark chocolate cake covered in a sweet peanut butter flavored confection and finished with a chocolate glaze.  If you don't have an extreme sweet tooth I don't recommend these.One other thing I really love here is their organic Ginger Beer soda (yelp.com/biz_photos/xNCZ…).  If you love the taste of real ginger give this a try.  Your mouth will thank you.Amazing organic vegan food that not only looks good but tastes good too!  That's Source!  Check them out!
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2011,2/23/2012,295,300,14,16,15>love the de young! they have so many exhibits for everyone's different tastes..i've been here a handful of times but my most memorable exhibits were of course the fashion ones! i can easily spend hours going through the exhibit and then going through it again because i cant help myself and wish all of the stunning pieces were in my closet..i believe my first fashion exhibit at de young was vivienne westwood..amazing!deyoung.famsf.org/deyoun…next came.. yves saint laurent.. blew my mind!famsf.org/pressroom/pres…recently..balenciaga and spain.. wow!deyoung.famsf.org/pressr…my friend and i visited the olmec exhibit before the balenciaga exhibit (wanted to save the best for last, imo) and my friend asked me if it was the same olmec as in the big, talking head on the legends of the hidden temple.. i had no clue.. that show was on so long ago! hahaim already planning my next visit which is to see the picasso exhibit.. cant wait! tips: -buy your tix online.. it's a couple bucks off and you don't have to wait in line when you get there..-go on free day! which is the first tues of every month
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2011,2/22/2012,134,108,9,16,10>Mr. Smiths is a classy and intimate bar/lounge located in downtown San Francisco. If you're looking for an upscale, sophisticated bar with a mature crowd...Mr. Smiths is the spot. The dance floor is located downstairs and is even equipped with its own bar!My favorite thing about this place are the friendly bartenders. They were pleasant to talk to and very accommodating. My cousin and I were given free patron shots to start our night. I assure you, we were very happy.There are two gripes I have about this place..I was very disappointed to find out that this bar does not serve any "bomb" drinks or Long Islands. My favorite drink is a Long Island and it is the one drink I always drink when I'm out. Lastly, beware! It is absolutely not safe to walk around this area in the late hours of the night.Other than that, two thumbs up for Mr. Smiths!
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,2/21/2012,752,1357,19,24,24>(See pics) Review # 1100.Future Michelin star. AQ wows me more than I can verbally express or literally describe. Let me try.Came here for 2 seasons now, Autumn and Winter. You can tell when you walk through that door of magic. Look at the floor and around for the setting. It changes seasonally.-- BRUNCH (scroll further for dinner reviews)We first came here for brunch. The Monkey bread (with raisins and walnuts), off the menu beignets with bacon, farm eggs with lamb merguez and guaillo chile, egg Benedict, all were excellent, freshly baked, prepared, very tasty with lots of tones in them, perfect on a Sunday.The most amazing dish was cured sturgeon with beets, cucumber, horseradish and rye bread. When Mark Liberman personally delivered it, this was before I knew he was THE chef, all I could say was, "oh wow did you just make this?" Funny enough he was shocked and responded, "why yes of course I did!" I laughed and immediately said, "it was just too beautiful and I could not believe this piece of art!" It was more than surprising to know such a delicate and detailed edible dish was prepared on the spot.We also had a chance chatting with Matt and learned about the history of the brick walls, the setting, the reason why the restaurant is in this very neighborhood-- to bring great cuisine to an upcoming area, and while striving on the high quality, it brings down the cost to also attract the neighbors.During these conversations, we had a few excellent mixed cocktails by Tim the master, who continuously invented and created new drinks as well as some classics. The forever warming and knowledgeable Kristen even took us a tour to their basement where all the aging meat, chalkboard that's changing depending on the seasons, the future whiskey lounge, and all the dreams the team dreams of. They are all here.So what is a 5 star place? It's when you dream of it everyday, yearning, planning and scheduling to have a dinner here that you can't wait for a few weeks and must visit here, not just the desire, but to affirm the experience, and try to curb the enthusiasm by verbally admiring the chef or be mesmerized by his culinary skills.-- AUTUMN DINNER (scroll further for Winter dinner)The squid and octopus brushed with a strip of black sesame on the bottom tasted light and the meat was so tender and soft. Forget about every rubbery squid experience you had before. It was refreshing and beautifully done, with creme fraiche and fruit in between to cleanse you palate. This was the part when you ate with your eyes closed. Decadent.The drizzling Douglas fir oil on paper mushroom, wild mushroom, and fresh sweet crab meat (the claw) on the risotto was Bravo. The risotto was perfectly soft but with firm texture. Delicate.The thick medium pork was very juicy as you can cut though it like butter using a regular knife. It was accompanied with littleneck clams that perfectly brought out the taste. The spicy chorizo was added to the excitement. The leafy green was a great cleanser and gazebo beans volumized just in case. So beautifully presented like art.My first dinner there was their last day of the Autumn menu, Mark provided a sneak preview of the Winter menu, aged duck, pork belly in replacement of lamb tongue and veal that were deemed to be more of Autumn, as well as Asian pears over beets.Panna cotta with huckleberries- sweet ending!-- WINTER DINNERCame back for the Winter menu as we rolled into a chillier and rainy weather.The chef decided to appreciate guests showing up on a rainy evening by serving a complimentary gift-- silky rich soup with soft mushroom and delicate greens with a strip of toasted green. Warming sensation to start a great dinner.The venison tartare was created in front of my eyes as the chef put the finely cubed venison perfectly mixed with celeriac, a scoop of ice cream on top with a couple curly parsley and a slice of coffee cake. Totally delicious, pretty and refreshing.The best was the medium rare duck aged on the bone with beetroot juice that's structured in gelatin and as strips, lightly melted on top, with cured olives! Obsession.Dark chocolate chibouste- sweet ending with De La Paz coffee from next door.Mark is an extremely talented artist, not just the taste but the visual sensation that brings you into his world. Later at night when the crowd started going home, he'd bring out his little notebook and iPhone, dropping new notes, while preparing his dishes for the following day, which is always a bit different.This alone gives you the perspective what a real chef artist Mark is, that he is able to source proper ingredients. This showcases the chef's ability to use the best seasonal and available items and create new dishes. It also keeps you anticipating and yearning to come back and try new dishes, as they are written on the chef's chalkboard, usually only about 2 weeks ahead.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2012,2/20/2012,198,277,189,59,63>A trip to The Endup almost always cycles through the 5 stages of Grief.Stage 1: DenialNo. I'm totally not going to the Endup. Every time I go to the Endup I end up partying til 6 in the morning and feeling like a bulldozer has ploughed through my brain for the subsequent week.I don't care who's spinning and how good he/she is, I'm just not drunk enough to be felt up by meth heads and rolling 50 year olds for the next hour.Stage 2: AngerUggggh. I can't believe I agreed to come here.And I fucking forgot there's a fucking cover. WHY AM I PAYING A FUCKING COVER FOR A PLACE THAT DOESN'T EVEN FUCKING SERVE ALCOHOL ANYMORE? I fucking hate the Endup.I fucking hate myself, and my fucking friends who dragged me here.Stage 3: BargainingUgh. OK, I'm here. And I've paid the cover.I'm not going to pay a cover and be a bitch for the rest of the night.I might as well make the most of it. I'll dance for, like, an hour, then leave at 4. Sharp.Unless a great DJ comes on, in which case I can leave at 5.But I'm definitely not gonna stay til 6.Unless Michelle want to stay til 6.In which case I'll stay but I definitely won't start drinking.Unless someone buys the drink. It doesn't count if you don't pay for it.Stage 4: DepressionUgh.There's a funny taste in my mouth.Shit, I just smoked 3 cigarettes. I can't believe I just smoked 3 cigarettes.Oh my god, I'm starting to feel feelings.Shit, I think I'm SOBER.Who is this guy I'm dancing with?Shit, this guy looks like he lost a fight with a lamp post.Oh my god, everyone here is a fucking druggie.Is this seriously my life?I'm sobering up at some drug house in the middle of SOMAwhereWho am I?What happened to "In bed by 2"?I fucking hate my life.My life sucks just like these other people's lives suck.Stage 5: AcceptanceWell shit, it's 6 am at the Endup, and the bar is opening again.I mean, if I'm going to be wrecked the rest of the week, I might as well have TONS of fun today.I'll grab 2 drinks at the bar, just to take the edge off.And fuck it, I've smoked 3 cigarettes already, might as well smoke a whole pack and just never do it ever again.This DJ's pretty good, actually.The crowd doesn't look so bad now that the bar's opening again.Wait...what's this song?I FUCKING LOVE THIS SONG!LET'S FUCKING DANCE TO THIS SONG!.......(an hour later)......I LOVE THIS PLACE!I LOVE THESE PEOPLE!I FUCKING LOVE THE ENDUP!I'M GONNA COME HERE ALL THE TIME!Wait, we're LEAVING? We can't LEAVE!!! It's only 7 am and it's just started to get GOOD!Yeah.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2011,2/19/2012,506,226,21,18,18>I seriously need some help.  I think I'm turning into a Macaron.  Macarons $1.50 eachChocolate - Lavender - Vanilla - Coconut - PistachioOk....the crunch, the chew, the overall consistency?  It was there.  The flavors?  It was wherever Carmen San Diego was.  Where in the world is Carmen San Diego?  Exactly.  The only mac that had a hint of it's real flavor was the pistachio one.  The lavender one just tasted like a plain mac w/strawberry jelly.  I could not find a taste, a whiff even- of lavender.  Damn you Carmen!!!  BUT! The Chocolate Creme De Pot ($4.25) saved the day.  This sinful treat was rich, buttery, borderline toffee-y, smooth, calorific, and worth every single penny.  Definitely will not be my last, for sure.Glad there's finally a location for Peninsula folk.  Service was a bit slow, but I think once they work out the "new kid on the block" kinks they'll survive fine.  For a location visual, they're right next door to Starbucks.  Cleverly placed, no? ;)
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2012,2/18/2012,944,543,20,22,21>Epic anniversary dinner with epic proportion.Well, not quite...but I thought the title would be appropriate for the occasion and location.Date: Friday, November 18, 2011Time: Approximately 1930 hoursLocation: Epic Roasthouse by the Embarcadero with a wonderful view of the Bay Bridge and Da BayMade reservations with their wonderful Manager Taryn, and was looking forward to my dinner date with Da Wifey. Upon arrival, Hostess sat us with a panoramic view of the bridge and the bay. The ambiance is rich, elegant and industrial chic with a massive wheel and pipes in the main dining area. There's also large fireplace, which serves as a focal point, and makes one's dining experience a soothing one.Got started with a glass of red for Da Wifey and a brewskie for me. A couple of delightful appetizers (Fried Baby Artichokes with Pork Belly and Crudo) were ordered followed by a couple of exquisite Chef's Specialty Surprises courtesy of Taryn. The items were off the menu and one of them was a Lobster Salad. It was sublime. For the main course, we both had the 25 oz Wood Oven Roasted Ribeye. Wifey had hers medium rare and I was feeling a bit adventurous and had mine prepared Pittsburgh-style. It was described as a steak that has been heated to a very high temperature very quickly, so it is charred on the outside but still rare or raw on the inside. The degree of rareness and the amount of charring on the outside may vary according to taste. Yes, I love my steak rare and pretty bloody. I guess in Pittsburgh, they refer to it as Black and Blue as I later begrudgingly discovered why the term came about.Huge chunk of meats with bone in were presented with a side of of Gold Potatoes, Horseradish, Black Pepper and Creme Fraiche. Da Wifey had a bite and she suddenly turned into Billy Crystal as she uttered the word, "Simply Mahvelous!" I, on the other hand, was still cutting my meat and thought this must be the reason it's referred to Black and Blue. You really have to work for your cut of meat. But once you get  a piece of charred and raw meat, it really is a distinct flavor and one that must get accustomed to. The best way to describe it is Yin and Yang. Two completely different texture and flavor but work well together. By the time I was done with my chunk of meat, it was utter chaos of a carcass that a caveman would be proud of. I really was black and blue from the challenge of continuous cutting, chewing and digesting. A process that I thoroughly enjoyed in epic scale.Da Wifey could not finish her meat, so we placed it in a doggie bag as she planned to have it for breakfast the following morning. She had envisioned steak and eggs that morning, but it never came to fruition since our Labrador Retriever managed to steal the steak for her breakfast. Epic Fail!But that is another story.All in all, it was an epic good time, and epic night with an epic ending.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2011,2/17/2012,716,163,24,27,26>For my 100th review I guess I'd have to give it to Victoria Pastry Company.Growing up in this neighborhood ....Victoria Pastry Company was always my favorite.  I had my first Chocolate Eclair here and had it many more times after that.....today it's just as tasty as I can remember.The Eclair is filled with either Whipped Cream or Custard and topped off with a Chocolate Frost.  You have got to bite into this....it's lite, it's tasty.....I don't mind getting whipped cream all over my mouth while eating this....but please do not touch my Eclair.The St. Honore CakeThis was also one of my favorite cake in my younger days and today it still is.  The St. Honore Cake is a Vanilla pastry cream flaky crust and layered with rum soaked sponge layers and topped off with a ring of vanilla cream puffs.  Should you order a whole cake you can ask for extra cream puffs.  Do not take a slice of St. Honore Cake without the Cream Puff......because they go hand and hand.  Not too sweet, you can taste the Rum a little.  A fun cake to eat!!The Princess Cakeyelp.com/biz_photos/VxtD…yelp.com/biz_photos/VxtD…3 sections of sponge cake filled with whipped cream, vanilla custard and raspberry filling.  This is topped off with a Marzipan icing (Green, Pink or Natural color).  I brought this cake into work for a celebration and it was gone within 20 minutes.  At our company usually we have lots of cake left over...but not this time.Next the cookies....Amaretti Plain Cookie and the Amaretti Pinenut (Pignolli) Cookie.yelp.com/biz_photos/VxtD…This is a Macaroon almond mix and on the sweet side of thing....this is made with egg whites.  The Pignolli has Pinenuts added to the cookie.  Both cookies are on the rich side but very tasty.The Torroneyelp.com/biz_photos/VxtD…Torrone is an Italian candy, very popular in Italy.  They make their own at Victory Pastry.  It's made of Honey, Fresh roasted Hazelnuts and nougat.  Very chew nougat.  The Nougat is sold in blocks....I like to cut up the blocks into small so it's easier to eat.All this was around for me when I was growing up and today they continue to put a smile on my face.Special orders be sure to call it in or go online and place your order!I've not had an item here that has failed me......They take cash and Credit Cards....There are a few tables available for having a snack and some coffee.Enjoy the food, enjoy the fun!!Rating - 5 stars from ever since I can remember.Service - 5 stars....very nice people.Parking can be a challenge in this area.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2008,9/18/2008,232,126,6,25,26>Sometimes good things just keep on coming! My girl Amy decided to take me to Michael Mina to celebrate a special, belated birthday dinner since I was stuck in Asia and delayed our original schedule. She even managed to bring a fancy bottle of red wine for this particular meal, I couldn't ask for more. This is why I love the States! Anyway, on to the restaurant and the food!.Michael Mina at evening is unique and romantic in its own right with the grand, majestic high ceiling. The light is dimmed and comfortable, you can still see your date perfectly yet dark enough to retain the mesmerizing ambiance. I would say the decor is the perfect blend of chic and classic designs that is welcoming enough for just about anyone. It is certainly not over-pretentious like the Dining Room at Ritz Carlton, but that's just to me.The service is top notch and exquisite, as expected from upscale French restaurants. What's more is that our waiter was very patient and never intrusive. I was paying extra attention because we did bring our own bottle of wine for the night. 5 stars!On to the food, at MM you basically have two choices for the tasting menu. You can choose the classic 3 course for $100, or the seasonal 5 course  tasting menu for $135. We opted for the classics based on the wide variety of Foie Gras and Seafood to choose from.I have to say I was certainly impressed by the substantial portion of each plate of food from Appetizers to Entree. It really did feel like a 6 course dinner because each plate was presented in 3 distinctively different styles. Although we had to shell out more $$ for the popular appetizers.Appetizers-Foie Gras (+$15)- Out of the three flavors, I adore the old styled seared Foie Gras, and Foie Gras with Mashed Pork and Melon. They both taste delectable and the texture are amazing.American Classic Seafood Trio- In this Trio, The Lobster Roll and Mashed Sweet Shrimp simply blow us away. The lobster bites are fresh and sweet with just enough Mayo on the crunchy bread. The mashed sweet shrimp is prepared with a sweet and light sauce. It is simply divine.Entree-Duck Breast- The duck breast is tender and flavorful. All 3 preparation compliment the well cooked meat perfectly. Of course, my heart goes to the Seared Foie Gras, the melted Foie Gras on top of the lightly salted duck breast is to die for.Lamb Chop- I am a bit disappointed with this entree, because the supreme medium rare cooked Lamb chop only occupies a third of the plate. While the lamb chop itself is ultra scrumptious, the rest 2 presentation of Braised Lamb and Lamb steak lacks the juicy texture that is sacrosanct to high end lamb preparation. Desserts-Chocolate Floral- The white chocolate moose is superb in this trio, as it is rich, creamy, and not overly sweet. Unfortunately it is the only thing in the group worth mentioning. The food in Michael Mina left a little something to be desired, I personally thought it would be even better if they offer more variety on exotic seafood without paying extra on top of the exorbitant $100 per person. (Both appetizer and entree) But, what's a better way to spend a lovely night for a belated birthday with my girl here overlooking the ever charming Union Square?4.5/5
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2008,9/17/2008,315,242,33,42,44>This past Mother's Day, we took my sister out to do everything *she* wanted to do.  After so much sacrifice (e.g. taking all the burnt or broken pieces of food, giving up the last strawberry, and passing on the Orson elite event as my +1), she deserved this excursion into the city, and I must say, every single person who needed to pitch in to make this day special came through with flying colors.  At the end of the day, we went to the Ferry Building to check out the shops and maybe pick up some stuff for dinner.  Woooo Cowgirl Creamery!  I stayed with the kids while my sister talked to the people behind the counter and made her selections.  Every so often, her husband would come out with little slivers of cheese for my nephew (who so helpfully sat in the stroller the whole day) and I to share.  Gruyere - wonderful (and I'm not a Swiss kinda gal).  WONDERFUL, I say!The third time my brother-in-law came out with a sample, he said, "This one is from GALAX!" GALAX!(as in, "Gay-lax" - home of the Maroon Tide and the Galax Fiddlers Convention, not to mention 30 minutes from, and the closest city to, Wytheville, VA - see my hometown, at left)en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ga…Ooooh, who knew a cheese shop at the Ferry Building in SF would carry a cheese from our little neck of the woods?  Needless to say, we picked up a wedge, along with the gruyere and a blue (my favorite of the three).  Wonderful wonderful part of our Mother's Day dinner, which also consisted of bread from Acme, avocados and tomatoes, and prosciutto and serrano ham, topped off with a bottle of Balbas wine.  Perfect.  Happy Mother's Day Nese...you deserved this perfect day (and you deserve it EVERY day)!
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2007,9/16/2008,163,200,18,20,24>I'm a creature of habit.  When I find something I like, I stick to it.  If you get to know me well you'll discover that my loyalty runs deep, I'm still a Dodgers and Lakers fan after years of identifying as a Nor Cal girl, I drink the same drinks at the same bars, I get my nails done religious at the same place by the same woman every week, I get my sashimi fix from the same group of sushi chefs and the list goes on almost indefinitely so I won't continue to bore you with the details of my quotidian life.  Needless to say, there are a few restaurants that I keep coming back to like an easy booty call.I've been a huge fan of EOS since the days when I  was a fresh face and naive Berkeley girl moving into the city after my world-wind tour that included studying abroad.  I can still vividly recall the first meal I had there four years ago despite my level of intoxication and my fresh out of college lack of wine tolerance. SF boyfriend #1 and I had the tea smoked duck breast, the shitake mushroom dumplings, the ahi tuna tower and a few other dishes that came out after a few rounds of wine that rest in my unconscious aka the place where my drunken thoughts go to die. On my visit last night I decided to write about another ordinary thing I love so much but I have never spent the time commemorating by Yelping it for the whole world to see my affection.  The shitake dumplings are beyond amazing, I could spend my entire evening extracting every last drop of sauce in that little bowl even if it meant the need to lick my fingers afterward.  The crispy skin salmon is so good, if you love salmon skin hand-rolls imagine that but bigger and juicier because you also get to sink your teeth into pink young flesh as well.  The food is an interesting blend of Asian influences, I know what you're thinking, freakin fusion, but let's just say I trust these woks wielding non-Asians because their food is amazing and even my mother would agree.  The wine list is a balanced assortment of whites and reds from all over the world.  Who doesn't love a plethora of wines by the glass?  I love wine and I love food and this is where I go when I'm in the mood to do some casual wine tasting and feast on some amazing food as well.  It's funny how few restaurants in the this wine and food crazed city can get this combination right, good job EOS you were the maverick in this much needed arena. My only criticism is that one of the girls at the bar couldn't muster anything but good for all the different wines I had questions about.  This is SF honey,  if a patron questions you about a wine be prepared to start sprouting words like fruit forward, tannins, complex finish, earthy and so on.
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2007,9/15/2008,331,587,48,33,38>A few weeks ago I was famished.  My life had changed a lot and my appetite drastically declined.  One day it caught up with me.  A voice in my head said, "if you don't eat in five minutes, you are going to pass out and get your nice white coat dirty."That got me going.I swiped $20 from my boss' drawer, and walked up the street to get two char sius at the Dim Sum Bar.I walked in, ordered my goods, and took out the pocketed $20 to pay.Cashier says he cannot brake a $20 (my grand total was $2).  My knees start shaking.  My head is spinning.  "So just give me $2 some other day.  Here's your dumplings."I was so thankful; if I had the strength I might have hugged him.Five seconds later I slip on a manhole cover and fall flat on my face on the cement.  The dumplings fly in the air and tumble out of the container, onto the dirty, wet ground.  I was 97% sure that I was still going to eat them.  Dim Sum man runs out of the restaurant and asked if I was okay.  He helps me up.  Before I could answer, he picks up the dirty dumplings and gives me two fresh ones.  I never knew that my knight would be a Fubu-wearing twenty-something Korean man, but there is a lot that I don't know.
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2008,9/14/2008,224,695,9,15,12>Yup.  It's a 5-star movie theatre.  Even though they charge service fees at popular times.Here's why.You can go online in advance of your movie (like a week before for example), select your movie, your showtime, and your SEATS.  Then, you can get to the theatre just a few minutes before the movie starts, get your fancy chocolate truffles, peets coffee, and popcorn, and amble into the theatre 30 seconds before they dim the lights, sure in the knowledge that you won't be stuck on the side of the front row because it's full.Why else?  Cuz when you buy your tickets there, they show you the seat map and you pick your seats.  If only crap seats are left, you find out before paying out the $$, and aren't stuck walking into the theatre and cussing your shitty seats.Why else?  No commercials or stupid movietunes radio bullshit.  'Nuff said.Why else?  2 full bars.  In the complex.  And if you're sitting in the balcony of the big theatre, you can take your booze (and food) into the show.  Brilliant.Why else?  Big, comfy, cushy, rocking, movable armrest (for the movie cuddling), head-resting chairs in stadium seating.  Those are damn nice seats.Why else?  The friendliest, most helpful employees I've ever encountered in a movie complex.  Seriously.  Are you all profit sharing or something?  Wow.The only downsides?  The Kabuki parking lot is expensive, and the 2 bottom floor screens are TINY.  But these are easily avoidable.Nicely done Sundance, nicely done.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2008,9/13/2008,18,134,19,6,16>Dosa is like the boy you had the perfect date with who then waits 5 days to call you. You eat that coconut rice and you obsess. And obsess some more. And remember how good each bite was. And wish you could spend more time with Dosa. But NO, Dosa is aloof. He is too busy to see you again for a very long time. He's in high demand... But he's always on my mind. And I know that one day I'll fight my way through his gaggle of admirers to spend time with him once again, because he's THAT GOOD!!
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2008,9/12/2008,96,46,30,35,23>My mother is a professional stylist, so naturally she's the only one that's ever touched my hair.  She's the only one I ever trusted, never had to have given direction to, she just did amazing things with my hair constantly. The best look for me was really short, fun, layered look... and then I moved to San Fran from New York and it was over.  I decided to grow my hair out and once I couldn't handle it anymore, I was stuck.  No mom, no hope for me.A friend recommended the Beauty Clinic and after reading reviews and being desperate I made an appointment (same day) with AgahaI wanted very short hair again, but how could I explain the exact style this when I never had to? I was terrified, because this was a dramatic cut - my hair was long (mid back) and i needed it to end in the middle of my neck.I brought in several pictures and within an hour I had exactly what I wanted.  It was perfection! Short, layered, so versatile - I could do tons of different variations.  My mom LOVED it as well and I just couldn't be happier.  Agaha is amazing and I love her.  Oh, it also cost me $45 (plus tip).  Unreal. My mom's salon would charge someone like me at least $85.LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!Here's before and afterBefore (about 6 months before the cut and my hair was now about 5 inches longer)i35.photobucket.com/albu…After:i35.photobucket.com/albu…i35.photobucket.com/albu…
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2008,9/11/2008,274,1482,32,33,31>I'll let you in on a little secret... Something unique about myself... And what I'm about to tell you should prove why Waterbar deserves every single star that I am allowed to give... I am a hapa chick... My mother is Japanese... My mother, my grandmother and myself are all allergic to fish... Yes it's true... You can go ahead and pick your jaw up off the floor now... you're breath is kinda kickin'... I know, I know... Allergic to fish?! How can I be Japanese?? Well, get over it. I am. Here's the second shocker... I CAN eat shellfish... Yes that's right folks... No tuna, no toro, no hamachi, no sabe, no sanma, no kampachi... Only the shellbacks for me... Which is totally fine, because I love shellfish... But I don't like to eat too much of it, since it's the only type of seafood I can have, I get easily bored with it...But Waterbar has such an amazing selection of seafood... Even though they offer 3 turf options, I went with the surf all the way baby... And until last night, I was a strong hater of oysters... I grew up in the south... Alabama to be exact... I was used to the huge, nasty gulf oysters... Swore them off for life... Until everyone talked me into eating a kumamoto oyster last night... MmmMmm Fulicious! I don't need to go into detail about the food... For that you can read my hunnie's review here - yelp.com/biz/waterbar-sa…I will cover some of the aspects of the meal that he didn't mention.. Service:Everyone from the hostess to the sommelier to the server to the busboy were super nice and very helpful... They knew their shit and they didn't treat us like any other random customer... They took their time.. They explained... They recommended... They chatted... Each staff member looked genuinely happy to be there... Our server Lowell even took it to the next step... Not only did he comp our dessert, but after dinner he said "I want to take you guys on a little trip..."We followed him up the stairs, down the corridor and to the private dining balcony upstairs... Breathtaking view of the Bay Bridge and the bay... It's so pretty, I want to reserve it, just for the hell of it... The Ambiance:Mixed crowd of all ages and races... Waterbar has a hip feel, but not too hip... It also has the fine dining feel, but not too fine... It was a nice medium of the two... Good music in the background... Tables spaced perfectly so you don't feel like you are sitting on top of complete strangers... Super comfy chairs and great views from almost every single table... Good layout of the walk space too so that you don't have to worry about running into waitstaff or other guests... The only thing I would say wasn't the best, was the women's bathrooms... The lighting was HORRIBLE... While the main dining rooms are brightly lit, the women's bathroom was so dark... You can't see yourself to fix make-up, pick scallion out of your teeth, pick your nose... nothing... So... As you can see... Waterbar deserves every single star... This dinner has made it's way into my "Best 5 Meals of My Life So Far" list... This dinner was so good, I didn't even want to go poop today... I wanted my body to savor it for as long as possible... But what goes in, must come out, right?
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2008,9/10/2008,559,266,18,22,22>5 stars because this place is located in SF. The stars would definitely go down were it in philly and they might just disappear in NYC but we are in SF and it's a matter of comparison kids so just be weary you NYCers out there....if you be readin this.A friend from home also discontent with most SF pizza stops recommended this to me months before I accidentally happened upon the place. Now when that actually happened, sometime after leaving the Edinborough guess what state I was in? Aww, you got it right. Good for you!"God damn this pizza's good," said my Socal friend who could not resist taking bites of her slice while driving. "This is way more like it is back home," I said."When are we going to NYC again?""Soon."Well I hit up an average spot in NYC and yes my whole body melted, but until my next trip the fluffy crust, and hit you over the head sauce and cheese at Napolis will hold me over.All I can say is, thank god I have this in my life, little as it may seem to you......thank god.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2008,9/9/2008,1928,1761,38,28,29>Back in April:I spent $4.75 on a double scoop of Balsamic Strawberry on a sugar cone.(That was so good and I was impressed, but I'm not coming back again.) Two weeks later: I took my daughter after her Dr. appt.I spent $4.75 on a double scoop of Ritual Toffee Coffee in a cup.She had the $3.25 kid scoop of Cherry Almond on a sugar cone. (That was so yummy; we are not coming back again.)A month later: I took my niece after lunch. I spent $4.75 on a double scoop of a Salted Caramel. She had the Cookie and Cream and Vanilla combo. (The third trip was better. But then, we won't ever come back.)Few weeks later: The Fantastic-4 came here after an early dinner. I spent $4.75 on a double scoop of Cookie and Cream and Cherry Almond combo.Wife had the double scoop of Honey Lavender. Jr. had Toffee Vanilla and daughter had Salted Caramel. (The fourth visit for the "Fantastic-4"; nah, we better not.) Last week: The Fantastic-4 and niece came after an event nearby. I spent $4.75 on a double scoop of Honey Lavender and Vanilla. Wife had the Ritual Coffee Toffee and Mexican Chocolate combo.Niece had the Salted Caramel and Mint Chip. Daughter had a scoop of Balsamic Strawberry Jr. had the Toasted Coconut. ("Forget it! We're not making another return to Bi-rite creamery!")You can tell I'm "full of shit" and will make several more returns back to Yelp's favorite Gelato shop in Mission Dolores.
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2008,1/10/2009,283,147,28,25,26>Tinkerbell or Pocahontas....Tink or Poc, TInk or Poc....dammit!I couldn't decide.  Our theme this year is DIY Disney characters, and nothing I could find even came close to an "Erika C interpretation" of either beloved Disney femme fatale.  It was time for drastic measures.Costumes on Haight has always scared me just a little.  The intimidating lines that emanate from this place around Halloween time, the crazy window displays that show off intense and scary wares; but, this was crunch time people!  Lives depend on this!  Sort of!  Not really at all!  Moving on!Surprisingly, the place was not as packed as I had imagined.  The racks and racks of costumes made me second and third guess my costumes of choice (dammit, is Harry Potter Disney?  What?!  OMFG  look at...*gasp* WANT!), and the staff was super helpful in directing me to make a final decision on the costume.Ladies and Gentlemen, the winner isssss.....Tinkerbell!  *the crowd goes wild*What was the clincher?  One of the staff members pointed to the ceiling (where all the wings are located, natch) and said "the green sparkly ones just SCREAM Tinkerbell."  And you know what?  She was RIGHT.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2008,1/8/2009,879,323,30,38,39>I've been meaning to dine at Foreign Cinema for ages now, and I  finally made my reservation online, through their website (which sends you to Open Table).  When we showed up, they brought us to our table, and I was disappointed to find that the hostess was leading us away from the terrace area.  I had not realized when making the reservation that there is an outside option as well as an inside option.  Learn from my mistake!  Remember to be sure to request the well-known and often talked about patio area when making your reservation!!Foreign Cinema's menu changes every day, so I'm not sure how useful my food review will be, but my date and I did enjoy our meal.  To start, we had the "Sonoma Foie Gras with Warm Honey Crisp Apple."  Note:  they do not bring bread to the table, but they do have complimentary bread if you request it.  We did request bread, and it complimented the foie gras pate very well, otherwise it would have been too rich and too salty to eat by itself.  We also had the "Yellowtail Jack Tartare with Horseradish Sauce and Wonton Ribbons."  This was a nice change from the typical tuna tartare, but it was a little too lemon zesty.  For the main course, my date had the "Lavender Scented Pork Chop with Potato-Sage Gnocchi in an Umbrian Olive Sauce."  Their gnocchi was the best part of this dish, and you could obviously tell that they made it fresh themselves.  The pork chop was the most tender pork chop I had ever had, and a very large double-cut serving!  I would almost say that this dish was most excellent, if only there wasn't a hint of flavor that got in the way for me... not sure if it was the lavender flavor or the umbrian olive?  I had the "Seared Moroccan Spiced Duck with Butternut Puree, Lentils, Cranberry Chutney, and Rich Pate Toast."  The duck and pate toast were perfect, and the butternut puree was complimented the dish well.  I left the other sides on the plate.Our server was attentive and nice.  She had great wine pairing suggestions, without trying to sell us their most expensive wines.  Our meal came surprisingly quick, and we very much enjoyed it!  I look forward to coming back and dining on their famous patio.Pictures uploaded:static.px.yelp.com/bphot…static.px.yelp.com/bphot…static.px.yelp.com/bphot…
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2008,1/7/2009,331,322,29,31,33>I came here for The Little Mermaid sing-along showing with my girl J, which means absolutely nothing if you were older than 11 when that movie came out.For the rest of us, however, it's a bonus for the already five-star Castro Theatre. We sang "Under the Sea" with hundreds of other people, accompanied by a Wurlitzer organ, for crying out loud.Aside from superb atmosphere and being a choice venue for old-timey movies, this is one of the best buildings in San Francisco. I thought so as a snotty teenager, coming to watch Touch of Evil for high-school English. Surely, Bay Area folk will shine with pride seeing its 70s façade in Milk.Designed by Art Deco due Timothy Pflueger, the building isn't only in Art Deco style. It's the only building I can think of that has a range of styles inside and out, but doesn't look like a hot mess.Head over there to check out the inside of the theater (if you can without paying) and try to stay and watch a flick.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2008,1/6/2009,525,127,95,98,147>Wow, this my 100th review. I wanted to save it for a special place so I guess this is it. It's a long one.I want to come right out and say it. I'm not the biggest fan of Christmas. It was not the big in our house growing up but we did the food and presents thing. Now my GF on the other hand loves it. Every year I get her a tree to start off her birthday. She's been doing it since she was a kid and it's great to see her reaction. And that's what Christmas is about, right?So anyway, last week we're driving by Union square and we see all the lights and hub bub. I went into, "what are these clowns doing up there" mode. She went into a trance like the first time at a rave when you see bright lights on ecstasy or something.  I was screwed and I knew I would have make an appearance there before the holiday season was over so I might as well make it on my own terms.I made reservations for the evening skate and told my GF that we were going to the movies at the 1000 AMC. She did not question that we were not going to the Metreon or the Century so I knew we were good to go. She was confused at first as to why we were circling Union square looking for parking. But I convinced her that Van Ness was only a few blocks away.So we parked and decided to "cut" through so she could see the lights and what not. She had no idea there was a rink up there. She was more shocked that I went straight to the rental skate line and turned around with a pair of skates. It was really cool.So we skated around for a bit. After she got over my ability to actually iceskate (come on, I grew up back east firchistsakes) we cruised around and had a blast. Once I got the hang of avoiding the dive bomber ice skater kids, we pulled over, and talked about life and where we were at relationship wise and where we want to be in the next few years. Then I mentally said "do this" and I broke out the ring. She said yes and It was the happiest I've ever seen her...ever. The lights, the ice, the full moon, and the day itself. I could not have made it up if I tried. It was a great moment and I'll never forget it.I want to shout out at the employees for being there and keeping the spirit after many hours of insane tourists and  people that have no business being on the ice. You dudes killed it.Happy holidays everyone and I hope others will be inspired by the Union Square ice rink to love your family, your partner, and to just take in the holiday spirit. go...but be careful!Bah humbug dammit!
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2008,1/5/2009,569,149,21,23,24>Cozy, Sexy, Cool...yummy food in a sexy environment, I'm sold. The wine and drink list is extensive and the sommelier was spot on with the flavors and perfectly complemented the flavors of the meal. How appropriate that the wine was from Binnisalem, Majorca, a beautiful Sexy island of Spain. The Bastilla was amazing, very unique and deep in flavors; mixing the rich flavors of duck and Moroccan spices with a sweet touch of orange reduction = perfection! They like to play a lot with mixing textures, the chipirones squid was chewy on the outside with a nice mushroom sautéed with garlic and onions...kissy kissy time! The Black Cod was superbly cooked and melted in my mouth...mmmm sexy. 5 Sexy Stars!!
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2008,1/4/2009,533,452,22,24,29>If Proust would have dined outside the sunny coast of Nice, he would have certainly written a praise to this wonderful salad. I found an interpretation that was noteworthy, a musing of past experiences-- a spiritual awakening with my own Seder plate, invoking an immeasurable lesson to seize the moment.One can be greeted here by the warm welcoming sun as it casts its soft golden shadows distilled through the eggshell canvas. Why, even the air was sweetened with lingering fragrant traces of narcissus and peonies tucked neatly like babies in carriages, or if you ate inside, the consuming buttery scent of croissants and freshly baked bread perfume the air.I love coming here, not only for the francophile effect but for one dish.  It is meeting with an old friend, the one who gives back a thousand fold, always giving the best compliment, and recounting with absolute clarity our experiences together, and when we part, I leave fully satisfied-- emotionally and soulfully.  This old friend, this old' plate~the Salade Nicoise. Comfort food has never been so thoughtfully conveyed through this meal, to me it's a familiar trip back to places and people I have met along my way, how they validated my sensibilities , which the French aptly described with a strong physical reaction--frisson de plaisir, which carry with it a musical, cultural and poetic substance able to completely overwhelm.Simple at first sight, yet complex with the myriad of nuances to comprehend the flavors it imparts.  Enticing the senses in a carousel of delight,  the 'joie de vivre' preparation display the robust and rustic attitude of southern France, the product of a mindful heart designed with layers of colors found in a Cezanne painting.  Oh the taste that literally enamor every taste bud, each brain cell, recording the process to imprint in every cell with the culture so generous that strangers leave souvenirs behind in exchange for memories that last a lifetime! I am often spellbound often by this wheel of life, where each ingredient gathered, induced apparitions of dearly meaningful experiences-- all chasing happiness in this ode to a dish. I feasted on this sight: a blue lapis ceramic plate, filled with a cornucopia of harvest from the azure coastline, that when I first saw it driving south, filled the horizon like a giant Magritte painting, fading softly against the cloudless sky, hung by the very same seagulls that called out their mate to show where sardines and anchovies could be found. When I took my first bite, I heard notes from this fragrant salad, a heaping full of greens that provided a fresh medley of crisp toccata--a mineral freshness of verdure from the romaine and lettuce. How could one not appreciate the toils and labor farmers impart- for this was the fruit of their heart's content, tended to preserve the nutty flavor of the greens, the sweetness of bell peppers and its vibrant colors that inspire the hanging red stars on a Calder mobile, these red tomatoes neatly nestled on one corner, then shiny dark violet olives picked at late harvest, plump with the last fill from the autumn sun, exuding the nectar of life- bliss meets tokens from the past, that even a jest from 6th grade french class-- the silent "ashe" in haricot vert, or the rolling r's of the provincial "aRtichaut" all conjure a thankful reverie for Madame Ferrer! At another corner, steamed herbed potatoes cooked to this agreeable texture: soft and tender but will not crumble to a fork; even its counterpart of hardboiled eggs, preferably three-- for the greeting gesture of three planted kisses- rather than the two air kisses of the tepid north, even the venerable Alexandre Dumaine- would consider this a rite of passage by preserving the ripe bright yellow yolk avoiding the blue coating of untended eggs!The crowning glory of this salad- distinctly placed at its center, a token to the Goddess Nike--the succulent tuna, briny and marbled like its coastal cliffs. The marrow that binds this plate together is a potent mixture of sweet shallots, Dijon mustard, red wine vinegar, and olive oil, seasoned with cracked pepper and sea salt, where proportion provide the delicate balance in the dressing. I mop this plate with the toasted sourdough bread, soaking up the last remaining juices- savoring those distant memories that captivate and enrich my life again and again.PS-The Salade Nicoise does not contain any cooked vegetables aside from the potatoes and string beans- which are preferably steamed and of course the hard-boiled eggs. The vegetable mixture should be composed of greens found in the region preferably tomatoes of the Saint Pierre variety and artichoke hearts harvested as closed bulbs. This salad is often called the "complete plate" with only a crisp baguette to accompany it :-)
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2008,1/3/2009,1798,1373,16,23,23>Mo ho ho ho(evil Japanese anime laugh)After attending a friend's first SF foray into an art gallery opening, I decided to treat him to some tasty Chinese in my hood and we did this by simply crossing the street:  the seductive and alluring smells wafting out from a well-lit corner establishment herded us straight to the door.Eric's is situated on a busy corner in Noe Valley.  Granted, my living here has never once tempted me indoors (I usually stick to Chinese on Clement or just simple dim sum I pick during window shopping excursions for cheesy stocking stuffers in Chinatown) but tonight was different.  I had just finished my friends art show, had an hour to kill during a viciously cold breezy evening, then it was off to the Cat Club for some dancing-to-the-80's night.Small, cozy and warm, we sat by the window which afforded us views of other Noe suburbanites waddling away in their cashmere scarves and Merrell Shoes.  Since it was freezing, we ordered a small portion of their Hot and Sour soup followed closely with their Spicy Eggplant and the pork Mu Shu."Rice?"But of course.  A side of your brown rice please.I have to say, that every dish was amazing.  The Hot and Sour soup had the right balance and was very savory, with crunchy strips of bamboo and slightly salty pieces of pork.  I may have to request it extra hot for next time since it cooled quickly.  The Spicy Eggplant was sooooooo intense in flavors that I was ladling it right on top of my brown rice, which incidentally, was one of the best bowls of brown rice in my life.  It had a consistent texture and the right amount of "give" as I ate away.  The eggplant was not overdone, usually the consequence of this vegetable being simmered.  But in this case it absorbed the flavors of the sauce without sacrificing the texture of the eggplant.  The Mu Shu was perfect and after the crepes were utilized, I continued to pick away at the julienned slices of veggies and tasty bits of pork.The beauty of most Noe Valley establishments is that you will inevitably run into someone from the surrounding blocks.  As we consumed our order, several groups of people escaped the cold to take a seat in this little restaurant, smiling and waving as we took turns with salutations.The prices here are slightly more than I usually spend at Chinese restaurants, but it is probably warranted because it is Noe and add in the exorbitant and insane prices for rent here, I'm not surprised.  Great food and a perfect little corner spot to keep an eye on Noe traffic, wheels and feet.  Parking is a pain, so if you live a few blocks away, a nice walk will whet the appetite for your meal here.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2008,1/1/2009,449,396,29,32,32>For some odd frickin reason, whenever I come to Hai Ky, I always stop to think about how many ducks have been sacrificed so that I can enjoy such a deliciously braised duck leg.  I get sad sometimes...  But who am I kidding?!  I am a full-fledged carnivore and these thoughts never run through my head when I'm cutting into a thick piece of dry-aged steak, or when I'm taking a huge bite out of a juicy lamb chop.  So, why does the animal-friendly side of me and these borderline-PETA thoughts of mine occur nowhere else, except when I'm gnawing on that deliciously slow-cooked meat-falling-off-bones leg of duck from Hai Ky?  A conundrum indeed.Regardless though, the duck leg they serve is hefty and flavorful.  You can choose from your choice of thin or thick egg/rice noodles.  And your preference of having it served with soup or dry.  I'm accustomed to getting the thick egg noodles with soup, but I have since learned that the best noodles for such a soup are the thick rice noodles.  They soak up all the flavor of the broth.  One of the best hangover cures I would recommend to anybody.  Second to pho, that is.Their wontons and fried fish cakes are just okay, and their popular soy bean milk is a little too sweet for me.  I'm eager to try their beef stew noodle soup though, as I've heard really good things about it and I see a lot of customers ordering it.  But I get so distracted by that duck leg all the time!  Mmmmm...duck.
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/24/2008,12/31/2008,473,189,22,26,22>Is it my imagination, or does Andalu's artsy logo look like a Conehead from SNL?yelp.com/biz_photos/b4sz…The Conehead mantra is "MUST CONSUME MASS QUANTITIES", something you won't be doing with Andalu's trendy nibblers. With big groups it's each person for him/herself when it comes to sharing tapas at this restaurant. DUDES--take heed--eat a couple of quesadillas up the street before coming here so you don't blow a chunk of change and still go home hungry. I'm always getting the short end of the stick when it comes to my fair share at this place. As a self proclaimed "gentleman", I feign politeness, "oh, please take the last piece of succulent braised short-rib, whilst I eat this thin slice of magical Fuji apple dipped in fondue elixir".  I think this well reviewed restaurant is best suited for groups of 2, 4 or 6. There's a central bar area to wait for your table so you don't have to stand outside dodging panhandlers. Nice vibe; artwork that changes each month; valet if parking drives you nuts; and a friendly and efficient waitress the last time I was there on $1 ahi Taco Tuesday. "Small plates" gets my vote over "tapas" since there's little of anything Spanish about this place outside the sangria. But tapas don't even have to be Spanish, whu-what? If you are on a budget, there's few small dishes that will sate you alone, but the Slider mini burgers might do the trick. The gem of this place is tasting the different flavors. I'd try again the: - Fig and Dried Cherry Salad- Steak Tartare- Coca-Cola Braised Short-ribs- Glazed Sea Bass- Donut holes with cocoa for dessert (mmMM)I've seen folks swear by the polenta fries, but I'm left scratching my head when I tasted them. Speaking of heads, I haven't been able to pass by this restaurant without envisioning Dan Aykroyd as Beldar Conehead.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2008,12/29/2008,876,405,24,32,31>I've been here a couple of times and Lisa and Manda have never let me down.  They're extremely fun and inviting, and their service is remarkable.  Major thanks go out to both of them for making sure we had a good time.  I'll also have to give some praise to their honorary waiter who's not on their payroll, the one and only Ron L.  When the SBC visited, he did a good job waiting on us, and everybody else.  Boy was he working hard!     Pound for pound the crawfish and shrimp had a stimulating and addicting effect on me.  The crawfish, shrimp, and corn were drenched in some intense flavors.  Both the sausage and crab were juicy and flavorful as well.  At first, we opted to go with their medium Cajun style sauce, which was just right.  Their spicy wasn't as overwhelming as I thought it would be though.  Meaty oysters were perfect appetizers with my Sapporo.  It would've been nice to have rice, but the corn was just fine for me.    Drinking beer and soju with a bib on is uncommon for me, but I find it necessary to protect myself from splattering shells and dripping spicy sauce.  Making a mess is the only way to eat here.  I definitely enjoyed the experience!  Even though the South Bay has a handful of crawfish restaurants, I would still make the trip out to Coco's.  I find them irresistible.
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,8/10/2014,558,227,12,16,23>Casey U. Falls in Love:It begins with a bar. It always begins with a bar. It always begins with an aimless walk around the neighborhood that ends up at a bar. It always begins, somehow, when he least expects it. He is cold; the fog rests heavily upon his brow and in his lungs.There is a group of people outside of the bar that he thought was closed forever. He is curious, the premises lit by neon, the long, thin lines of Irish reels seeping through the locked door, tile in ivory and peach and aqua on the stoop. They are boisterous, calling inside the bar, banging on the door, phoning their friends who might be at the bar. He asks them "Is it worth it?" They laugh. He stays, despite never having had the patience to wait to get into a bar before. They stomp their feet against the evening.The door opens. He walks into the bar. He sits down at a bar stool, orders a Guinness, and the can is poured into a glass. He sips the beer, and a shot is slammed in front of him by the bartender/owner, a fixture since 1972 "for being so patient, for waiting". He drinks the shot, it splashes on his mustache, burns over his recently-shaved stubble. The bar is dim, with slanted rafters, and wooden walls, and football paraphernalia from the isles sharing space with revolutionary propaganda and old photographs. If authenticity is the craving of a generation of millennial, he is pleased to have finally found it, and pleased to know that he will never, ever, share this place with his friends. He falls in love, just a little, warming to the place.A woman walks up to the bar. A woman with her friend. She bats her eyelashes at him, he's too shy to show that he notices. They are from Ireland, they've taken a road trip across country, ending up in the bar that he ended up in after a long night's walk. He sips his beer, looking at his tired reflection in a broken and battered mirror, an Irish driving cap covering his bald spot, the bags under his eyes more visible then ever before in the dim light. Everyone talks to one another, he talks to a professor from SFSU, she talks to a retired paramedic. Their eyes meet more and more often. He feels like the teenager he once was, sitting in the coffee shop in his hometown, drinking hot chocolate as his eyes met the girl across the room, knowing with the certainty of a young man in lust that she could be "the one", chest filling with what seems to be tepid, thick molasses, hoping that she felt the same way, hoping that she noticed him (and she never did). And the woman at the bar leaves. And he sits and drinks and marvels at the beauty of it all, of the lost potential in the moment, at what he imagined could have been. And he goes into the bathroom, is not a teenager with a full head of hair and a full face, but a grown man with scars and a hooked nose and wrinkles and a failing career. And he is cold again.So, he drinks his beer, drinks another shot and he laughs with his new friends, and he puts his hat on to leave, sighing and grunting and shaking his head, a little drunk, but not as drunk as he might be.And she walks back in the door, and she looks at him and sits next to him, and she smiles...and something which had been gelid and dark within him begins to glow...
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,8/9/2014,2145,704,22,27,26>Always get the Asado Mixto, a mix platter of meats and "veggies" good for two. Plenty of food and a good introduction to Argentinian cuisine. But really, you cannot go wrong with anything on their menu (hello Ceviche Mixto). Note add an order of shishito peppers to give the entire meal a kick.The bourbon they used - similar to Makers - for their Old-Fashioneds is good if you prefer a sweeter cocktail. This is my default drink to start the night. My other default is their Manhattans -  closer to the East Coast version, with rye whisky and more vermouth and therefore less sweet.Service has always been good whenever I've been here so I have nothing to complain. The leather chair/booth is different, comfy.
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,8/8/2014,932,279,70,79,75>"SUPAH KAWAII, THAT MEANS 'SUPAH CUTE' IN JAPANESE" That Gwen Stefani song is stuck in my head...More like 3.5 stars... but we can't do half stars lol.Located on the 1st floor of the Kinokuniya shopping center in Japantown ( it's near that store with the huge pikachu) this place is always compared to Sophie's Crepes (which is on the second floor near Mikado and the Kinokuniya bookstore). I always thought that crepes at Sophie's were too expensive for the quantity, so my friends and I would go to the first floor and end up here.Pros: - Variety of crepe combos to choose from- Has dessert, ice cream, and savory crepes.- Face dessert crepes are something kids would love.- Menu also consists of mochi, boba, and other snacks.- You get to see the crepe being made. Pretty cool process. - Nice staff.Cons:- Small location.- Cash only- Batter is made soft so ice cream crepes get soggy fast and they're harder to eat.- Pricey crepes. But Sophie's is just as pricey.Looks can kill, even on crepes.
